<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241209_10-K_edgar_data_1961847_0001493152-24-049268.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6546506</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>248021</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1327165</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2031332</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1270452</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1510191</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-049268.hdr.sgml : 20241209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241209161041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-049268
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNO HOLDINGS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001961847
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL PIPE & TUBES [3317]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41882
		FILM NUMBER:		241535211

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2465 FARM TO MARKET 359 SOUTH
		CITY:			BROOKSHIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77423
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-909-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2465 FARM TO MARKET 359 SOUTH
		CITY:			BROOKSHIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77423

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-049268.txt : 20241209

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934: 

For
the fiscal year ending , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934: 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________. 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including ZIP Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of March 31, 2024, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included
in such calculation is an affiliate) was . 

As
of December 3, 2024, there were shares of common stock, no par value, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM
 1: 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A: 
 RISK FACTORS 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 1B: 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 1C: 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 2: 
 PROPERTIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 3: 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 4: 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 16 

PART II 

ITEM
 5: 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 6: 
 [RESERVED] 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7: 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7A: 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 8: 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM
 9: 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 9B: 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 26 

PART III 

ITEM
 10: 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 11: 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 12: 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 13: 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 14: 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 38 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15: 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 38 
 
 ITEM
 16: 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 40 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may
appear throughout this annual report, including in the following sections: Business and Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. When used in this annual
report, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, future, 
 intend, plan, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management,
identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements contained in this annual report relating
to our business strategy, our future operating results, and our liquidity and capital-resources outlook. Forward-looking statements are
based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking
statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to
predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. They are neither statements
of historical fact nor guarantees of assurance of future performance. We caution you, therefore, against relying on any of these forward-looking
statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include,
without limitation: 

our
 ability to effectively operate our business segments; 

our
 ability to manage our research, development, expansion, growth, and operating expenses; 

our
 ability to evaluate and measure our business, prospects, and performance metrics; 

our
 ability to compete, directly and indirectly, and succeed in a highly competitive and evolving industry; 

our
 ability to respond and adapt to changes in technology and customer behavior; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property and to develop, maintain, and enhance a strong brand; and 

other
 factors relating to our industry, our operations, and results of operations. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ
significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 

Factors
or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of
them. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including
the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results. 

USE
OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, in this annual report on Form 10-K references to: 

the
 Company, INNO, the registrant, we, our, or us 
 mean INNO HOLDINGS INC. and its subsidiaries; 

year 
 or fiscal year means the year ending September 30; 

all
 dollar or references, when used in this prospectus, refer to United States dollars; 

framing 
 means the process of connecting building materials together to create a structure; 

stud 
 means a vertical framing member which forms part of a wall or partition, also known as a wall stud, a fundamental component of frame
 construction; 

truss 
 means a web-like roof design that uses tension and compression to create strong, light components that can span a long distance; 

joist 
 means a horizontal structural member used in framing to span an open space, often between beams that subsequently transfer loads
 to vertical members; 

cold-formed
 steel or CFS or light-gauge steel or LGS means steel products shaped by cold-working
 processes carried out near room temperature, such as rolling, pressing, stamping, bending, etc.; 

turnkey
 cost is the total cost that must be covered before a product or service is ready to be sold and used by consumers; 

prefab 
 means a building manufactured in sections to enable assembly on site. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. INNO, we, us, or Company is an innovative building-technology
company with a mission to transform the construction industry with our proprietary cold-formed steel-framing technology and other building
innovations. INNO recognized the inherent inefficiency and waste in traditional lumber-based construction techniques and sought to develop
steel-based construction technologies to solve the problems. INNO takes its name from innovation and is committed to the
research and development of steel studs/tracks/headers, providing higher performance and greater efficiencies in all aspects of construction,
making better structural solutions for both commercial and residential buildings, resulting in substantial labor cost savings, in our
view. The Company s products are created using a combination of intelligent machines and cutting-edge techniques to provide an
optimal design solution of framing for engineers, builders, and construction companies. We are currently a manufacturer of cold-formed-steel
members and we offer a full range of services required to transform raw materials into precise steel framing products and prefabricated
homes. We sell these finished products either to businesses or directly to customers. The finished products and cold-formed-steel members
are used in a variety of building types, including residential, commercial, industrial, and infrastructure. We hope to transform the
building industry by reducing construction times while providing more affordable, environmentally sustainable, and durable solutions
compared to traditional construction materials and methods. We believe we are also well positioned to disrupt the construction industry,
which now accounts for 10 trillion of the global economy. 

We
work with our customers to manufacture products in accordance with the customers drawings and specifications. Our work complies
with specific national and international codes and standards applicable to the construction industry. We believe that we have earned
our reputation through outstanding technical expertise, attention to detail, and a total commitment to excellence in customer service. 

Our
primary manufacturing operations are located on approximately five acres in Brookshire, Texas. Our facility houses state-of-the-art equipment
that gives us the capability to manufacture 15,000 linear feet of product per day. We offer a full range of services such as structural
designs, metal stud production, and preassembly of metal studs into steel wall panels, which are required to transform raw materials
into finished products that are compliant with local building codes. Our manufacturing capabilities include fabrication operations, such
as cutting, punching, forming and assembling, and machine operations, which includes computer numerical controlled CNC machine operations. We also provide support services for our manufacturing capabilities: manufacturing engineering (planning, fixture
and tooling development, and manufacturing), quality control (inspection and testing), materials procurement, production control (scheduling,
project management, and expediting), and final assembly. 

All
manufacturing at our facility is done in accordance with our written quality assurance program, which meets specific national codes as
well as international codes, standards, and specifications. For example, we have ICC-ES evaluation reports (ESR-4641) that show that
our cold-formed steel-framing members are compliant with the 2018 and 2015 International Building Code IBC ), 2019 California
Building Code CBC ), and 2020 Florida Building Code. The standards used for each customer project are specific to each
customer s needs, and we have implemented those standards into our manufacturing operations. 

In
2024, we successfully launched a new revenue stream through our newly established subsidiary, Inno AI Tech Corp., which specializes in
research and consulting services. 

Our
Products 

Cold-Formed
Steel Framing 

Cold-formed
steel is the material of choice to lower building costs and adapt to modular or off-site buildings. It is consistent in quality and
form, and it can be shipped preassembled or it can be assembled on-site by workers with little training. Our steel roof trusses,
wall panels, and joist systems are a cost-effective noncombustible alternative to traditional building materials. They are
now commonly used to build apartments, hotels, temporary housing, nursing homes, commercial buildings, industrial buildings, and
single-family detached homes. These types of structures are expected to be the targets of our Company s sales and marketing
team. 

1 

Our
proprietary cold-formed roller machines are equipped with proprietary software, which optimizes production efficiency and supports individual
part customization to ensure each cold-formed-steel member is produced to the exact specifications of the plans. Our intelligent machines
can precisely cut and punch out steel studs, leaving channels for the mechanical, electrical, and plumbing designs. We arrive at an accurate,
comprehensive, and information-rich design model with the utilization of light-gauge steel-framing engineering software , which
creates a digital model of the project that includes all functional systems, geometric features, and aesthetics, such as electrical wiring,
air conditioning, doors, and windows. The light-gauge steel-framing engineering software is a shared multidisciplinary resource that
allows collaborators to achieve maximum efficiency and effectiveness by compressing design lead time. We have created a full BIM solution
that instructs our advanced cold-formed roller machines to produce each steel-framing piece to certain specifications. 

After
the design phase, our top-quality raw materials are processed on several production lines, each with made-to-order specific dimensions,
screw holes, and cross-cut stitching. These customizations reduce the need for on-site manual calculations and simplify the assembling
steps, both of which increase construction efficiency and reduce labor costs. All steel-framing products produced by our Company are
International Code Council (ICC) certified. The International Code Council is the leading global source of model codes and standards
and building safety solutions that include product evaluation, accreditation, technology, training, and certification. The Code Council s
codes, standards, and solutions are used to ensure safe, affordable, and sustainable communities and buildings worldwide. 

Our
modular steel building framing systems avoid construction delays caused by partial or unsynchronized delivery of different building components.
By breaking away from the methods of traditional stick-built building, our customers report that their construction timelines have been
reduced by at least 20 . 

Castor
Cube 

Due
to high housing prices, some are having difficulties purchasing a home. Housing market trends have shown a gradual preference for modular
homes, which is a prefabricated building that consists of repeated sections called modules, and involves constructing sections away from
the building site, then delivering them to the intended site where the installation is completed. We believe demand for prefab homes
is on an upward growth trend in the United States. According to the Straits Research Institute, North America s share of the global
modular building market was valued at 28 billion in 2021 and is expected to grow to 53 billion by 2030, representing a CAGR of 7 .
According to the summary of an IBISWorld report titled, Prefabricated Home Manufacturing in the US Market Size 2002-2029, 
the prefabricated home manufacturing market size in the U.S. is expected to be 9.1 billion in 2023. We expect to capitalize on this
trend by providing high-quality and affordable modular homes. 

Most
consumers are drawn to prefab homes because of their cost-effectiveness, efficiency, and permanent property characteristics. Castor Cube
is a low-maintenance, single-story, 743-square-foot manufactured home with 4 color options that can resist earthquakes, withstand winds,
and prevent pests. It is a cold-formed-steel building system equipped with honeycomb panels, and it is designed to maximize the strength-to-weight
value. As a result, it yields high structural stability. Castor Cube can be built on a foundation or used as a mobile home. 

The
Castor Cube can be built on a foundation steel chassis, which can be single or used as a mobile multi-sectioned. We are expanding and
improving our facility in Texas and anticipate that this modular home product will be completely constructed within the next couple years.
Once built, it will be transported to permanent locations for installation. The timeline for product delivery is not affected by weather
since it will be manufactured in our 100 climate-controlled factory. Furthermore, we expect that streamlined building process will shorten
the completion time. 

Mobile
Factory: Off-site Equipment Rental, Sales, Service, and Support 

We
believe innovative technology can increase productivity in the building sector. Research and development of more efficient methods in
the manufacturing and building space is at the forefront of our business model. 

2 

Our
Mobile Factory is an all-in-one, secured production facility that will produce steel-framing members onsite. It can print wall panels,
floor truss, and roof truss components. The size is customized for a trailer, which enables it to be transported anywhere, ranging from
metropolitan suburbs to remote areas with little to no infrastructure. It is designed to enable immediate stud production on any site. 

Our
Mobile Factory is complete with metal stud production equipment and a diesel generator. This generator can supply continuous power to
our cold-formed roller machine. The production capacity of our Mobile Factory is at least 1,000 linear feet per day. We believe this
innovation is the good solution for urgent deployment in disaster areas or remote areas. It is designed to reduce the cost and time of
transportation of metal studs, which we believe can drive a lower carbon footprint for larger projects. 

The
Mobile Factory is operated and managed by Internet of Things IoT technology, a network of physical objects that are embedded
with sensors, software and other technologies for the purpose of connecting and exchanging data with other devices and systems over the
internet. INNO developed its proprietary IoT production management system independently. The system controls equipment and manages the
Mobile Factory via a dashboard, allowing the user to gain a comparative understanding of production parameters, such as operation data,
machinery breakdown data, uptime data and production efficiency. 

Related
Services 

We
may from time to time participate in land development and contractor services if an opportunity exists to leverage our products. Specifically,
we have evaluated the development of apartment complexes, retirement communities, and remodels for projects that would incorporate our
metal framing studs. For example, we have agreed to provide project development services for our contract with Vision Opportunity Fund
LP (assigned to Vision 101), partially owned by a minority shareholder of the Company, related to the development of an approximately
110,000 square feet retirement community. 

In
February 2024, we formed Inno AI Tech Corp., which specializes in research and consulting services. Throughout the year, we successfully
supported a client in establishing a steel technology company. Our services included incorporation assistance, comprehensive training
programs, in-depth market research, and strategic business development guidance. This engagement generated consulting revenue of 205,000. 

Our
Customers 

We
can serve commercial, residential, and industrial projects. For the cold-formed steel-framing business, the sales model is business-to-business
because the main customers are developers, builders, and contractors. For the Castor Cube prefab home products and the consulting services
performed by Inno AI Tech Corp., the sales model is expected to be either business-to-business or business-to-customer. 

On
a year-to-year basis we are generally dependent on a small number of major customers that change year to year. Our written agreements
with major customers normally terminate upon completion, and our major customers change from year to year. For the year ended September
30, 2024, three customers accounted for 90 of the Company s total revenues, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2023,
three customers accounted for 53 . As of September 30, 2024, Nil outstanding of accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from one customer
accounted for 100 of the Company s total accounts receivable as of September 30, 2023. 

These
agreements contain standard construction and supplier agreement terms including payment schedules, performance schedules, the ability
to subcontract, insurance obligations and indemnification provisions, and confidentiality provisions. Our written agreements with these
customers generally terminate upon completion of the project or early terminate upon mutual agreement of the parties and contain provisions
restricting our right to assign the agreement. 

3 

Our
Suppliers 

Historically
we rely on a limited number of suppliers. For the year ended September 30, 2024, two suppliers accounted for 58 of the Company s
total purchases. For the year ended September 30, 2023, three suppliers accounted for 57 of the Company s total purchases. As
of September 30, 2024 and 2023, accounts payable to two suppliers accounted for 51 and 55 of the Company s total accounts payable,
respectively. We currently do not have written agreements with these suppliers or, generally, with any of our suppliers. All of our purchases
from these suppliers are made by way of individual orders. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

Technology
Innovations 

INNO
recognizes that no technology or product is completely immune to being copied, and therefore the company is committed to being a pioneer
in the industry by constantly researching and developing new technologies, and being ahead in various aspects of the industry such as
regulations, equipment autonomy, design technology, production efficiency, new product birth, orderly management, coordinated transportation,
remote production, etc. In this way, INNO aims to have the most advanced and comprehensive technology in the industry and be the true
technological barrier for competitors to overcome. INNO focuses on patentable innovative products and commercializing research discoveries
in the cold-formed steel industry in the U.S. and committed to bringing innovation in the field of thin-walled structures, cold-formed
steel building technology, and design methodology for resilient buildings. 

Fully
Integrated Manufacturing Process 

Compared
to other traditional metal stud manufacturers, INNO differentiates itself by integrating services from design to metal stud production
to prefabrication, utilizing off-site building technology to reduce the need for on-site framing labor. This approach allows INNO to
streamline the production process, increase efficiency, and reduce dependency on labor. By implementing off-site building technologies,
INNO is able to prefabricate and assemble many components of the building in a factory setting, which can lead to improved quality control,
faster construction times and reduced on-site labor costs. This approach allows INNO to be a leader in the metal studs manufacturing
industry in the U.S. and set a new standard for the building industry. 

Compared
to other prefab home companies, INNO sets itself apart by making an innovation in the overall structure system and developing our own
patent pending panel material for faster installation. Unlike other prefab home competitors who still use traditional wood-stick building
methods or other unique liquid material (required by 3D printing), which are not as efficient and may not be able to guarantee delivery
times, INNO s patent pending panel material and overall structure system allows for faster installation, improved efficiency and
guaranteed delivery times. This allows INNO to offer a more efficient and cost-effective solution for prefab home building and maintain
a competitive edge in the market. Additionally, INNO s patent pending material and system can guarantee the quality and safety
of the building, which is a significant advantage over the other prefab home companies. 

Rising
Cost of Traditional Wood Construction Favors Transition to Steel 

Utilizing
INNO s off-site building technology can significantly reduce overall construction costs, even when compared to wood building. The
past several years of western wildfires in the United States have had a significant impact on lumber stocks and mills, leading to disruptions
in supply and fluctuations in lumber prices. A study by the Steel Framing Industry Association (SFIA) indicates that the cost to build
with cold-formed steel is relatively the same as building with wood when the cost comparison includes the construction insurance premiums
associated with using the materials. As the price of wood no longer provides a cost advantage, alternative building materials like steel
have become increasingly popular in the market. By leveraging its off-site building technology, INNO is able to offer a cost-effective
solution that takes advantage of the cost benefits of steel building while also providing faster and more efficient construction. 

We
are keeping our prices at a competitive level with traditional wood framing solutions. In a recent internal case study, we found that
INNO s products delivered real-world cost-savings of 8-16 compared to wood framing. This study compared our solution against wood
for a 2,2663 square feet. home built in 2022, for which we supplied materials. Based on fully quoted materials and estimated labor and
insurance costs, we estimate the contractor saved 16 by using INNO products compared to wood framing. For the low scenario,
we recently requested updated wood bids and used the lowest one; in this case, we estimate that INNO products would have provided the
contractor with 8 savings. 

4 

Market
Opportunity 

Light-Gauge
Steel-Framing Market 

According
to the report released by Grand View Research in 2022, titled Light Gauge Steel Framing Market Size, Share Trends Analysis
Report By Type (Skeleton Steel Framing, Wall Bearing Steel Framing), By End-use (Commercial, Residential), By Region, And Segment Forecasts,
2023 - 2030 , the global light-gauge steel-framing market was valued at 37.27 billion in 2023 and is expected to reach 52.73
billion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 5.1 from 2023 to 2030. The substantial rise in construction spending and a shift in trend toward
sustainable materials have contributed to higher energy efficiency at a lower cost, in turn driving the market demand for light-gauge
steel frames. According to KBV Research s report released in February 2022, titled North America Light Gauge Steel Framing
Market Size, Share and Industry Trend Analysis Report By Type, By End Use, By Country, Historical Data and Growth Forecast, 2021-2027, 
the U. S. market has dominated the North American cold-formed steel-framing market, and it is expected to continue to be a dominant market
player until 2027; thereby, achieving a market value of 7.2 billion by 2027. 

According
to the summary of an IBISWorld report titled, Wood Framing in the US - Market Size, Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecasts (2024-2029), 
the wood framing market size in the U.S. is expected to be 27.5 billion in 2024. Since the wood structures could be replaced by cold-formed-steel
structures, INNO s target market size includes the wood-framing market. If we combined the US light gauge steel (which we estimate
to be currently at approximately 6 billion based on the projected market value of 7.2 billion by 2027) and wood framing market 27.5
billion) opportunities in 2024, we estimate it would amount to a 33.5 billion market opportunity in which INNO competes. 

Prefabricated
Building Market 

According
to the summary of an IBISWorld report titled, Prefabricated Home Manufacturing in the US market size (2024-2029), the prefabricated
home manufacturing market size in the U.S. is expected to be 13.3 billion in 2024. According to the report released by Global Industry
Analysts, Inc, titled Prefabricated Buildings - Global Strategic Business Report , the global prefabricated building market,
estimated at 117.4 billion in the year 2022, is projected to reach a revised size of 202.7 billion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 7.1 
over the analysis period of 2022 through 2030. According to Straits Research Institute, the U.S. modular home market is projected to
be valued at 53 billion in 2030. 

Prefabricated
houses are those that are built with the help of prefabricated building materials. These building materials are prefabricated in an off-site
facility and then transported to the desired location for assembly. The building materials used to develop prefabricated houses are divided
into concrete-based and metal-based materials. The market is being driven by factors such as shorter construction times and cost savings.
The market is also benefiting from increased customer interest in reducing CO2 emissions, green building, and waste reduction. 

Regulatory
and Governmental Pressures for Change 

President
Biden s Executive Order 14057 on the adoption of the federal Sustainable Development Catalyst for America s Clean Energy
Industry and Jobs and the accompanying federal Sustainable Development Plan establish the ambitious goal of achieving zero emissions
from building by 2045. The federal government will work on new construction, major renovations, and existing real estate to achieve linked
electrification, reduced energy use, lower water consumption and waste reduction. The federal government will develop data-driven targets
and annual indicators for energy and water reduction by 2030 based on leading performance benchmarks for building type categories and
the composition of institutional building portfolios. As part of this journey, the federal government will use performance contracts
to reduce emissions, improve efficiency, and modernize facilities while providing financial savings. 

In
2021, the Los Angeles City Council Public Safety Committee approved a proposal to expand Fire District I, an anachronistic planning overlay
that would effectively ban wood-frame building in much of the city. The motion currently winding its way through City Council would expand
Fire District I to neighborhoods with a population density of 5,000 residents per square mile, among other areas. With nearly all of
Los Angeles comfortably above 5,000 residents per square mile, this expansion would effectively ban timber and wood-frame building in
much of the city, including many rapidly growing neighborhoods near transit. 

5 

Sustainability
and Green Building 

Manufacturing
of materials for buildings and construction accounted for approximately 11 of global energy-related CO2 emissions in 2017 according
to the Global Status Report 2018, Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction International Energy Agency. Increased global
awareness of green building has driven efforts among all levels of government. For example, local governments are beginning to regulate
in favor of using alternatives to wood in building projects. To reduce the city s vulnerability to wildfires, the Los Angeles City
Council voted in early 2021 to explore a proposal that could prohibit the use of wood-frame building for larger developments in some
of its most densely populated neighborhoods. Similarly, the Los Angeles City Council Public Safety Committee approval of a proposal in
2021 to expand Fire District 1, an anachronistic planning overlay that would effectively ban wood-frame building in much of the city.
In most U.S. cities, fire safety is ensured by the International Building Code (IBC), which sets strict rules on allowable building materials
and methods. 

Cold-formed
steel framing CFS is a highly sustainable, green building solution. Through technological advances and processing changes,
steel has drastically reduced its carbon footprint. CFS boasts a high level of recyclability, energy savings and greenhouses gas reduction.
Due to its inherent advantages such as fire-resistance, termite resistance, consistent material quality and sustainability, we believe
cold-formed steel will be the optimal alternative building material. 

Marketing 

We
are an innovative building-technology company with a mission to transform the construction industry with our proprietary cold-formed
steel-framing technology and other innovations. While we have significant customer concentrations, we endeavor to broaden our customer
base as well as the industries we serve. Our marketing strategy is a long-term plan to achieve our Company s mission by understanding
the needs of customers and creating a distinct and sustainable competitive advantage. We position ourselves as the leader in intelligent
steel-framing building systems. We intend to leverage our marketing and sales efforts to establish new potential customers. We also intend
to leverage customer referrals, which in the past have been a source of new business. A significant portion of our business is the result
of competitive bidding processes, and a significant portion of our business is from contract negotiation. We believe that the reputation
we have developed with our current customers represents an important part of our marketing effort. 

Quotation
requests from customers are reviewed to determine the specific requirements and our ability to meet such requirements. Quotations are
prepared by estimating the material and labor costs and assessing our current production schedule to determine our delivery commitments.
Competitive bid quotations are submitted to the customer for review and award of the contract. 

We
have several strategic partners, including real estate companies, general contractors, builders and developers. Our strategic partners
connect our Company with potential customers who are either potential homeowners or developers. 

Through
the several architecture, builder and contractor associations that we have joined, we share the advantages of cold-formed steel framing
with others, and we educate and encourage construction industry practitioners to move out of their wood-framing comfort zone to embrace
steel-framing technology. 

We
have a digital market channel and a social media presence. Also, we are actively conducting market research to determine the viability
of our new products and new patents. We have increased our marketing budget and formed a professional sales team to increase our online
marketing, which we believe can help us grow our revenue. 

6 

Research
and Product Development/Innovations 

We
are a building technology company that is dedicated to research and product development innovation. Our scientists and engineers are
committed to developing sturdier steel studs, tracks, headers, and other components, resulting in superior strength while maintaining
the lowest costs possible. Our cold-formed roller machine is acquired from an original equipment manufacturer with certain modifications
to the standard version of the machine that are unique and proprietary to INNO. When we refer to our proprietary cold-formed
roller machines, we are referring to the modified machine with the intellectual property and process techniques we have developed. INNO
uses CAD (Computer Aided Design) technology to arrive at the most accurate, comprehensive and information-rich design model within its
parameters with the utilization of Vertex to ensure each member is produced to the exact specifications of called for in the design.
The digital model of the project includes all functional systems and aesthetics, such as electrical wiring, air conditioning, doors,
windows etc., as well as geometric features. It is a shared multi-disciplinary resource allowing all those working on a project to share
information and working processes in order to achieve maximum efficiency and effectiveness, thus reducing all phases design,
pre-construction and construction of the construction timeline. The platform gives us open communication, true collaboration,
and aligned understanding. Taken all together, INNO has created a full BIM solution that works together to inform our state of the art
light-gauge roll forming machines the instructions to automatically produce each steel framing member to exact specification. 

We
have continued making improvements to our cold-formed roller machines to optimally increase the printing speed. We are actively working
on a list of 100 potential patentable products. Our goal is to commercialize patents and technologies that we own. 

For
example, the CFS portal frame system invented by us could replace current shear wall systems to provide adequate lateral resistance against
strong winds and severe earthquakes. The standard lateral force resisting systems in light frame cold-formed steel building are shear
walls either sheathed by structural panels such as OSB, Plywood, and steel sheets or braced by steel straps. These systems require a
large amount interior walls to be load bearing walls which limits flexibility for room layout and may not support large openings for
windows and doors. The steel portal frame system is a novel long span framing system to replace the traditional hot-rolled structural
steel frame. The new technologies in the portal frame system include optimized stiffened holes on cold-formed steel frame members to
increase structural stability and span capacity and special moment joint technology using adhesive and rivet connections which enable
superior energy dissipation capacity and fast fabrication. 

This
new CFS moment frame does not require any interior shear walls for the Castor Cube, our modular home product. It will allow the Cube
to have various room layouts. The homeowners will also be able to change the room layout in the future. The new CFS moment frame can
also be used for long-span residential and mid-rise commercial buildings. The new technology should improve the structural integrity
of building structures, increase the lateral resistance, and lower the overall costs. 

Another
innovation, the cold-formed steel truss system, utilizes a strong axis of cold-formed steel stud members for both chords and webs which
allow longer spans and lighter weight than the conventional type trusses. The steel truss system has wide applications in storage and
education buildings. 

We
believe the steel truss system and steel portal framing system will also allow INNO to enter the high-rise commercial and large span
industrial building markets (Type I and Type II buildings) and deliver more competitive and cost-effective building structures than the
traditional structural steel frame and concrete masonry systems. 

Honeycomb
aluminum panel is a metal composite panel product series developed in combination with the composite honeycomb panel technology developed
by the aviation industry. The panel is a box-type structure with surrounding edges, which has good airtightness and improves the safety
and service life of the panel. The product adopts a honeycomb sandwich structure, that is, a composite plate made of high-strength
alloy aluminum plate coated with a decorative coating with excellent weather resistance as the surface, bottom plate and aluminum honeycomb
core through high temperature and high pressure. This product series has the advantages of excellent material selection, advanced technology,
and reasonable structure. It not only has excellent performance in large scale and flatness, but also has many choices in terms of shape,
surface treatment, color and installation system. This advanced technology enables the Company to manufacture high-strength and light-weight
wall panel products. These siding products have very flat surfaces and tightly controlled seam widths, which allow architects to design
very straight and beautiful walls with large panels. Except for certain technical restrictions, there is no standard size for honeycomb
aluminum panels, and all wall panels are factory-made according to design drawings. Our production method allows the panels to be highly
flexible in size and shape, such as curved panels and folded panels. This flexibility creates a complete and multi-functional highly
competitive wall panel system that can be installed on almost any joist and are extremely simple to install. 

7 

Revenue
Model 

Our
revenue model currently consists of sales of the following: 

Light-gauged
 studs and tracks; 

Prefabricated
 wall panels and trusses; 

Structure
 framing work on site; 

Services; 

Machine
 sales; and 

Replicable
Apartment product. 

Light-gauged
studs and tracks 

We
supply metal studs from 12GA to 24GA depending on the structure engineering requirements and city building codes. The model for selling
cold-formed steel studs and tracks is wholesale because it is business-to-business. Given the specific nature of our products, we do
not sell retail. Unlike traditional metal stud suppliers, whose products are made to stock with no consideration for engineer
design, our metal studs are typically made-to-order and customized for each project. 

Prefabricated
wall panels and trusses 

Prefabricated
wall panels and trusses are another option for customers. With these products, the customer can either choose to assemble the panels
themselves or include this prefab service in their contract with us. Most customers typically choose prefab service because of our skilled
team given that most wood framers are not familiar with steel framing. 

INNO
also has standardized modular wall products which could be used for all residential and commercial buildings. We design modular walls
in 20 specifications to cover different building requirements. Modular walls are made to stock products and participate
in both business-to-business and business-to-customer model channels. 

Structure
framing work on site 

Steel
structure installation on site is also an optional service. Depending on the project size and scope, we will provide on-site installation
service if customers requested. With our full turnkey solution, all elements of the project construction are included, not just the cold-formed
steel. This may include cabinetry and other items. In cases where the customer simply wants the framing, we bring our expertise in working
with steel to that portion of the project. We are in the process of reducing our on-site work offerings. 

S ervices 

Our
engineering services provide stamped and sealed structure design services by our in-house engineer team. Because of the specific nature
of our services, the rates vary case by case depending on the square footage and project complexity. Our engineer team will collaborate
with customer s architect, civil engineers, and MEP engineers to make sure the final structure design is city approved. To begin
the metal stud production, our engineer team also generates the shop drawings which is a digital file and readable by our intelligent
CNC machine. We also have another option where the customer may outsource the engineer service and contact INNO for metal stud production,
where we do not provide continuous services until the design is city approved. 

In
February 2024, we formed Inno AI Tech Corp., which specializes in research and consulting services. In 2024, we successfully supported
a client in establishing a steel technology company. The services included incorporation assistance, comprehensive training programs,
in-depth market research, and strategic business development guidance. This engagement generated consulting revenue of 205,000. The
revenue from the consulting service is recognized upon the described services be provided to customers. 

8 

Machine
sales 

We
may sell or lease our machines. We provide technical and design support at relatively low costs, including industry compliance license
and permits, as well as shop drawings and structural design. We also offer administration, operation, and management consulting support,
including directing and assisting factory set-up, operation procedures, equipment installation, machine maintenance, repairs, and efficiency
improvement. The training for such operations and installations are also provided. We will recommend, select, and advise pricings for
material suppliers and other vendors. 

Replicable
Apartment Product 

Our
flagship product within this series is Village 101, a smart senior living apartment comprising 155 units with a floor area of 110,000
square feet. The architectural plan package for Village 101 is complete and ready for implementation. The project is currently pending
for permits. Village 101 serves as a prototype building tech community, showcasing our innovative approach to senior living. 

Our
pipeline includes various apartment product options with different unit sizes, ranging from 15 to 150 units. These products are under
active research and development, with the aim of creating replicable housing complexes across the United States. By leveraging our expertise
in building technology and innovative design, we target to provide scalable and high-quality housing solutions that meet the evolving
needs of residents including but not limited to senior citizen, college students and Gen Z etc. 

Through
our revenue model, we anticipate generating sustainable income by catering to the demand for replicable apartment products. By expanding
our product line and continually advancing our research and development efforts, we aim to capture a significant market share in the
housing industry while delivering superior value to our clients. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of Sales primarily consist below components. 

Materials
 Rolled steel represents the single largest cost. We manage our relationship with suppliers (primarily US Steel) very adroitly
 by building in purchase orders and their associated costs to the customer to minimize our exposure to changes in steel prices for
 any specific project. We manage our purchases and deliveries as close to just in time as possible. 

Labor
 Labor is potentially the most variable component of cost of sales. We have a team of hourly workers who largely work onsite
 at the factory producing parts from raw steel and assembling them into prefabricated pieces to be delivered to job sites. Contractors
 are non-employee hourly workers who largely work in our turnkey projects. As-needed hourly labor is largely available in our markets. 

Freight
 and Shipping Our policy is to include any freight incurred to ship the product from our vendors to warehouses as a part of
 cost of goods sold. Outbound freight costs related to shipping costs to customers are considered periodic costs and are reflected
 in selling expenses. 

Other
Expenses 

Other
expenses are typically comprised of payroll of salaried and hourly workers. We pride ourselves on running lean and efficiently. We operate
in a business-friendly state with a large and available workforce. Rent, utilities, insurance, consulting service and other normal expenses
are all competitive in the commercial area where we are based. 

9 

Our
Growth Strategy 

We
seek to leverage the trend toward off-site and modular building techniques to increase productivity, reduce errors on-site, and decrease
costs. With both Castor Cube and Mobile Factory as our featured products in the coming years, we seek to become leaders in the industry.
As the market continues to move toward panelized construction, we seek to have an edge in the industry as a large-scale pioneer of the
overall cost-reducing process. 

INNO s
business growth strategy combines the following three parts: revenue growth strategy, profit growth strategy and technology growth strategy. 

Revenue
Growth Strategy 

Our
revenue growth strategy is composed of the following. 

Capacity
expansion and in-house research and development. We are expanding factory operations and manufacturing capabilities in line with
demand. We are also investing in R D to ensure a pipeline of competitive and innovative building-technology products. 

Multiple
products and services. We are in the process of developing the Castor Cube, a 743-square-foot modular house product with the goal
of mass producing. We are also working on developing Village 101, a smart senior living apartment comprising 155 units with a floor area
of 110,000 square feet. The architectural plan package for Village 101 is complete and awaits permits approval for implementation. We ve
expanded our business to include consulting services offered by our new entity-AI Tech Corp. 

Marketing
investment. We are in the process of optimizing our online sales and marketing efforts by recruiting marketing talent and engaging
consultants for marketing and promotional events. 

Potential
Acquisitions and investments. In accordance with our growth strategy, our company intends to pursue vertical integration by acquiring
or investing several companies operating within the construction industry in the United States. The objective of this vertical integration
is to strengthen our position as a prominent building-technology developer and expand our capabilities within the market. We will position
ourselves to offer a comprehensive range of solutions encompassing the entire building. The expanded scope of our offerings includes
prefab structure systems, centralized MEP (mechanical, electrical, plumbing) systems, integrated wall systems, integrated floor systems,
roofing systems, and prefab cabinets, sinks, and countertops. This integration allows us to deliver a single-cycle turnkey solution,
streamlining the traditional linear process employed by traditional developers. To fortify our supply chain and augment our capabilities,
we will consider the strategic acquisition or investment of construction vendors/suppliers. The targeted companies would include the
ones that enjoy the popularities in the industry, including but not limited to the companies that can supply the interior finish, exterior
wall panels, insulation materials and roof system etc. By incorporating the targeted companies into our operations, we will establish
a comprehensive one-stop-shop solution for the multi-family apartments, thereby further solidifying our market position and value proposition.
Consistent with our growth strategy, we are firmly committed to implementing a robust product life cycle management approach, encompassing
all stages from procurement to delivery. Through our pursuit of vertical integration and strategic acquisitions, we are poised for substantial
growth to assume a leadership role within the market. By expanding our product offerings, strengthening our supply chain, and cultivating
key partnerships, we are well-positioned to provide comprehensive building solutions that effectively meet the evolving needs of our
clients while concurrently driving revenue growth and delivering enhanced shareholder value. 

Profit
Growth Strategy 

Our
profit growth strategy is composed of the following. 

Improving
assembly automation. We plan to source and develop production robots and to expand automation where possible, to further increase
our production efficiency. 

Reducing
transportation costs by utilizing Mobile Factory. Our Mobile Factory is equipped with our proprietary machines and can be transported
to any jobsite. Mobile Factory utilizes Inno Statlink Data System which is ideal for remote production management. Mobile Factory saves
significant transportation costs and as such, our goal is to increase the use of Mobile Factory. 

10 

Optimizing
artificial intelligence design capabilities. We intend to optimize the artificial intelligence design capabilities by utilizing machine
learning to get the wisest structure supporting data and running several models for all types of walls. The model we tested could reduce
the raw materials used in different projects. 

Technology
Growth Strategy 

Our
technology growth strategy is composed of the following. 

Develop
EQ products to replace existing building materials with thinner and lighter products. We are developing technology in an effort to
replace existing building materials with thinner materials. Once this technology matures, it is expected to save approximately 10 in
raw materials. 

Develop
stainless steel as a building material for the high-end building market. We are developing technology to replace the current galvanized
steel sheets with stainless steel. The new patent pending material could be used in extreme climate conditions for high-end customers. 

Leverage
module wall technology to increase the range of applications. We are in the process of developing different types of module wall
products to expand our customer reach. 

Strategic
Partnerships 

We
have partnerships with at least 10 regional and national developers and builders. INNO s customers include national real-estate
developers and some local builders in both Texas and California. The regional/national developers and builders have a strong pipeline
of projects coming each year. Their project types cover residential, commercial, and industrial. They either intend to use steel framing
for structure or to develop land with Castor Cube and Village 101 projects, as their strategic partners, INNO will provide customized
offer and have higher probability to bid and win projects. The cold-formed steel framing business is categorized as business-to-business
model, and the Castor Cube as well as Village 101 projects will be either to business or to customers. 

Competitive
Outlook 

Lumber-Based
vs. Cold-Formed Steel 

Our
primary competitors (or segment with which we are most often compared) are traditional lumber-based building products solutions in certain
categories, particularly buildings below six floors and residential. The accessibility and proficiency in assembling lumber-based structures
can make practitioners in the construction industry unwilling to move out of the wood framing comfort zone. Further, lumber prices were
generally lower than the price of metal studs. The switch to cold-formed Steel is being driven by materials price and several market-based
advantages of steel. Steel is strong, safe, durable, versatile, and cost-effective. Steel has the exceptional environmental advantage
of being highly recycled and infinitely recyclable. Steel is tough and does not rot, spawl, split, or absorb moisture, and it is resistant
to pests, unlike wood building materials. 

Inherent
Benefits of Steel Framing 

Steel
 has the highest strength-to-weight ratio of any framing material. 

Non-combustible.
 Steel will not contribute fuel to the spread of fire. 

Steel
 is termite and rodent resistant. 

Steel
 ensures dimensional stability. Will not rot, warp, crack or shrink. 

Lower
 builder s risk insurance. 

Permanently
 straight walls. No call backs for nail pops. 

11 

No
 toxicity contribution. Free of resins, adhesives, and chemicals normally present in other framing material. 

Consistent
 material quality. No regional variation. 

Grounded
 against electrical storms. 

Steel
 is inorganic. Unlike traditional framing products, steel is not vulnerable to mold. 

Steel
 is the most recycled product in the world. Optimum sustainability. 

The
SFIA has conducted studies of construction costs in two different locations using two identical buildings one designed with wood
and the other with cold-formed steel (CFS) framing. The mixed-use, 49,900 square foot building used in the studies is representative
of many residential buildings constructed in the mid-rise market today and includes: 

A
 first floor non-combustible (concrete) podium with parking and retail space 

Residential
 dwellings on levels 2-5 

Roof-top/penthouse
 space atop level 5 housing building services. 

The
first location for the study was a building constructed in Chicago in late 2017. Results include hard construction costs only. In this
case, cold-formed steel cost 2.6 more than traditional wood construction. 

The
second location was in Morristown, New Jersey. It takes a deeper look at costs by including the impact of lower insurance premiums available
for CFS construction compared to combustible framing (wood). The insurance costs from major insurers operating in New Jersey were converted
to a cost per square foot and evaluated in terms of their impact on the overall building costs. In this case, cold-formed steel cost
0.9 more than traditional wood construction. 

The
two case studies mentioned above are taken from the official SFIA website. We believe INNO s product cost is less than that of
the preceding case studies, with the overall cost less than that of traditional wood. 

Others
Participating in Cold-formed Steel 

The
second category of competitors are divided into two groups: traditional manufacturers of metal studs and suppliers of cold-roller machines.
Traditional manufacturers, such as Clark Dietrich and CEMCO, pre-punch their metal studs with punchouts at regular intervals for pipe
installation, but the number of punchouts is fixed and not customized for each project. INNO employs proprietary software to calculate
the minimum punchouts for MEP pipe installation that are consistent with the architectural plan set to ensure the structure s load-bearing
capability to the greatest extent possible. The load-bearing capability gradually decreases as the number of punchouts increases. Traditional
steel framing manufacturers are unable to automatically make punchouts for screw holes, so manual drilling holes at the jobsite for metal
stud connections are still required. The screw holes are precisely located and punched by the INNO CNC machines. 

Screw
hole punchouts are left for panel assembly, and the stud spacing should be building code compliant. The number of screw holes for each
panel is calculated systematically, and the screws are included in the product package. We prefabricate the wall panels, joists, and
trusses in the factory, eliminating the need for on-site manual labor to measure stud intervals and drill holes for metal stud connection.
These two traditional metal studs profile manufacturers have a nationwide retail network that we cannot compete with. We are using the
Internet to increase the marginal effect of sales, and our future strategy is to use Internet sales to undermine traditional store-based
sales. 

In
the cold-formed roller machine market, FRAMECAD is a traditional LGS/CFS machine manufacturer. When compared to their LGS equipment,
INNO CNC machines manufacturing cost is approximately 50 less, based on our estimates. INNO CNC machines currently have three pending
patents, the CUBE 200 (Application number: 63437142), CUBE 300 (Application number: 63427583) and NEW OPTIMIZED DESIGN FOR ROLL FORMER
CNC MACHINE (Application number: 63427583). CUBE 200 is able to form C U type studs and tracks in the thickness of 16 gauge and
6 inches width studs. CUBE 300 is able to form C U type studs in the thickness of 12 gauge and 12 inches width studs. 

12 

In
addition, mobile factories are an important countermeasure to traditional equipment. We have developed a mobile factory for offsite production
of steel pieces and structures that compete in the traditional prefab and modular building markets. INNO differentiates itself from other
steel framing companies and cold-formed roller machine suppliers by integrating services ranging from metal stud manufacturing to prefabrication.
In this context, we distinguish ourselves through the technologies and innovations we bring to our process and methods for producing
structural components from rolled steel into useful pieces that assemble without error. 

3D
 Printing Technology 

Currently,
3D printing technology is widely used for prefab homes; however, cooling time is required for formation because the technical principle
is to melt the material and then wait for it to cool before settling. In contrast to other prefab home companies, which use 3D printing
technology, INNO uses our own cold-formed steel technology to ensure that there is no waiting time for structure formation. 3D printing
necessitates the use of unique liquid raw materials such as LAVACRETE and Light Stone Material (LSM), neither of which are easily accessible.
This could lead to supply chain disruptions and affect delivery time. Furthermore, steel is still commonly used to support the structure
of prefab homes, regardless of the manufacturing technology used. 

Safety
is an important factor to consider when choosing a prefab home. Since INNO s CASTOR CUBE uses steel structure entirely, which has
a high strength to weight ratio and good performance to resist disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes. The foldable prefab home
product manufactured by other company may not have the same level of disaster resistance as CASTOR CUBE. 

Castor
Cube plans to apply a patent for its utility hook-up system, which enables consumers to connect utility within one day. This is a unique
feature that can make the process of setting up a prefab home more convenient for consumers. It is also worth noting that according to
other prefab companies product introduction videos and their social media platforms, they all take around 48 hours to construct
a 350 square feet prefab home. 

With
the usage of INNO s patent pending honeycomb aluminum panels and Z-shaped pendant designed for replacing manual sheetrock installation,
we can significantly reduce the number of manufacturing steps and minimize manual labor. INNO is planning to set up an automatic streamline
to produce CASTOR CUBE. This will bring a significant increase in production capacity and it can help INNO to meet the growing demand
for prefab homes more efficiently. 

Government
Regulations 

Building
Codes 

Building
codes are laws that set minimum requirements for how structural systems, plumbing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning, natural
gas systems and other aspects of residential and commercial buildings should be designed and constructed. In the U.S., building codes
mostly fall under the purview of state and local governments. All metal studs used for building structures are required to pass inspections
in the jurisdiction they are located. We have ICC-ES evaluation reports (ESR-4641) that show that our cold-formed steel-framing members
are compliant with the 2018 and 2015 International Building Code IBC ), 2019 California Building Code CBC ),
and 2020 Florida Building Code FBC ). Because of the nature and use of our products, we need to be compliant with quality
assurance programs. 

Fire
safety is one critical area of the building codes. As fire codes become stricter in some geographical areas or specific types of structures,
our cold-formed steel materials are inherently non-combustible and therefore are advantaged over combustible alternatives. 

Environmental
Compliance 

We
are subject to U.S federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that involve the use, disposal and cleanup of substances
regulated by those laws and subject to periodic inspections to monitor our compliance. We believe that we are currently in compliance
with applicable environmental regulations. Expenditures for environmental compliance purposes during 2024 and 2023 were not material. 

13 

We
were given awards by the U.S. Green Building Council USGBC in 2020. Our manufacturing processes minimizes waste, prevents
pollution, and recycles wherever possible. Our manufacturing process manufactures special length products for all types of projects,
has self-contained building system solutions that do not rely on third-party suppliers, and designs products to fulfill the BCA Energy
Efficiency program. This compliance proves that we are a green company that meets basic environmental milestones and legal requirements. 

Occupational
Health and Safety Laws 

Our
business and operations are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations intended to protect our employees. Due
to the nature of manufacturing, we are subject to substantial regulations related to safety in the workplace. In addition to the requirements
of local and state governments in Texas, we must comply with federal health and safety regulations, the most significant of which are
enforced by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. 

Further,
our operations and facilities are subject to additional federal, state, or local laws or regulations, such as the COVID-19 safety and
prevention regulations. Our operations are also subject to federal, state, and local labor laws relating to employee privacy, wage and
hour matters, overtime pay, discrimination and harassment, equal opportunity and employee leave and benefits. 

It
is our policy and practice to comply with all legal and regulatory requirements and our procedures and internal controls are designed
to promote such compliance. Expenditures for compliance with occupational health and safety laws and regulations during 2024 and 2023
were not material. 

Human
Capital Resources 

The
success of our business depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, and develop a workforce of skilled employees at all
levels of our organization. We provide employees with base wages and salaries that we believe are competitive and consistent with each
employee s position. We also work with local, regional, and state-wide agencies to facilitate workforce hiring and development
initiatives. We had four and 11 full-time employees as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We also utilize at-will contractors
in our business. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had 11 and 18 at-will contractors employed, respectively. For the year ended September
30, 2024, the Company also engaged three consultants conducting marketing activities and promotional events. 

Intellectual
Property Matters 

Presently,
we have no registered intellectual property rights and trademarks. The trademarks application status of our name and other marketing
materials is pending. There are currently five pending patent applications and descriptions of each pending patent are as follows: 

New
 optimized design for Roll Former CNC machine that efficiently produces C U type studs and tracks to be used in building high
 quality, quick erection structures. (Application number: 63427583) 

Cube
 200, which is a new optimized design for a Roll Former CNC machine that efficiently produces C U type studs and tracks to be
 used in building high quality, quick erection structures. (Application number: 63437142) 

Z-shaped
 pendant for castor exterior wall to replace the Z-shaped pendant for sheetrock with honeycomb aluminum plate. (Application number:
 63434155) 

Cube
 300, which is a new optimized design for a Roll Former CNC machine that efficiently produces C U type studs and tracks to be
 used in building high quality, quick erection structures. (Application number: 63437143) 

Aluminum
 honeycomb plate for interior wall construction. (Application number: 63367663) 

14 

In
the course of our business, we develop expertise in the manufacturing process. Although we have non-disclosure policies in place with
respect to our personnel and in our contractual relationships, we cannot assure you that we will be able to protect our intellectual
property rights with respect to this expertise. 

Corporate
Structure 

Our
Company, INNO HOLDINGS INC., was incorporated in Texas on September 8, 2021. It originally had three subsidiaries, Inno Metal Studs Corp IMSC ), Castor Building Tech LLC CBT ), and Inno Research Institute LLC IRI ). 

On
January 21, 2024, the Company established Inno Disrupts Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary in Texas. The purpose of Inno Disrupts Inc. is
to remodel buildings using the Company s framing steel products, enhance producing and marketing capabilities, manage the designated
buildings in US, and other activities. 

On
January 27, 2024, the Company and the minority shareholder of IRI agreed to dissolve IRI, a subsidiary of IMSC with 65 ownership. The
R D activities previously carried out by IRI will be transferred to the new subsidiary, Inno AI Tech Corp. 

On
February 11, 2024, the Company formed Inno AI Tech Corp., a wholly owned entity in Texas to conduct AI tech research and consulting activities. 

Below
is the corporate structure of the Company as of December 6, 2024: 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive office is located at 2465 Farm Market 359 South, Brookshire, TX 77423. Our corporate website address is https://www.innoholdings.com .
Our telephone number is (800) 909-8800. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information
in this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

We
acknowledge the increasing importance of cybersecurity in today s digital and interconnected world. Cybersecurity threats pose
significant risks to the integrity of our systems and data, potentially impacting our business operations, financial condition and reputation. 

15 

As
a smaller reporting company, we currently do not have formalized cybersecurity measures, a dedicated cybersecurity team or specific protocols
in place to manage cybersecurity risks. Our approach to cybersecurity is in the developmental stage, and we have not yet conducted comprehensive
risk assessments, established an incident response plan or engaged with external cybersecurity consultants for assessments or services. 

Given
our current stage of cybersecurity development, we have not experienced any significant cybersecurity incidents to date. However, we
recognize that the absence of a formalized cybersecurity framework may leave us vulnerable to cyberattacks, data breaches and other cybersecurity
incidents. Such events could potentially lead to unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, sensitive information, disrupt our business
operations, result in regulatory fines or litigation costs and negatively impact our reputation among customers and partners. 

We
are in the process of evaluating our cybersecurity needs and developing appropriate measures to enhance our cybersecurity posture. This
includes considering the engagement of external cybersecurity experts to advise on best practices, conducting vulnerability assessments
and developing an incident response strategy. Our goal is to establish a cybersecurity framework that is commensurate with our size,
complexity and the nature of our operations, thereby reducing our exposure to cybersecurity risks. 

In
addition, the Board will oversee any cybersecurity risk management framework and a dedicated committee of the Board or an officer appointed
by the Board will review and approve any cybersecurity policies, strategies and risk management practices. 

Despite
our efforts to improve our cybersecurity measures, there can be no assurance that our initiatives will fully mitigate the risks posed
by cyber threats. The landscape of cybersecurity risks is constantly evolving, and we will continue to assess and update our cybersecurity
measures in response to emerging threats. 

For
a discussion of potential cybersecurity risks affecting us, please refer to the Risk Factors section of our Registration
Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2023 titled Our systems and information
technology infrastructure may be subject to security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease our principal executive offices which are located at 2465 Farm Market 359 South, Brookshire, TX 77423. The lease for this principal
Executive Office had a 60-month term beginning on December 1, 2019 and ending on December 31, 2024. On January 1, 2024, this facility
lease was terminated without penalty and a new lease agreement was entered with the landlord. The new lease term is from January 1, 2024
to January 1, 2027, with a monthly rent of 18,000. The facility consists of 15,000 square feet of indoor space and 2.5 acres of concrete
slab in the yard. On February 1, 2024, a mutual amendment to the lease agreement was executed. Under the terms of the amendment, we opted
to prepay the lease payments covering the period up to December 31, 2026, with the due date set for April 1, 2024. This prepayment arrangement
secures a rent-free period for the final year of the lease, spanning the entirety of 2027. 

We
had also entered into a lease agreement for office and production space in Corona, California with a term from May 1, 2022 until April
30, 2027 at a rate of 6,617 to 7,740 per month. In August 2023, we relocated our California office from Corona to Diamond Bar. We were
obligated to pay the monthly rent for the office in Corona until February 1, 2024 when the landlord found a new lessee to occupy the
facility. The lease in Diamond Bar, California has a term of 24 months from August 18, 2023 to August 17, 2025 at a rate of 4,730 to
 4,926 per month. Subsequently on October 28, 2024, the lease in Diamond Bar was ended and assigned to a nonprofit organization. 

These
lease agreements contain standard commercial lease terms including but not limited to provisions regarding utilities, alterations, maintenance
and repair, insurance and indemnification. 

We
believe that our current leased property is in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings, investigations or claims. From time to time, we involve in legal matters
arising in the ordinary course of our business. There can be no assurance that such matters will not arise in the future or that any
such matters in which we are involved, or which may arise in the ordinary course of our business, will not at some point proceed to litigation
or that such litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

We
have our common stock listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol INHD . 

Holders 

As
of December 6, 2024, there were approximately 25 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater
than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by
brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by
other entities. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company effected a forward stock split (the Stock Split of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares of the common stock at a split ratio of 2-for-1. Further on July 24, 2023, the Company effected a reverse stock split (the Reverse
Stock Split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of the common stock at a split ratio of 1-for-2 such that every
holder of common stock of the Company shall receive one share of common stock for every two shares of common stock held and to reduce
the number of authorized shares of common stock from 200,000,000 to 100,000,000. Shortly after the Reverse Stock Split, the Board of
Directors of the Company approved issuance of additional shares to preserve the original purchase price per share of the shares sold
in the period from February 1 to June 30, 2023. 

On
October 9, 2024, the Company completed a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock, no par value, (the
 Reverse Stock Split ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each share of common stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to October 9, 2024 were automatically converted into one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock. The Common Stock began trading
on a Reverse Stock Split-adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market on October 10, 2024. The trading symbols for the Common Stock remains
 INHD . The Reverse Stock Split did not reduce the number of authorized shares of Common Stock and did not change the par
value of the Common Stock. The Reverse Stock Split affected all stockholders uniformly. Except to the extent that the Reverse Stock Split
resulted in the stockholders fractional shares being rounded up, no other effects affect stockholder s ownership percentage
of the Company s shares of Common Stock. 199,787 fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. 

All
common share and per-share amounts in this Form 10-K have been retroactively restated to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split. 

17 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared any cash dividends since inception, and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Instead,
we anticipate that all of our earnings will be used to provide working capital, to support our operations, and to finance the growth
and development of our business. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings; capital
requirements; financial condition; prospects; applicable Texas law, which provides that dividends are only payable out of surplus or
current net profits; and other factors our Board might deem relevant. There are no restrictions that currently limit our ability to pay
dividends on our common stock other than those generally imposed by applicable state law. 

Transfer
Agent 

VStock
Transfer, LLC., 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the period from October 1, 2022 to September 30, 2024, we have granted or issued the following securities that were not registered under
the Securities Act: 

(a) 
 Issuance
 of common stock. 

On
 December 3, 2022, the Company issued 14,286 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor at 35 per share for 500,000 in
 cash. 

On
 March 13, 2023, the Company issued 2,703 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor at 37 per share for 100,000 in cash. 

On
 April 25, 2023, The Company issued 7,895 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor at 38 per share for 300,000 in cash. 

On
 June 20, 2023, the Company issued 1,316 shares of its common stock for a total value of 50,000 for services to be rendered during
 next twelve months by the immediate relative of the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

On
 June 20, 2023, the Company issued 1,974 shares of its common stock for a total value of 75,000 for services to be rendered during
 next twelve months by one nonemployee contractor. These shares were valued at 38 per share. 

On
 July 24, 2023, the Company issued 1,352 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for no additional consideration following
 the Company s previously disclosed reverse stock split in July 2023. 

On
 July 24, 2023, the Company issued 3,947 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for no additional consideration following
 the Company s previously disclosed reverse stock split in July 2023. 

On
 July 24, 2023, the Company issued 658 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for no additional consideration following
 the Company s previously disclosed reverse stock split in July 2023. 

On
 July 24, 2023, the Company issued 987 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for no additional consideration following
 the Company s previously disclosed reverse stock split in July 2023. 

On
 July 24, 2023, the Company issued 7,143 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for no additional consideration following
 the Company s previously disclosed reverse stock split in July 2023. 

On
January 1, 2024, the Company granted 5,000 shares to one advisory firm for a total value of 72,000 for advisory services to be rendered
during next twelve months. The advisory firm helps and supports the Company in the capital market, including developing capital market
strategies, sourcing different providers including investment banks and underwriters, etc. These shares were issued by the transfer agent
on July 15,2024 and valued at 14 per share. 

18 

The
issuance of the common stock in private placements was deemed exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or
Regulation D promulgated thereunder in that the issuance of securities were made to an accredited investor and did not involve a public
offering. The recipient of such securities represented its intention to acquire the securities for investment purposes only and not with
a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. 

(b) 
 Warrants. 

On
 December 18, 2023, the Company issued warrants to AC Sunshine Securities LLC, the underwriter of its IPO (as defined below), to purchase
 up to 20,125 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 48 per share. 

Use
of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering of Common Stock 

On
December 18, 2023, we closed our initial public offering (the IPO ), in which we sold and issued 250,000 shares of our common
stock at a price to the public of 40 per share. We received approximately 7,859,533 in aggregate net proceeds from our IPO after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. AC Sunshine Securities LLC was the underwriter of our IPO. 

The
offer and sale of all of the shares of our common stock in our IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-273429), which was declared effective by the SEC on November 9, 2023. 

As
of January 11, 2023, we have used approximately 0.9 million of the net proceeds from our IPO for working capital and general corporate
purposes. There has been no material change in our planned use of the net proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus
filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act with the SEC on December 4, 2023. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

Neither
we nor any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act, purchased any of our equity securities
during the period covered by this annual report. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

The
information required by this Item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item
12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical consolidated financial
information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results
could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 

Overview 

We
are a building technology company that primarily manufactures cold-formed-steel members and offers a full range of services required
to transform raw materials into precise steel framing products and prefabricated homes. We transform raw material (coils of rolled steel
of various gauges and other materials) through our proprietary technologies to cut, punch and bend the steel into members or other components.
These work-in-process components are further processed into finished products which are used in a variety of building types, including
residential, commercial, industrial, and infrastructure. At each stage of the process, we are adding value to the original rolled steel
(and other materials) to its final assembled use by businesses or directly to customers. 

19 

Our
largest commodity expense is our primary raw material rolled steel in various gauges and widths. Like any commodity, steel is
subject to supply/demand-based price fluctuations which can have an impact on the profitability of our business if prices change between
the time we enter into a contract with a customer to deliver finished goods and the time the steel is purchased from the mill. We seek
to mitigate our exposure to steel price fluctuations in two ways: 

Entering fixed price forward contracts with steel mills/suppliers
for delivery in the future so that our bids for customer contracts have known pricing for the steel. This is particularly useful in larger
projects that involve delivery of product over many months. 

Maintaining an approximately three-month inventory of our most
actively used rolled steel coils (defined by width and gauge). This inventory requires an active forward-looking assessment of steel
needs to meet expected demand. Maintaining inventory is a real financial exposure especially during periods of pricing volatility. 

Beyond
our manufacturing operations, we offer consulting services to support clients in developing their own building technology companies.
Our subsidiary- Inno AI Tech Corp., formed in February 2024, specializes in providing research, consulting, incorporation assistance,
training, market research, and business development guidance. In 2024, we successfully assisted a client in establishing a new steel
technology company. 

Key
Factors Affecting our Performance 

As
a result of a number of factors, our historical results of operations may not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods,
and our results of operations may not be directly comparable from period to period. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the key
factors impacting our results of operations. 

Inflation 

Prices
of certain commodity products, including raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes
in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, trade restrictions
and tariffs. Increasing prices of the component materials for parts of our goods may impact the availability, quality and price of our
products as suppliers search for alternatives to existing materials and increase the prices they charge. Our suppliers may also fail
to provide consistent quality of product as they may substitute lower cost materials to maintain pricing levels. Rapid and significant
changes in commodity prices may negatively affect our profit margins, and it may be difficult to mitigate worsened margins through customer
pricing actions and cost reduction initiatives. 

Interest
Rates 

Rising
interest rates have also resulted in a shift in institutional holdings away from micro-cap equities, which has negatively influenced
our stock s trading volume. We continue to forge relationships with institutional investors and analysts in order to maintain a
healthy trading volume. 

Geopolitical
Conditions 

In
February 2022, Russia initiated significant military action against Ukraine. In response, the U.S. and certain other countries imposed
significant sanctions and export controls against Russia, Belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian
political, business, and financial organizations, and the U.S. and certain other countries could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions,
and other retaliatory actions should the conflict continue or worsen. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of these
conflicts, including related geopolitical tensions, and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and other countries in
respect thereof as well as whether any counter measures or retaliatory actions in response, including, for example, potential cyberattacks
or the disruption of energy exports, are likely to cause regional instability and geopolitical shifts, which could materially adversely
affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional economies and the global economy. These situations remain uncertain, and while
it is difficult to predict the impact of any of the foregoing, the conflicts and actions taken in response to these conflicts could increase
our costs, reduce our sales and earnings, impair our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all,
or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

20 

In
addition, while we do not have any direct operations or significant sales in the Middle East nor Africa, geopolitical tensions and ongoing
conflicts in these regions, particularly in Gaza, northern Israel and southern Lebanon, the Red Sea, Sudan, and Ethiopia, may lead to
further global economic instability and fluctuating energy prices that could materially affect our business. It is not possible to predict
the broader consequences of these conflicts, including related geopolitical tensions, and the measures and actions taken by other countries
in respect thereof, which could materially and adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional economies and the global
economy. While it is difficult to predict the impact of any of the foregoing, these conflicts may increase our costs, disrupt our supply
chain, reduce our sales and earnings, impair our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Results
of Operation 

The
following table presents certain Consolidated statement-of-operations information and presentation of that data as a percentage of change
from year to year. 

For
the Years Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenue - products 
 395,495 
 799,747 
 -51 
 
 Revenue - consulting services 
 205,000 
 - 
 100 
 
 Revenue License income 
 285,000 
 - 
 100 
 
 Total Revenue 
 885,495 
 799,747 
 11 
 
 Costs of materials and labor 
 409,169 
 1,255,315 
 -67 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (exclusive of items shown separately below) 
 3,678,866 
 2,191,043 
 68 
 
 Impairment loss 
 23,911 
 - 
 100 
 
 Depreciation 
 87,116 
 69,437 
 25 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 59,935 
 1,267,960 
 -95 
 
 Operating loss 
 (3,373,502 
 (3,984,008 
 -15 
 
 Other income (expenses) 
 123,175 
 (39,196 
 -414 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (3,250,327 
 (4,023,204 
 -19 
 
 Income tax expense 
 800 
 - 
 100 
 
 Net loss 
 (3,251,127 
 (4,023,204 
 -19 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 (37,298 
 (127,426 
 -71 
 
 Net loss attributable to INNO HOLDINGS INC. 
 (3,213,829 
 (3,895,778 
 -18 

Revenues 

Total
revenue for the year ended September 30, 2024 increased 11 to 885,495 in comparison to the year ended September 30, 2023. 

21 

In
February 2024, we started our second revenue stream by offering consulting service through our newly formed subsidiary, Inno AI Tech
Corp. Throughout the year, we successfully supported a client in establishing a steel technology company. Our services included incorporation
assistance, comprehensive training programs, in-depth market research, and strategic business development guidance. This engagement generated
consulting revenue of 205,000. During the fourth quarter of 2024, we entered into a one-time licensing agreement with an individual
and his startup company. This agreement provided them with a license to utilize our logo, technology, trademarks and other intellectual
property for the purpose of startup operations and marketing development. The agreement generated 285,000 in licensing income. 

Our
product revenue decreased 51 to 395,495 in comparison to 799,747 for the year ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily
due to the various statuses and stages of projects. To mitigate collection issues, the Company has focused on developing relationships
with larger customers. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company has been working on obtaining permits for large projects
and exploring new business opportunities with larger customers. 

Our
backlog as of September 30, 2024 was approximately 14,000,000 to 19,000,000. The range of backlog amount is comprised of all remaining
payments related to our signed customer contracts and estimation of order adjustments. The timing of revenue recognition from these contracts
is subject to variation based on each project s permit status and construction progress. These signed contracts included an agreement,
amount of 15,875,800, with Vision Opportunity Fund LP (assigned to Vision 101) partially owned by one of our shareholders. None of the
contract amount has been delivered to Vision 101 or recognized as revenue as of September 30, 2024. 

Our
revenues are significantly impacted by demand for residential and commercial buildings, economic conditions including interest rates
and costs of labor, materials and other variables that impact the cost of our finished goods. We cannot ensure that growth will continue,
and our business may be adversely affected by negative overall economic conditions currently being experienced. 

Costs
of Materials and Labor 

Costs
of materials and labor include raw materials (primarily rolled steel) and direct labor in the processing of raw materials through the
manufacturing process. Costs of materials and labor for the year ended September 30, 2024 was 409,169 compared to 1,255,315 for the
year ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the Cost of Goods Sold (COGS), pertaining to materials and labor, is predominantly due
to the decrease in product sales volume. 

The
primary cost of consulting service revenue in fiscal year 2024 was the payroll expense for office employees, which is included in selling,
general, and administrative expenses. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2024, increased 68 to 3,678,866 in comparison to 2,191,043 for
the comparable period in 2023. This increase was primarily driven by higher overhead costs, including rent, payroll, insurance, consulting
and professional fees, marketing, and promotional expenses. These additional expenses were incurred to support our growth in the consulting
business and comply with the regulatory requirements of a public company. 

Bad
debt expense 

Bad
debt expense decreased by 1,208,025 for the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. We estimated the credit
losses based on each customer s financial situation, project status and the outstanding days of the accounts receivable balance.
Starting prior year, we strengthened our risk control of accounts receivable and reduced the days outstanding for accounts receivable
by discontinuing business with smaller customers with high credit risk. Most of our current customers adhere to a 30-day payment term.
For the current year s transactions, we have maintained a high collection rate. 

Operating
Loss 

Operating
loss was 3,373,502 for the year ended September 30,2024, in comparison to an operating loss of 3,984,008 for the comparable period
in 2023. The increase in operating loss was primarily attributed to the lower revenue and increased expenses offset by the decrease in
bad debt expense, as discussed above. 

22 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other
income for the year ended September 30, 2024, was 123,175, in comparison to other expenses of 39,196 for the comparable period in 2023.
The increase in other income was primarily due to interest earned on bank deposits of 76,047, supporting services provided to a customer
of 104,674, and offset by settlements with former lessor, customers and subcontractor. Other expenses for the year ended September 30,
2023, were primarily attributable to loan interest. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the year ended September 30, 2024 was 3,251,127, in comparison to a net loss of 4,023,204 for the year ended September 30,
2023. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to changes in revenue, costs, expenses and other income (expense) as outlined above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we primarily funded our operations with cash generated from operations, private and public
shares offering, as well as through borrowing under our revolving line of credit, a long term promissory note, and related parties. We
had cash of 1,526,661 as of September 30, 2024 compared to 4,898 of cash as of September 30, 2023. The cash increase was primarily
due to the proceeds from the initial public offering closed in December 2023 and offset by the cash usage in operating and investing
activities during the periods ended September 30, 2024. 

The
Company has participated in several private-placement offerings. On December 3, 2022, we closed on a private-placement offering pursuant
to which we sold to an accredited investor an aggregate of 500,000 in common stock, at a purchase price of 35 per share. On March 13,
2023, we closed on a private-placement offering pursuant to which we sold to an accredited investor an aggregate of 100,000 in common
stock, at a purchase price of 37 per share. On March 29, 2023, we closed on a private-placement offering pursuant to which we sold to
an accredited investor an aggregate of 300,000 in common stock, at a purchase price of 38 per share. The offerings were completed pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Rule 506(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On
December 18, 2023, the Company successfully closed the initial public offering with net proceeds of 8 million. 

We
do not believe the cash and cash equivalents on hand as of September 30, 2024 of 1,526,661 will be sufficient to fund our operations
and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months from the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. We will
be required to raise additional capital to continue to fund operations and capital expenditure. The uncertainties surrounding our ability
to access capital when needed creates substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Based on our need to raise
additional funds to implement our business plans for the next twelve months, we have included a discussion concerning the presentation
of our financial statements on a going concern basis in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. We will be required in the
near future to issue debt or sell our Company s equity securities in order to raise additional cash, although there are no firm
arrangements in place for any such financing at this time. We cannot provide any assurances as to whether we will be able to secure the
necessary financing, or the terms of any such financing transaction if one were to occur. The failure to secure such financing could
severely curtail our plans for future growth or in more severe scenarios, the continued operations of our Company. 

On
October 31, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain investors to issue and sell 500,000 shares of
its common stock at a price of 4.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 2,000,000. 

On
November 13, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with nine non-U.S. investors to issue and sell an aggregate
of 729,167 shares of common stock in a private placement offering at a price per share of 4.80, for total proceeds of approximately
 3.5 million. 

23 

Working
Capital 

As
of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our working capital (deficit) was 975,755 and (2,913,827), respectively. The historical
seasonality in our business during the year can cause cash and cash equivalents, inventory, and accounts payable to fluctuate, resulting
in changes in our working capital. 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2024 was 5,075,412 compared to 1,225,941 of net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended September 30, 2023. The increase of net cash usage in operating activities was mainly due to a 128,733
increase of loss with non-cash reconciling items adjustment and a 3,720,738 increase of working capital outflow. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 5,075,412, primarily driven by the net loss of 3,251,127,
partially offset by non-cash items of 599,057 and working capital used cash of 2,423,342, which was primarily driven by a 322,739
increase of prepayments and other current assets, including prepaid insurance and prepayments to service suppliers, a 547,568 decrease
in unearned revenue, a 729,359 decrease in operating lease liabilities and a 843,694 decrease in accounts payable, accounts payable
- related party, and other current liabilities. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 1,225,941, primarily driven by the net loss of 4,023,204,
partially offset by non-cash items of 1,499,867, which mainly included bad debt expense of 1,267,960. Working capital provided cash
of 1,297,396, which was primarily driven by a 936,098 increase in unearned revenue, a 325,951 increase in accounts payable, accounts
payable - related party, operating lease liabilities and other current liabilities, a 468,895 decrease in account receivable, a 79,457
decrease of prepayments and other current assets, and partially offset by a 64,389 increase in inventories and a 538,765 increase in
deferred offering costs. 

Investing
Activities 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net cash used in investing activities was primarily the result of additions to property and
equipment of 559,629 and 244,899, respectively, which are mainly related to the additions of machinery, tools, motor vehicles, and
leasehold improvements. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 7,144,235 and 1,425,110, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to the 8,450,000 net cash from the initial
public offering, offset by 740,000 payment of short-term loans, 503,372 repayment to related parties, 49,393 payments of notes payable,
and an aggregate amount payment of 13,000 for the assumption of the Warrants. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to the 900,000 proceeds from stock issuance,
 627,000 proceeds from related parties, 230,000 proceeds from short-term loans and offset by 150,000 payment of short-term loans, 134,861
repayment to related parties, and 47,029 payments of notes payable. 

24 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimate 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions,
and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Note 2 Basis
of Presentation and Summary of significant accounting policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part
II, Item 8 of our most recently filed Form 10-K, describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of
the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our critical accounting estimates, identified in Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our most recently filed Form 10-K, include the discussion of estimates
used for revenue recognition, inventory valuation, going concern assessment, and our provision for income taxes. Such accounting estimates
require significant judgments and assumptions to be used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this
Form 10-Q, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported. 

New
Accounting Standards 

From
time to time, the FASB or other standards-setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification are communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update. To understand the impact of recently issued guidance,
whether adopted or to be adopted, please review the information provided in Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of significant
accounting policies, Recently issued but not yet adopted accounting pronouncements , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued guidance,
whether adopted or to be adopted in the future, is not expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements upon
adoption. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

25 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements as of and for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID# 
 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID# (0 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 Inno
Holdings Inc. 

 Brookshire,
TX 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined
that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
 (PCAOB
ID: 2485) 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

December
9, 2024 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of INNO HOLDINGS INC. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of INNO HOLDINGS INC. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30,
2023 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended September
30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30,
2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2
to the consolidated financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
served as the Company s auditor from 2022 to 2024. 

January
16, 2024 

F- 3 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash
 equivalent 

Accounts receivable, net 
 - 

Inventories 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Prepayments
 and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current assets 

ROU assets 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Other
 non-current assets 

Total
 non-current assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable 
 related party 
 - 

Accounts payable 
 - 

Unearned revenue 

Other payables and accrued
 liabilities 

Other payables 
 related party 

Other payables 

Short-term loan payable 

Lease liability 
 current 

Long-term
 notes payable current portion 

Total
 current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Notes payable 

Lease
 liability non-current 
 - 

Total
 non-current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and contingency 

F- 4 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 

September
 30, 2024
 
 September
 30, 2023 
 
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding on September 30, 2024 and September
 30, 2023 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 equity (deficit) 

Total
 liabilities and equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 

For
 the Years Ended 
 September
 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue
 - products 

Revenue
 - consulting services 
 
 - 
 
 Revenue
 licensing income 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Revenue 

COSTS
 AND EXPENSES: 

Costs
 of materials and labor 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses (exclusive of expenses shown separately below) 

Impairment
 loss 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Bad
 debt expense 

Total
 costs and expenses 

LOSS
 FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER
 INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest
 income (expenses), net 

Other
 non-operating income (expense) 

Total
 other income (expenses), net 

LOSS
 BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION
 FOR INCOME TAXES 
 
 - 
 
 NET
 LOSS 

Non-controlling
 interest 

NET
 LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO INNO HOLDINGS INC. 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON STOCK 

Basic
 and Diluted 

LOSSES
 PER SHARE 

Basic
 and Diluted 

Adjusted retroactively for
 reverse stock split that occurred on October 9, 2024, see Note 2. The computation of basic and diluted Losses Per Share were retroactively
 adjusted for all periods presented. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 interest 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Non- controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2022 

Net loss 

Shares issued for cash 

Shares
 issued for service 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Balance 

Net loss 

Shares issued upon IPO
 completion 

Disposal of subsidiary 

Warrants assumption 

Shares issued for service 

Fractional
 shares round up due to reverse stock split 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2024 
 2023 

For
 the Years Ended September
 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock-based compensation
 expense 

Non-cash operating lease
 expense 

Bad debt expense 

Loss from settlement 

Fixed assets disposal loss 

Subsidiary disposal loss 

Impairment loss 

Change in operating assets
 and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable 
 related party 

Inventories 

Deferred offering costs 

Prepayments and other current
 assets 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable 
 related party 

Unearned revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Other
 non-current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Fixed assets additions 

Proceed
 from fixed assets disposal 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from related parties 

Payments to related parties 

Proceeds from short-term
 loans 

Payments to short-term
 loans 

Payment to long-term note 

Warrants assumption 

Shares
 issued for cash 

Net cash provided by financing
 activities 

CHANGES IN CASH 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT,
 beginning of period 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT, ending of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash
 paid for income tax 

Cash paid for interest 

Noncash deferred offering
 costs offset to APIC upon IPO completion 

Right-of-use assets obtained
 in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Deposit applied to lease
 liability 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 8 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the equity interest in CBT. On October 16, 2023, the Company and the noncontrolling interest parties reached a new ownership
agreement that the Company s ownership increased to . According to the new ownership agreement, the ownership percentage change
is retroactively effective from January 18, 2022. The impact of historical noncontrolling interest allocation from this ownership percentage
change is immaterial. 

Effective
as of January 21, 2022, the Company acquired of the ordinary shares of Inno Metal Studs Corp. IMSC ), a Texas corporation
incorporated on October 31, 2019. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement with IMSC s former sole owner and CEO of
the Company, Mr. Dekui Liu, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Mr. Dekui Liu in exchange for his ownership
in IMSC. Upon completion of the transaction, IMSC became a owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Inno
Research Institute LLC IRI ), a Texas limited liability company incorporated on September 8, 2021, is a owned subsidiary
of IMSC. On January 27, 2024, IRI was voluntarily terminated and resulted in a disposal loss of . The R D activities carried
out by IRI will be transferred to Inno AI Tech Corp, a new subsidiary of the Company. 

On
January 21, 2024, the Company established Inno Disrupts Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary in Texas. The purpose of Inno Disrupts Inc. is
to remodel buildings using the Company s framing steel products, enhance producing and marketing capabilities, manage the designated
buildings in US, and other activities. 

On
February 11, 2024, the Company formed Inno AI Tech Corp., a wholly owned entity to conduct AI tech research and consulting activities. 

Further on July 24, 2023, the Company effected a reverse stock split (the Reverse
Stock Split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of the common stock at a split ratio of 1-for-2 such that every
holder of common stock of the Company shall receive one share of common stock for every two shares of common stock held and to reduce
the number of authorized shares of common stock from to . Shortly after the Reverse Stock Split, the Board of
Directors of the Company approved issuance of additional shares to preserve the original purchase price per share of the shares sold
in the period from February 1 to September 30, 2023. 

As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, each share of common stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to October 9, 2024 were automatically converted into one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock. The Common Stock began trading
on a Reverse Stock Split-adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market on October 10, 2024. The trading symbols for the Common Stock remains
 INHD . The Reverse Stock Split did not reduce the number of authorized shares of Common Stock and did not change the par
value of the Common Stock. The Reverse Stock Split affected all stockholders uniformly. Except to the extent that the Reverse Stock Split
resulted in the stockholders fractional shares being rounded up, no other effects affect stockholder s ownership percentage
of the Company s shares of Common Stock. fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. 

All
common share and per-share amounts in this Form 10-K have been retroactively restated to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split. 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of significant accounting policies (cont.) 

, which is currently the maximum
amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for interest bearing accounts (there is currently no insurance limit for
deposits in noninterest bearing accounts). The Company has not experienced any losses with respect to cash. Management believes the Company
is not exposed to any significant credit risk with respect to its cash. 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of significant accounting policies (cont.) 

or
liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the
following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following
levels: 

Level
 1 
 Inputs
 are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date; 

Level
 2 
 Inputs
 are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices for identical
 or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
 market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and 

Level
 3 
 Unobservable
 inputs that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities that are supported by little or no
 market data. 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of significant accounting policies (cont.) 

If
the estimated realizable value of the inventory is less than cost, the Company makes provisions in order to reduce its carrying value
to its estimated net realizable value. The Company regularly assesses its inventory for obsolescence and records an allowance only when
the inventory is no longer suitable for reproduction. The Company s inventory generally has a long-life cycle and does not become
obsolete quickly. 

years 
 
 Office
 equipment 

years 
 
 Motor
 vehicles 

years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 the
 shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvements 

Expenditures
for renewals and betterments are capitalized while repairs and maintenance costs are normally charged to the statement of operations
in the year in which they are incurred. In situations where it can be clearly demonstrated that the expenditure has resulted in an increase
in the future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of the asset, the expenditure is capitalized as an additional cost
of the asset. 

Upon
sale or disposal of an asset, the historical cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization of such asset were removed from
their respective accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in the statements of income. 

The
Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition.
In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to an
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects of obsolescence, demand,
competition and other economic factors. Based on this assessment, the Company recorded impairment loss during the year ended
September 30, 2024 to write down the leasehold improvement balance as a result of the early termination of the lease in Corona CA. No 
impairment expenses for property and equipment were recorded during the year ended September 30, 2023. 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of significant accounting policies (cont.) 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of significant accounting policies (cont.) 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of significant accounting policies (cont.) 

Less: allowance for credit
 losses 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net 
 - 

The
Company wrote off the allowance for credit losses subsequent to exhaustive efforts to recover the receivable, which typically occurs
within a 12-month period following the initial reservation for the allowance. A summary of the activities in the allowance for expected
credit losses for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

- 
 
 Add/ (Deduct): 

Provision for credit loss 

Write-offs 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance
 for credit losses, end 
 - 

The
Company recorded credit losses of and for the years ended September 30, 2004 and 2023, respectively. 

Production inventory 

Total 

As
of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was allowance for obsolescence recorded. 

, respectively. On December 18, 2023, the whole
amount of deferred offering costs was charged to additional paid in capital upon the completion of the initial public offering. 

- 
 
 Advance to other service providers 
 
 - 
 
 Advance to suppliers 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid for services by stock grants 
 - 

Other prepayments and
 current assets 

Total 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Office equipment 

Motor vehicles 

Construction-in-progress 

Leasehold improvements 

Total 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

The
Construction-in-progress is related to the project to expand the Company s operation and manufacturing capabilities in a factory
in Texas. This project is expected to be completed by the end of February 2025. 

In
connection with the termination of the lease in Corona, CA as disclosed in Note 13, the Company recorded impairment loss during
the year ended September 30, 2024 to write down the leasehold improvement balance. 

For
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expenses amounted to and , respectively. 

with interest at the floating Prime Rate plus one percent per annum, which is to be adjusted daily to the
rate in effect. Interest shall be due and payable monthly as it accrues. The Line of Credit is secured by a Security Agreement and Financing
Statement that covers certain properties of the Company and guaranteed by Mr. Dekui Liu, the former CEO of the Company. As of September
30, 2024, the line of credit was fully paid off and closed. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest
expense related to the Line of Credit of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the total outstanding
balance of the Note was Nil and , respectively. The balance was presented on the consolidated balance sheet as a short-term
loan. 

Short
term loan without interest 

From
June 2023 to August 2023, the Company borrowed short-term loans due on demand without interest, amounting to from three individuals
for operating purposes. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding balance due to these individuals were and ,
respectively. The balance was presented on the consolidated balance sheet as a short-term loan. 

Long-term
loan 

Promissory
note payable 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company issued to BancorpSouth Bank a five-year unsecured promissory note, payable in equal monthly installments
of commencing November 28, 2021 (the Note ). The principal amount of the Note was . The Note is secured by
a Security Agreement and Financing Statement that covers certain properties of the Company and guaranteed by Mr. Dekui Liu, the former
CEO of the Company. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense related to the note of 
and , respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the total outstanding balance of the Note was and , respectively, which was presented
on the consolidated balance sheet as a current portion of and , and a non-current portion of and , respectively. 

. As of September 30, 2023, the amount due to Mr. Liu was . 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
9 Related party transactions (cont.) 

The
Company engaged Yunited Assets LLC Yunited ), a limited liability company owned by Mr. Cheng Yu, the minority owner of
the Company s subsidiary, Inno Research Institute, for consultation services on a project-by-project basis. During the year ended
September 30, 2023, the Company recorded of project-based consulting service fees and consulting fee to Yunited for Mr.
Yu s daily operating services included in the general and administrative expenses. No such services have been provided for the
year ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding balance of accounts payable related party due
to Yunited was Nil and , respectively. 

The
Company purchases prefab home, materials and supplies, including design services from Baicheng Trading LLC Baicheng ),
a company with a director related to the Chairwoman. During the year ended September 30, 2024, Baicheng provided the renovation design
services with a fee of . Additionally, the Company prepaid to Baicheng for roof materials for the factory improvement
project. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of prepayments to Baicehng was . As of September 30, 2023, the outstanding
accounts payable-related party due to Baicheng was . 

Starting
in December 2022, for operation and cashflow needs, the Company advances funds from Zfounder Organization Inc., Zfounder ),
one of the Company s shareholders, and Wise Hill Inc., Wise Hill ), a company owned by a former shareholder of the
Company who also serves as the CEO and Board member of Zfounder. The advanced amounts are non-interest bearing. As of September 30, 2024,
the outstanding balance, due to Zfounder and Wise Hill, has been fully paid off. As of September 30, 2023, the outstanding balance due
to Zfounder and Wise Hill, were and , respectively. 

In
March 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Vision Opportunity Fund LP, a Florida limited partnership partially owned by a
former shareholder of the Company, who also serves as the CEO and Board member of Zfounder. In August 2023, all rights, obligations and
interests under the agreement were subsequently assigned by Vision Opportunity Fund LP to its general partner, New Vision 101 LLC Vision
101 ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to provide supplies and act as project developer for an amount equal to 
plus applicable taxes. As of September 30, 2024, amount of has been received and recorded as deferred revenue, and Nil amount
of revenue has been recognized during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

- 
 
 Accrued compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Other payable 

Other payables and accrued
 liabilities 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares without
par value. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, after giving effect to the stock splits of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, there
were and shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. The total authorized number of shares of capital
stock was shares without par value. 

In
December 2022, The Company issued shares of its common stock at a price of per share to an accredited investor for 
in cash. 

In
February 2023, The Company issued shares of its common stock at a price of per share to an accredited investor for 
in cash. 

In
March 2023, The Company issued shares of its common stock at a price of per share to an accredited investor for 
in cash. 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock for a total value of for services to be rendered during next
twelve months by the immediate relative of the Company s Chief Financial Officer. On June 20, 2023, the Company issued shares
of its common stock for a total value of for services to be rendered during next twelve months by one nonemployee contractor.
These shares were valued at per share, which was the per share price for the most recent sale of the Company s capital stock
to accredited investors. On January 1, 2024, the Company issued shares of its common stock for a total value of for services
to be rendered during next twelve months by one advisor firm. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded 
and as stock compensation expense under Selling, general and administrative expenses. As of September 30, 2024 and September
30, 2023, the remaining balance of and was recorded as Prepayments and other current assets, respectively. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering (the Offering was declared effective on November
9, 2023. The Common Stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq on December 14, 2023, under the symbol
 INHD. The closing of the Offering took place on December 18, 2023. On December 18, 2023, in connection with the closing
of the initial public offering of shares the Shares of its common stock, par value, the Company adopted its
Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective the same day. In connection with the Offering of the Shares at an offering price of per
share, the Company also granted the underwriters an option exercisable for 45-days to purchase up to shares of Common Stock as
the Public Offering Price, less the underwriting discount to cover-over allotment. Additionally, the Company also issued warrants to
the underwriters to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment as set
forth in the warrants, exercisable from June 18, 2024 and valid until . On March 1, 2024, the Company entered into a
warrant assumption agreement with the underwriter to assume those certain underwriter s warrants for the purchase an aggregate
amount of shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the Company s initial public offering. Pursuant
to the warrant assumption agreement, the Company paid an aggregate amount of for the assumption of the Warrants. The paid amount
of was recorded to reduce Additional Paid-in Capital. As of September 30, 2024, the Warrants are no longer outstanding. 

The
total gross proceeds from the Offering were , before deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses associated
with the Offering payable by the Company or paid by the Company. Transaction costs related to the offering amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting fees, of underwriting related expenses, of legal fees and of other costs. Of the
total transaction cost of , in transaction costs were incurred and paid by the company before the closing date. These
costs were recorded as deferred offering costs and were offset to equity upon the completion of the IPO. total net cash from
the Offering has been received by the Company on December 19, 2023. 

INNO
 HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and , respectively, were deposited with various major financial institutions in the
United States. Accounts at each institution in the United States are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) for
up to . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit with two financial institutions
in the United States with uninsured. As of September 30, 2023, the Company did not have deposit in excess of the FDIC insurance
limit. 

Accounts
receivable are typically unsecured and derived from revenue earned from customers, thereby exposing the Company to credit risk. The risk
is mitigated by the Company s assessment of its customers creditworthiness and its ongoing monitoring of outstanding balances. 

Customer
and vendor concentration risk 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, four customers accounted for of the Company s total revenues, respectively. For the year
ended September 30, 2023, three customers accounted for . As of September 30, 2024, Nil outstanding of accounts receivable. Accounts
receivable from one customer accounted for of the Company s total accounts receivable as of September 30, 2023. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, two suppliers accounted for of the Company s total purchases. For the year ended September
30, 2023, three suppliers accounted for of the Company s total purchases. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, accounts payable
to two suppliers accounted for and of the Company s total accounts payable, respectively. 

to per month. On January 1, 2024, the Company terminated the facility lease in Texas without penalty
and entered into a new lease agreement with the landlord. The new lease term is from January 1, 2024 to January 1, 2027, with a monthly
rent of . The facility consists of square feet of indoor space and acres of concrete slab in the yard. Subsequently,
on February 1, 2024, a mutual amendment to the lease agreement was executed. Under the terms of the amendment, the Company has opted
to prepay the lease payments covering the period up to December 31, 2026, with the due date set for April 1, 2024. This prepayment arrangement
secures a rent-free period for the final year of the lease, spanning the entirety of 2027. 

The
Company has also entered into a lease agreement for office and production space in Corona, California with a term from May 1, 2022 until
April 30, 2027 at a rate of to per month. In August 2023, the Company relocated its California office from Corona to Diamond
Bar. The Company was obligated to pay the monthly rent for the office in Corona until February 1, 2024 when the landlord found a new
lessee to occupy the facility. The right-of-use asset and lease liability were adjusted to reflect the termination of the lease. A loss
of was recognized in the income statement, representing the difference between the carrying amounts of the right-of-use assets
 and the lease liability (net with deposit of ), as well as additional fees charged by the landlord. On June
20, 2024, the Company and the landlord settled the lease with a final lease payment of , resulting in of non-operating
income. 

The
lease in Diamond Bar, California has a term of 24 months from August 18, 2023 to August 17, 2025 at a rate of to per month. 

In
addition, the Company will be responsible for its pro rata share of certain costs, including utility costs, insurance and common area
costs, as further detailed in the lease agreements. 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
13 Commitments and contingencies (cont.) 

Total
commitment for the full term of the leases is . and of operating lease right-of-use assets and and
 of operating lease liabilities were reflected on the September 30, 2024 and 2023 consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

Other information: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
 of lease liabilities 

Remaining term in years 
 - 

Average discount rate operating leases 

Lease Liability current 

Lease Liability 
 non-current 
 0 

Total operating lease
 liabilities 

Less: Imputed interest/present
 value discount 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Contingencies 

From
time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. 

On
July 23, 2024, the Company reached a settlement with a subcontractor s customer for . 

The
Company is currently involved in a litigation related to alleged fund transfers. A plaintiff claims that one of the Company s subcontractors
misappropriated over million from a construction project in 2020-2021, transferring the funds to the company instead of fulfilling
a judgment. While the case is in its early stages, initial investigations suggest that the Company did not receive any of these funds.
The Company is vigorously contesting the plaintiff s claims and have requested the dismissal of charges against the Company due
to lack of evidence. Negotiations for dismissal are ongoing. 

Except
as set forth above, we are not currently a party to any legal proceeding that we believe would adversely affect our financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows and are not aware of any material legal proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities. 

INNO
 HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
13 Commitments and contingencies (cont.) 

Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) 

On
April 12, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Notice from The Nasdaq notifying the Company that, because the closing
bid price for its common stock has been below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days, it no longer complies with the minimum
bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of per share (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ),
and Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the Minimum Bid Price Requirement exists if the deficiency continues for
a period of 30 consecutive business days. 

The
Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq. Pursuant to Nasdaq Marketplace Rule
5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been provided an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until October 9, 2024 to regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. During the compliance period, the Company s shares of common stock will continue to be
listed and traded on The Nasdaq. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must meet or exceed
 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the 180-calendar day grace period. 

On
October 25, 2024, the Company received written notice (the Compliance Notice from the Nasdaq Office of General Counsel
of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC informing the Company that it has regained compliance with the bid price requirement in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires that companies listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market maintain a minimum bid price of per share, and
that the Company s securities will continue to be listed and traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

to , (ii) implementing a territorial tax system, (iii) imposing a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings
of foreign subsidiaries, (iv) requiring a current inclusion of global intangible low taxed income of certain earnings of controlled foreign
corporations in U.S. federal taxable income, (v) creating the base erosion anti-abuse tax regime, (vi) implementing bonus depreciation
that will allow for full expensing of qualified property, and (vii) limiting deductibility of interest and executive compensation expense,
among other changes. The Company has computed its tax expenses using the new statutory rate effective on January 1, 2018 of . 

Other
provisions of the new legislation include, but are not limited to, limiting deductibility of interest and executive compensation expense.
These additional items have been considered in the income tax provision for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Texas
imposes a franchise tax that applies to most business entities that are formed or qualified to do business, or which are otherwise doing
business, in Texas. Under the Texas franchise tax, a tax is imposed for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 on the Company s
taxable margin that is apportioned to Texas. Taxable margin is generally defined as revenues less certain costs. 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
14 Income taxes (cont.) 

Total
 current income tax provision 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Increase/(decrease)
 in valuation allowance 

Total
 deferred taxes 

Total provision for
 income taxes 

Net operating loss 

Depreciation 

Unearned revenue 

Investment in Passthrough Entities 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 - 

Others 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets net 

The
company has net operating loss carry forwards of approximately million and million for the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. The operating losses do not expire. 

Valuation
Allowance 

We
periodically assess whether it is more likely than not whether we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred tax
assets and establish a valuation allowance if it s we deem that will not likely be able to realize the benefit associated with
our deferred tax assets. We consider all available positive and negative evidence and make certain assumptions to make this determination.
We review our deferred tax liabilities, historical earnings, history of cycles of earnings and losses within our industry, our business
environment and the potential to generate current and future earnings. We cannot determine at this time when we will be able to generate
sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred tax assets. We therefore have recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred
tax assets. 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note
14 Income taxes (cont.) 

The
Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as state income tax in certain jurisdictions. The tax years 2021 to 2024 remain
open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. The following is a reconciliation of income tax
expenses at the effective rate to income tax at the calculated statutory rates: 

State (net of federal benefit) 

Net
 effect of state income tax deduction and other permanent differences 

Effective tax rate 

As
of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding income tax payable was both . 

ownership interest in CoreModu
LLC, a company specializing in the production of light steel structural materials. The investment totaled million. 

On
October 31, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain investors
(the Investors ), providing for the sale and issuance of shares (the Shares of the Company s
common stock, par value (the Common Stock ), for an aggregate purchase price of at per share. The purchase,
sale, and issuance of the Shares (the Closing are planned to take place on or before November 6, 2024. The Shares were
issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
or Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company relied on these exemptions from registration based in part on representations
made by the Investors. 

On
October 31, 2024, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investors
(the Registration Rights Agreement ). The Registration Rights Agreement provided, among other things, that the Company will
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than December 31, 2024, file with the SEC (at the Company s sole cost
and expense) a registration statement registering the resale of the Shares of Common Stock. The Company agreed to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to have such registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof. 

On
November 13, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with nine non-U.S. investors, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue and sell in a private placement offering, an aggregate of shares of common stock, par value, at a purchase
price per share of , for gross proceeds of approximately million, of which proceeds will be used for working capital and other
general corporate purposes. The Private Placement closed on November 20, 2024. As of November 27, 2024, the Company has received funds
from six of the nine Purchasers and an aggregate purchase price of . The remaining three Purchasers are in the process of completing
their wire transfers. 

F- 23 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCAIL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

This
annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission for newly public companies. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

An
evaluation was performed under the supervision of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms due to material weaknesses
in our internal controls described below. 

Lack
 of adequate policies and procedures in internal control function to ensure that proper control and procedures have been designed
 and implemented over key business cycles. 

We
plan to hire additional personnel or consultant with relevant experience and qualifications to design and implement internal control
over key business cycles to strengthen the internal control system.
However, we cannot assure you that we will remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner. 

Inherent
Limitations Over Internal Controls 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Our control systems are designed to provide
such reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in
all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls
also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have made no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

26 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following are our executive officers and directors and their respective ages and positions as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Ding
 Wei 
 
 44 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director and Chairman 
 
 Tianwei
 (Solomon) Li 
 
 36 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Mengshu
 Shao 
 
 33 
 
 Director 
 
 Yufang
 Qu 
 
 58 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Tao
 Tu 
 
 44 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Yongbo
 Mo 
 
 28 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Ding
Wei Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman 

Mr.
Wei, 44 years old, was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman on October 15, 2024. In addition, Mr. Wei is the
founder, chairman, and general manager of Yangzhou Ruide Fei Technology Co., Ltd. and Yangzhou Yu Chen Saiwen Information Consulting
Co., Ltd. since July 2014, where he was responsible for business operation and corporation management, including strategic planning,
operations management, financial management, marketing, and team management. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Wei served as the head of the administrative
department at HYVA MECHANICS (CHINA) CO., LTD., during which he was responsible for human resources support, office operations management,
team leadership, and compliance control. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Wei was the deputy general manager and executive assistant to the chairman
at Yangzhou Gaoshi Glasses Co., Ltd., and her was responsible for overseeing daily operations across multiple departments, developing
and implementing organizational strategies, monitoring financial performance, and conducting performance evaluations. Mr. Wei holds a
bachelor s degree in computer science and information systems from CARICH Education of New Zealand. 

Tianwei
(Solomon) Li Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Li, 36 years old, was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on July 17,2023. Mr. Li is a highly accomplished finance professional
with a diverse background spanning various prestigious institutions. From November 2021 to July 2023, he has served as a licensed banker
at both J.P Morgan Securities LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., where he combined his matchless expertise in financial management, venture
capital, and financial advisory to create real value for clients. Before joining INNO HOLDINGS INC, Mr. Li worked as an exclusive banker
at J.P Morgan Securities LLC. From October 2021 to December 2021, he worked as a registered representative at Sutter Securities Inc,
providing investment advice and navigating complex regulatory frameworks. Prior to that, from November 2020 to December 2021, he worked
as a registered representative at Boustead Securities, LLC, where he offered investment, management, and consulting services to over
50 portfolio companies. Notably, Mr. Li held leadership positions as Vice President at both Multipoint Resources Management Corp, from
April 2019 to December 2019, and CATHY LOGISTICS INC, from February 2019 to August 2019, where he demonstrated exceptional leadership
skills and strategic decision-making abilities. With a master s degree in Business Administration and holding the US Financial
Industry Regulatory Agency Series 7 and 63 Securities licenses, Mr. Li exemplifies professionalism and regulatory compliance in his work.
Combining his extensive practical experience with his strong academic foundation, Mr. Li is committed to delivering exceptional financial
solutions and building long-lasting client relationships. 

27 

Mengshu
Shao Director 

Ms.
Shao, 33 years old, was appointed as a Director on October 23, 2024. Ms. Shao served as internal auditor manager at Agile Group from
October 2021 to September 2024, where she was responsible for managing internal audit projects of corporation, including operational
auditing, risk assessment and management, internal control evaluation, compliance monitoring, and fraud detection. From May 2019 to September
2021, Ms. Shao held the position of internal auditor at Cedar Holdings, where she worked on internal audit tasks of corporation, including
risk assessment and management, operational audit, and internal control evaluation. From August 2016 to April 2019, Ms. Shao worked as
an auditor at PwC Mainland China. Ms. Shao graduated from Jinan University in June 2016 with a master s degree in accounting. 

Yufang
Qu Independent Director 

Ms.
Qu, 58 years old, was appointed as a Director on October 15, 2024. Ms. Qu served as an accountant of Shuangyashan Shijixing Construction
Engineering Co., Ltd. from 2004 to 2022, where she was responsible for organizing financial information, preparing financial statements,
and providing financial analysis to help optimize financial structure and improve efficiency. Ms. Qu graduated from Shuangyashan Radio
and Television University in 1993 with a bachelor s degree in financial accounting. 

Tao
Tu Independent Director 

Mr.
Tao TU, age 44, was appointed as a Director on May 31, 2024. Mr.Tu currently serves as the Director of Fuda Capital Ltd. and as the Chief
Executive Officer at Jinyide Culture Media Co., Ltd., where he is responsible for strategic leadership, organizational management, external
representation, financial Performance, and corporate governance. From 2017 to 2020, he served as the Chief Executive Officer at Jinyide
Jewelry Co., Ltd., where he was responsible for corporate governance, marketing and development, customer relationship, and organizational
development. Mr. Tu received his bachelor s degree in Finance from the South-Central University for Nationalities. 

Yongbo
Mo Independent Director 

Mr.
Mo, 28 years old, was appointed as a Director on October 23, 2024. Mr. Mo has been working at Shanghai Haineng Investment Consulting
Company as a Product Manager since February 2022, where he is primarily responsible for leading and managing investment projects, including
project screening, due diligence, financial analysis, risk assessment, project execution supervision, and post-project tracking and evaluation.
From June 2018 to January 2022, Mr. Mo served as a Media Manager at Zhengzhou Houde Technology Co., Ltd., where he was primarily responsible
for developing and implementing media strategies, which include maintaining media relationships, content operations, user operations,
brand promotion, and commercial cooperation services. Mr. Mo graduated from Zhengzhou Information Technology Vocational School in September
2017 with a bachelor s degree in Investment and Finance. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no familial relationships between the directors or executive officers of the Company. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics Code of Ethics that applies to our directors, officers,
and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions. We intend to post on our website a current copy of the Code of Ethics and all disclosures that
are required by law regarding any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Ethics. Any person may obtain a copy of
our Code of Ethics, without charge, by mailing a request to the Company at the address appearing on the front page of this annual Report
on Form 10-K or by viewing it on our website found at https://www.innoholdings.com/code-of-business-conduct-and-ethics. 

28 

Insider
Trading Policy 

All
officers, directors and employees of, and consultants and contractors to, us or any of our subsidiaries are subject to our Insider Trading
Policy. The Insider Trading Policy prohibits the unauthorized disclosure of any nonpublic information acquired in the workplace and the
misuse of material nonpublic information in the trading of our securities. To ensure compliance with the Insider Trading Policy and applicable
federal and state securities laws, all officers, directors and employees of, and consultants and contractors to, us or any of our subsidiaries
must refrain from the sale or purchase of our securities except in specific designated trading windows or pursuant to 10b5-1 trading
plans that were preapproved. Even during a trading window period, certain insiders, including our named executive officers and directors,
must comply with our designated pre-clearance policy prior to trading in our securities. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

Our
Board has responsibility for the oversight of our risk management processes and, either as a whole or through its committees, regularly
discusses with management our major risk exposures, their potential impact on our business and the steps we take to manage them. The
risk oversight process includes receiving regular reports from board committees and members of senior management to enable our Board
to understand our risk identification, risk management, and risk mitigation strategies with respect to areas of potential material risk,
including operations, finance, legal, regulatory, cybersecurity, strategic, and reputational risk. While the Company has not yet experienced
a significant impact related to the situation in Ukraine caused by the Russian invasion, the Board will also closely monitor the risks
in relation to such developments, including but not limited to risks related to cybersecurity, sanctions, supply chain, suppliers and
service providers. Similarly, our board is monitoring US-China relations to monitor risks such as political disruption, supply chain,
and foreign exchange. 

Board
of Directors 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. Our Board consists of 5 directors, 3 of whom qualify as independent 
under the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

Directors
serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until their
successors have been elected and qualified. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board is composed of a majority of independent directors as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2)
provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other
individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Under
such definition, our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director
concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board has determined that Yufang Qu, Tao Tu and Yongbo Mo are all
independent directors of the Company. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Committees
of the Board were established and took effect upon the closing of our IPO on December 18, 2023. Our committees include an audit committee
and a compensation committee. Each such committee has the composition and responsibilities described below: 

29 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Yufang Qu, Tao Tu and Yongbo Mo. Yufang Qu is the chairman of the audit committee. In addition, our Board
has determined that Yufang Qu is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

(a) 
 reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the Board
 whether the audited financial statements should be included in our annual disclosure report; 

(b) 
 discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
 of our financial statements; 

(c) 
 discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

(d) 
 monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

(e) 
 verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

(f) 
 reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

(g) 
 inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

(h) 
 preapproving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the
 services to be performed; 

(i) 
 appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

(j) 
 determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and
 the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

(k) 
 establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

(l) 
 approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

The
audit committee is composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined
under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and
understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In
addition, the Company has certified to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment
experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background
that results in the individual s financial sophistication. 

30 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee consists of Yufang Qu, Tao Tu and Yongbo Mo, each of whom is an independent director. Each member of our compensation
committee is also a non-employee director, as defined under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Yufang Qu is the chairman
of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

(a) 
 reviews,
 approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our Board regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; 

(b) 
 administers
 our equity compensation plans; 

(c) 
 reviews
 and approves, or makes recommendations to our Board, regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and 

(d) 
 establishes
 and reviews general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, none of our current directors or executive officers has, during the past ten (10) years: 

(a) 
 been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

(b) 
 had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two (2)
 years prior to that time; 

(c) 
 been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his or her involvement
 in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to
 be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(d) 
 been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(e) 
 been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(f) 
 been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Director
Qualifications 

In
accordance with its charter, our nominating and corporate governance committee develops and recommends to our board of directors appropriate
criteria, including desired qualifications, expertise, skills and characteristics, for selection of new directors and periodically reviews
the criteria adopted by our board of directors and, if appropriate, recommends changes to such criteria. 

31 

Board
Diversity 

Our
board of directors desires to seek members from diverse professional backgrounds who combine a strong professional reputation and knowledge
of our business and industry with a reputation for integrity. Our board of directors does not have a formal policy with respect to diversity
and inclusion but is in process of establishing a policy on diversity. Diversity of experience, expertise and viewpoints is one of many
factors the nominating and corporate governance committee considers when recommending director nominees to our board of directors. Further,
our board of directors seeks highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool from which new candidates
are selected. Our board of directors also seeks members that have experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility or are,
or have been, leaders in the companies or institutions with which they are, or were, affiliated, but may seek other members with different
backgrounds, based upon the contributions they can make to our company. We believe that our current board composition reflects our commitment
to diversity in the areas of professional background. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 
of our outstanding shares of common stock Ten Percent Holders to file with the SEC reports of their share ownership and
changes in their share ownership of our common stock. Directors, executive officers and Ten Percent Holders are also required to furnish
us with copies of all ownership reports they file with the SEC. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports
furnished to us, the following former directors, former executive officers and former Ten Percent Holders did not comply with all Section
16(a) filing requirements during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 as follows: Messrs. Liu, Li, Sung, Zhang and Haws, and Mses.
Gong and Liu, filed their Form 3s late in 2023. Mr. Liu Dekui filed his Form 4 late in 2024. ZFounder Organization Inc. and West Lake
Club Inc. filed their Form 3s late in 2024. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
for our Named Executive Officers 

As
an emerging growth company, we have opted to comply with the executive compensation disclosure rules applicable to smaller reporting
companies, as such term is defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Act. This section discusses the material components
of the executive compensation program for our named executive officers NEOs for the fiscal year ending September 30,
2024 Fiscal Year 2024 and the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023 Fiscal Year 2023 ). 

For
Fiscal Year 2024 and 2023, the Company s NEOs were: 

Dekui
 Liu, former Chief Executive Officer; 

Tianwei
 (Solomon) Li, Chief Financial Officer and former Chief Executive Officer; and 

Dr.
 Li (Alice) Gong, former Chief Operation Officer and General Manager of Inno Metal Studs Corp (a subsidiary of the Company); and 

Weston
 Twigg, former Chief Financial Officer. 

Compensation
Program 

The
objective of the compensation program of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company Group is to provide a total compensation
package to each NEO that will enable the Company Group to attract, motivate and retain outstanding individuals, align the interests of
our executive team with those of our shareholders, encourage individual and collective contributions to the successful execution of our
short- and long-term business strategies and reward NEOs for performance. 

Base
 Salary. Each of the NEOs is paid a base salary commensurate with the executive s skill set, experience, performance, role
 and responsibilities. 

Short-Term
 Cash Incentives. During Fiscal Years 2024 and 2023, except for a one-time award of 50,000 to Mr. Tianwei Li upon the consummation
 of the IPO, the Company Group did not grant any short-term cash bonuses to any of the NEOs. 

Long-Term
 Equity Incentives. During Fiscal Years 2024 and 2023, the Company Group did not grant any incentive equity awards to any of the
 NEOs. 

32 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table presents information regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by and paid to the Company s NEOs for
services rendered to the Company Group in all capacities in its Fiscal Years 2024 and 2023. 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ding Wei (1) 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dekui Liu (2) 
 2024 
 70,833 
 - 
 70,833 
 
 Former Chief Executive
 Officer 
 2023 
 11,000 (3) 
 - 
 11,000 

Tianwei (Solomon) Li (4) 
 2024 
 180,000 
 50,000 
 230,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2023 
 45,000 
 - 
 45,000 

Dr. Li (Alice) Gong (5) 
 2024 
 152,587 
 - 
 152,587 
 
 Former Chief Operation
 Officer and General Manager of Inno Metal Studs Corp 
 2023 
 100,347 
 - 
 100,347 

Weston Twigg (6) 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Financial
 Officer 
 2023 
 104,527 
 - 
 104,527 

(1)
On October 15, 2024, the Board appointed Ding Wei, to fill the Chief Executive Officer. The Company will compensate Ding Wei for his
service as chief executive officer at a salary of 60,000 annually, subject to his continued service. 

(2)
On May 31, 2024, Mr. Liu resigned from his position as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and as a Director of the Board of the Company. 

(3)
In June 2023, the Board approved a temporary reduction in Mr. Liu s base salary for Fiscal Year 2023, from 80,000 to 11,000. 

(4)
On June 3, 2024, the Board appointed Tianwei Li as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and continue to serve as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer following his appointment as Chief Executive Officer. On October 15, 2024, Mr. Li resigned from his position
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and continues to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

(5)
On October 15, 2024, Ms. Gong resigned from her position as Chief Operations Officer. 

(6)
Mr. Li was appointed Chief Financial Officer, effective July 17, 2023. Mr. Twigg resigned from the Company, effective July 3, 2023. 

Narrative
Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table 

Employee
Benefits 

The
executive officers, including the NEOs, are eligible to receive the same employee benefits that are generally available to all full-time
employees, subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility requirements. In structuring these benefit plans, the Company Group seeks
to provide an aggregate level of benefits that are comparable to those provided by similar companies. 

33 

Agreements
with our NEOs 

Other
than Mr. Li, our NEOs not currently subject to an employment agreement with the Company Group. 

Effective
July 17, 2023, Mr. Li was appointed by the Board to serve as the Company Group s Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the terms
of his Offer Letter with the Company, dated July 14, 2023 (the Li Offer Letter ). Mr. Li s initial employment term
will run from July 17, 2023 to July 17, 2024. Starting July 17, 2024, his employment will be at-will. Pursuant to the Offer Letter Mr.
Li will receive an annual base salary of 180,000 and be eligible for an annual performance-based bonus of Company options worth 200,000
disbursed proportionally on a monthly basis, subject to the Omnibus Plan. Subject to the consummation of the IPO and pursuant to the
Offer Letter, Mr. Li is eligible for a one-time award of 50,000 within one week after consummation of the IPO for pre-IPO consulting
services provided. The option awards have not been awarded as of the date of this filing. The IPO bonus of 50,000 was paid on April
19, 2024. Mr. Li is also will be eligible to participate in all benefit plans generally offered to other senior executives of the Company
in similar positions and with similar responsibilities. 

2023
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

Our
Board adopted, and our shareholders approved, the Inno Holdings, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Plan ), effective
July 18, 2023. No incentive equity awards have been granted under the Omnibus Plan as of the date hereof. 

The
purpose of the Omnibus Plan is to: (i) encourage the profitability and growth of the Company through short-term and long-term incentives
that are consistent with the Company s objectives; (ii) give participants an incentive for excellence in individual performance;
(iii) promote teamwork among its participants; and (iv) give the Company a significant advantage in attracting and retaining key employees,
non-employee directors, and consultants. To accomplish these purposes, the Omnibus Plan provides for the grant of awards in the form
of incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance-based awards (including performance shares, performance units and performance bonus awards),
and other stock-based or cash-based awards. A total of 2,013,552 shares of common stock was initially reserved and available for issuance
under the Omnibus Plan. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2024 Fiscal Year-End 

None
of our NEOs had any outstanding equity awards in the Company as of September 30, 2024. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

As
of September 30, 2024, none of our NEOs were eligible for any potential payments upon any form of termination or resignation of employment
or a change in control of the Company. During Fiscal Years 2024 and 2023, none of our former NEOs received any payments or benefits in
connection with their resignation from the Company. 

Director
Compensation Table 

All
of the independent directors are entitled to receive 10,000 in cash per quarter, subject to their continued service on the Board. 

Shaoren
Liu and Ying Liu served as the Company s non-employee directors during Fiscal Year 2023. Neither of the Company s non-employee
directors received any compensation related to the director s Board service in Fiscal Year 2023 and 2024 or had any outstanding
equity awards as of September 30, 2024. Mr. Shaoren Liu resigned as a member of the Board, effective December 18, 2023. On October 15,
2024, Ms. Ying Liu resigned from her position as Chairwoman and a director of the Board. 

Incentive
Based Compensation Recoupment Policy 

On
October 30, 2023, our Board of Directors adopted an executive compensation recoupment policy consistent with the requirements of the Exchange
Act Rule 10D-1 and listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC thereunder, to help ensure that incentive compensation is paid based
on accurate financial and operating data, and the correct calculation of performance against incentive targets. Our policy addresses
recoupment of amounts from performance-based awards paid to all corporate officers, including awards under our equity incentive plans,
in the event of a financial restatement to the extent that the payout for such awards would have been less, or in the event of fraud,
or intentional, willful or gross misconduct that contributed to the need for a financial restatement. 

34 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jobs Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest
of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross
revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous
three years; and (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under applicable SEC rules. We expect that we will
remain an emerging growth company for the foreseeable future, but we cannot retain our emerging growth company status indefinitely and
will no longer qualify as an emerging growth company on or before the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of
the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act. For so long
as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from specified disclosure requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

These
exemptions include: 

being
 permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements,
 with reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosures; 

not
 being required to comply with the requirement of an auditor needing to attest to our internal controls over financial reporting; 

not
 being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory
 audit firm rotation or providing a supplement to the auditor s report regarding additional information about the audit and
 the financial statements; 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and 

not
 being required to hold a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
 not previously approved. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership, within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act, of our Common Stock Shares as of the date of this annual report, with respect to the holdings of (1) each person who is the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of Company voting stock, (2) each of our directors, (3) each executive officer, and (4) all of our current directors
and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership of the voting stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes any shares of company voting stock over
which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or of which a person has a right to acquire ownership at any time
within 60 days of December 6, 2024. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the persons named in this table have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of voting stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based
on 3,057,043 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 6, 2024. 

To
the best of our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power
with respect to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by such person, except to the extent such power may be shared with
a spouse. To our knowledge, none of the shares listed below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement, except as noted. To our
knowledge, there is no arrangement, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a
subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

35 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Title 
 Beneficially
 owned 
 Percent 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Ding Wei 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman 

Tianwei Li 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Mengshu Shao 
 Director 

Yufang Qu 
 Independent Director 

Tao Tu 
 Independent Director 

Yongbo Mo 
 Independent Director 

Officers and Directors as
 a Group (total of 6 persons) 

5 + Stockholders 

Changzheng
 Ye, (2) 
 Investor 
 157,079 
 5.14 
 
 West
 Lake Club Inc. (3) 
 Investor 
 640,000 
 20.94 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address for each of the individuals is 2465 Farm Market 359 South, Brookshire, TX 77423. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 address for Changzheng Ye is Qianhai Maple Leaf Building, Tower A, 5F07, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 address for West Lake Club Inc. is 14738 SW 23rd Street, Miami, FL 33185. The foregoing information is based solely on Schedule 13D
 of West Lake Club Inc. filed on September 11, 2024, which we do not know or have reason to believe is not complete or accurate and
 on which we are relying pursuant to applicable SEC regulations. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

As
of September 30, 2024, no awards were issued by the Company under its equity compensation plan. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Unless
described below, during the last two fiscal years, there are no transactions or series of similar transactions to which we were a party
or will be a party, in which: 

the
 amounts involved exceed or will exceed 120,000; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of any
 of the foregoing had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 

The
Company borrows short term loans without interest from its Former CEO, Mr. Dekui Liu, for operation and cashflow needs from time to time.
As of September 30, 2024, the amount due to Mr. Liu was 2,000. As of September 30, 2023, the amount due to Mr. Liu was 327,372. 

The
Company engaged Yunited Assets LLC Yunited ), a limited liability company owned by Mr. Cheng Yu, the minority owner of
the Company s subsidiary, Inno Research Institute, for consultation services on a project-by-project basis. During the year ended
September 30, 2023, the Company recorded 4,375 of project-based consulting service fees and 110,000 consulting fee to Yunited for Mr.
Yu s daily operating services included in the general and administrative expenses. No such services have been provided for the
year ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding balance of accounts payable related party due
to Yunited was Nil and 50,000. 

36 

The
Company purchases prefab home, materials and supplies, including design services from Baicheng Trading LLC Baicheng ),
a company with a director related to the Chairwoman. During the year ended September 30, 2024, Baicheng provided the renovation design
services with a fee of 52,000. Additionally, the Company prepaid 225,511 to Baicheng for roof materials for the factory improvement
project. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of prepayments to Baicehng was 225,511. As of September 30, 2023, the outstanding
accounts payable-related party due to Baicheng was 485,595. 

Starting
in December 2022, for operation and cashflow needs, the Company advances funds from Zfounder Organization Inc., Zfounder ),
one of the Company s shareholders, and Wise Hill Inc., Wise Hill ), a company owned by a former shareholder of the
Company who also serves as the CEO and Board member of Zfounder. The advanced amounts are non-interest bearing. As of September 30, 2024,
the outstanding balance, due to Zfounder and Wise Hill, has been fully paid off. As of September 30, 2023, the outstanding balance due
to Zfounder and Wise Hill, were 55,000 and 122,000, respectively. 

In
March 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Vision Opportunity Fund LP, a Florida limited partnership partially owned by a
former shareholder of the Company, who also serves as the CEO and Board member of Zfounder. In August 2023, all rights, obligations and
interests under the agreement were subsequently assigned by Vision Opportunity Fund LP to its general partner, New Vision 101 LLC Vision
101 ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to provide supplies and act as project developer for an amount equal to 15,875,800
plus applicable taxes. As of September 30, 2024, amount of 244,185 has been received and recorded as deferred revenue, and Nil amount
of revenue has been recognized. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 

We
have adopted a written related person transaction policy that set forth the following policies and procedures for the review and approval
or ratification of related person transactions. A related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship
in which INNO or any of its subsidiaries was, is or will be a participant, the amount of which involved exceeds 120,000, and in which
any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A related person means: 

any
 person who is, or at any time during the applicable period was, one of INNO s executive officers or directors; 

any
 person who is known by INNO to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of INNO s voting securities; 

any
 immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law,
 father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother in-law or sister-in-law of a director, executive officer or a beneficial owner
 of more than 5 of INNO s voting securities, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such
 director, executive officer or beneficial owner of more than 5 of INNO s voting securities; and 

any
 firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is a partner or principal, or in a similar position, or in
 which such person has a 10 or greater beneficial ownership interest. 

We
intend to establish policies and procedures designed to minimize potential conflicts of interest arising from any dealings we may have
with our affiliates and to provide appropriate procedures for the disclosure of any real or potential conflicts of interest that may
exist from time to time. Specifically, pursuant to its audit committee charter, the audit committee have the responsibility to review
related party transactions. 

Director
Independence 

A
majority of our Board are independent directors, see the discussion above under the section Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate governance. 

37 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent
Auditor 

For
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s independent public accounting firms were Simon Edward, LLP and
TAAD LLP, respectively. 

Fees
Paid to Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
aggregate fees billed by our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 92,500 
 178,383 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other
 fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 92,500 
 178,383 

(1)
 Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements
 and the review of our quarterly financial statements and those services normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory
 filings or engagements including comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC matters. This information is presented
 as of the latest practicable date for this annual report. 

(2)
 Audit-related fees represent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the
 audit or review of our financial statements and not reported above under Audit Fees. 

(3) TAAD
 did not provide us with tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services 

(4)
 All other fees include fees billed by our independent auditors for products or services other than as described in the immediately
 preceding three categories. No such fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

The
charter of our audit committee provides that the duties and responsibilities of our audit committee include the pre-approval of all audit
and non-audit services permitted by law or applicable SEC regulations (including fee and terms of engagement) to be performed by our
external auditor. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

All
financial statements of the Company as set forth under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or because they
are not required. 

38 

(3)
Exhibits. 

The
following exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Schedule/
 Form 
 
 File
 Number 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Formation dated July 14, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-273429 
 
 3.5 
 
 October
 20, 2023 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Inno Holdings Inc., dated December 18, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 3.1 
 
 December
 18, 2023 
 
 4.1 
 
 Underwriter s
 Warrant, dated December 18, 2023, issued by Inno Holdings Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 4.1 
 
 December
 18, 2023 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-273429 
 
 4.1 
 
 October
 20, 2023 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description
 of Inno Holding Inc. s Capital Stock 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 4.3 
 
 January
 16, 2024 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-273429 
 
 10.1 
 
 October
 20, 2023 
 
 10.2++ 
 
 Development
 and Supply Agreement, by and between Vision Fund LP and Inno Metal Studs Corp, dated March 24, 2023. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-273429 
 
 10.2 
 
 October
 20, 2023 
 
 10.3++ 
 
 Addendum
 to Development and Supply Agreement, by and among Vision Opportunity Fund LP, New Vision 101 LLC and Inno Metal Studs Corp, dated
 August 9, 2023. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-273429 
 
 10.5 
 
 October
 20, 2023 
 
 10.4 
 
 Inno
 Holdings Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 10 .4 
 
 January
 16, 2024 
 
 10.5 
 
 Offer
 Letter, by and between Inno Holdings, Inc. and Tianwei Li, dated July 14, 2023. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-273429 
 
 10.4 
 
 October
 20, 2023 
 
 10.6 
 
 Agreement
 for Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions, dated January 4, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 10.1 
 
 January
 16, 2024 
 
 10.7 
 
 Limited
 Waiver of Underwriting Agreement, dated March 1, 2024, by and between the Company and the Representative. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 10.1 
 
 March
 4, 2024 
 
 10.8 
 
 Warrant
 Assumption Agreement, dated March 1, 2024, by and between the Company and the Representative 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 10.2 
 
 March
 4, 2024 
 
 10.9 
 
 SPA
 I, dated September 6, 2024, by and between the Company, Zfounder, West Lake Club, Next Level and each of the investors signatory
 thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 10.1 
 
 September
 12, 2024 
 
 10.10 
 
 SPA
 II, dated September 6, 2024, by and between the Company, Zfounder, and each of the investors signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 10.2 
 
 September
 12, 2024 
 
 10.11 
 
 SPA
 III, dated September 6, 2024, by and between the Company, Zfounder, West Lake Club, Next Level and each of the investors signatory
 thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 10.3 
 
 September
 12, 2024 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 1 4.1 
 
 January
 16, 2024 
 
 19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy and Procedures 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-273429 
 
 21.1 
 
 October
 20, 2023 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 

97.1 
 
 Inno
 Holdings Inc. Incentive Based Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 97.1 
 
 January
 16, 2024 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit
 Committee Charter 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 99.1 
 
 January
 16, 2024 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation
 Committee Charter 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-41882 
 
 99.2 
 
 January
 16, 2024 

Filed
 or furnished herewith. 
 
 ++ 
 Portions
 of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). The omitted information is not material and
 would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. The Company agrees to furnish an unredacted copy to the
 SEC upon its request. 
 
 # 
 Certain
 schedules and exhibits have been omitted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of
 any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon its request. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INNO
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ding Wei 

Ding
 Wei 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 9, 2024 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ding Wei 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director and Chairman 
 
 December
 9, 2024 
 
 Ding
 Wei 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Tianwei Li 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 December
 9, 2024 
 
 Tianwei
 Li 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Yufang Qu 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 9, 2024 
 
 Yufang
 Qu 

/s/
 Mengshu Shao 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 9, 2024 
 
 Mengshu
 Shao 

/s/
 Tao Tu 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 9, 2024 
 
 Tao
 Tu 

/s/
 Yongbo Mo 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 9, 2024 
 
 Yongbo
 Mo 

40 

<EX-19.1>
 2
 ex19-1.htm

Exhibit
19.1 

INNO
HOLDINGS INC. INSIDER TRADING POLICY 

Dated:
December 6, 2024 

Purpose 

This
Insider Trading Policy (this Policy provides guidelines with respect to transactions in the securities of Inno
Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company ), and the handling of confidential information about the Company
and the companies with which the Company does business. 

The
Company s Board of Directors Board has adopted this Policy to promote compliance with federal, state, and
foreign securities laws that prohibit certain persons who are aware of material nonpublic information about a company from: (i) trading
in securities of that company (e.g., purchasing and selling of securities, including purchases and sales of options and warrants on securities,
as well as short sales); or (ii) providing material nonpublic information to other persons who may trade on the basis of that information. 

Persons
Subject to the Policy 

This
Policy applies to all officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, all members of the Board and all employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this Policy, such as contractors or consultants
who have access to material nonpublic information. This Policy also applies to family members, other members of a person s household
and entities controlled by a person covered by this Policy, as described below. 

Transactions
Subject to the Policy 

This
Policy applies to transactions in the Company s securities (collectively referred to in this Policy as Company Securities ),
including the Company s common stock, options to purchase common stock, or any other type of securities that the Company may issue,
including, but not limited to, preferred stock, convertible debentures and warrants, as well as derivative securities that are not issued
by the Company, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps relating to the Company s Securities. There are certain exceptions
that are discussed in this Policy under Transactions Under Company Plans, Transactions Not Involving a Purchase
or Sale, and Rule 10b5-1 Plans. 

Individual
Responsibility 

Persons
subject to this Policy have ethical and legal obligations to maintain the confidentiality of information about the Company and to not
engage in transactions in Company Securities while in possession of material nonpublic information. 

Persons
subject to this Policy must not engage in illegal trading and must avoid the appearance of improper trading. Each individual is responsible
for making sure that he or she complies with this Policy, and that any family member, household member, or entity whose transactions
are subject to this Policy, as discussed below, also comply with this Policy. 

In
all cases, the responsibility for determining whether an individual is in possession of material nonpublic information rests with that
individual, and any action on the part of the Company, the Compliance Officer, or any other employee or director pursuant to this Policy
or otherwise does not in any way constitute legal advice or insulate an individual from liability under applicable securities laws. 

You
could be subject to severe legal penalties and disciplinary action by the Company for any conduct prohibited by this Policy or applicable
securities laws, as described below in more detail under the heading Consequences of Violations. 

Administration
of the Policy 

Ding
Wei shall serve as the Compliance Officer for the purposes of this Policy. The Compliance Officer is authorized to consult with the Company s
securities counsel without notice and at such times as he may deem necessary or appropriate at the expense of the Company. All determinations
and interpretations by the Compliance Officer shall be final and not subject to further review. The duties of the Compliance Officer
include, but are not limited to, the following: 

assisting
 with implementation and enforcement of this Policy; 

circulating
 this Policy to all employees and ensuring that this Policy is amended as necessary to remain up-to-date with insider trading laws; 

ensuring
 that the Company obtain and maintain written acknowledgments from employees that they have read the policy; 

overseeing
 the responses to questions from individual employees; 

providing
 for employee training sessions; 

ensuring
 that relevant files on policy compliance and implementation are maintained; 

pre-clearing
 all trading in securities of the Company in accordance with the procedures as discussed in this Policy under Pre-Clearance
 Procedures 

providing
 approval of any Rule 10b5-1 plans as discussed in this Policy under Rule 10b5-1 Plans and any prohibited transactions
 as discussed in this Policy; and 

providing
 a reporting system with an effective whistleblower protection mechanism. 

2 

Statement
of Policy 

It
is the policy of the Company that no director, officer, or other employee of the Company (or any other person designated by this Policy
or by the Compliance Officer as subject to this Policy) who is aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Company may, directly,
or indirectly through family members or other persons or entities: 

1. 
 Engage
 in transactions in Company Securities, except as otherwise specified in this Policy under the headings Transactions Under
 Company Plans, Transactions Not Involving a Purchase or Sale, and Rule 10b5-1 Plans 

2. 
 Recommend
 the purchase or sale of any Company Securities; 

3. 
 Disclose
 material nonpublic information to persons within the Company whose jobs do not require them to have that information, or outside
 of the Company to other persons, including, but not limited to, family, friends, business associates, investors, and expert consulting
 firms, unless any such disclosure is made in accordance with the Company s policies regarding the protection or authorized
 external disclosure of information regarding the Company; or 

4. 
 Assist
 anyone engaged in the above activities. 

In
addition, it is the policy of the Company that no director, officer, or other employee of the Company or any other person designated
as subject to this Policy who, in the course of working for the Company, learns of material nonpublic information about a company with
which the Company does business, including a customer or supplier of the Company, may trade in that company s securities until
the information becomes public or is no longer material. 

There
are no exceptions to this Policy, except as specifically noted herein. Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent
reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure), or small transactions, are not excepted from this Policy. The
securities laws do not recognize any mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper transaction must
be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. 

Definition
of Material Nonpublic Information 

Information
is considered material if a reasonable investor would consider that information important in making a decision to buy,
hold, or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to affect a company s stock price, whether it is positive or negative,
should be considered material. There is no bright-line standard for assessing materiality; rather, materiality is based on an assessment
of all of the facts and circumstances and is often evaluated by enforcement authorities with the benefit of hindsight. 

3 

While
it is not possible to define all categories of material information, some examples of information that ordinarily would be regarded as
material are: 

Projections
 of future earnings or losses, or other earnings guidance; 

Changes
 to previously announced earnings guidance, or decisions to suspend earnings guidance; 

A
 pending or proposed merger, acquisition, or tender offer; 

A
 pending or proposed acquisition or disposition of a significant asset; 

A
 pending or proposed joint venture; 

A
 Company restructuring; 

Significant
 related party transactions; 

A
 change in dividend policy, the declaration of a stock split, or an offering of additional securities; 

Bank
 borrowings or other financing transactions out of the ordinary course of business; 

The
 establishment of a repurchase program for Company Securities; 

A
 change in the Company s pricing or cost structure; 

Major
 marketing changes; 

A
 change in management; 

A
 change in auditors or notification that the auditor s report may no longer be relied upon; 

Development
 of a significant new product, process, or service; 

Pending
 or threatened significant litigation, or the resolution of such litigation; 

Impending
 bankruptcy or the existence of severe liquidity problems; 

The
 gain or loss of a significant customer or supplier; 

The
 results of clinical trials or testing of the Company s products or services; 

4 

A
 significant cybersecurity incident, such as a data breach, or any other significant disruption in the Company s operations
 or loss, potential loss, breach, or unauthorized access of its property or assets, whether at its facilities or through its information
 technology infrastructure; or 

The
 imposition of an event-specific restriction on trading in the Company s Securities or the securities of another company or
 the extension or termination of such restriction. 

Information
that has not been disclosed to the public is generally considered to be nonpublic information. In order to establish that the information
has been disclosed to the public, it may be necessary to demonstrate that the information has been widely disseminated. Information generally
would be considered widely disseminated if it has been disclosed through the Dow Jones broad tape, newswire services, a
broadcast on widely-available radio or television programs, publication in a widely-available newspaper, magazine or news website, or
public disclosure documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC that are available on the SEC s
website, or subject to the Compliance Officer s determination, disclosure on the Company s website, or through social media. 

By
contrast, information would likely not be considered widely disseminated if it is available only to the Company s employees. Nonpublic
information may also include: (i) information available to a select group of analysts or brokers or institutional investors; (ii) undisclosed
facts that are the subject of rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and (iii) information that has been entrusted to the
Company on a confidential basis until a public announcement of the information has been made and enough time has elapsed for the market
to respond to a public announcement of the information (normally two (2) trading days). 

Once
information is widely disseminated, it is still necessary to provide the investing public with sufficient time to absorb the information.
As a general rule, information should not be considered fully absorbed by the marketplace until after the second (2nd) business day after
the day on which the information is released. If, for example, the Company were to make an announcement on a Monday, you should not trade
in Company Securities until Thursday. Depending on the particular circumstances, the Company may determine that a longer or shorter period
should apply to the release of specific material nonpublic information. For purposes of this Policy, a business day is
any day that The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC is open for trading. 

As
with questions of materiality, if you are not sure whether information is considered public, you should either consult with the Compliance
Officer or assume that the information is nonpublic and treat it as confidential. 

Transactions
by Family Members and Others 

This
Policy applies to your family members who reside with you (including a spouse, a child, a child away at college, stepchildren, grandchildren,
parents, stepparents, grandparents, siblings, and in-laws), anyone 

5 

else
who lives in your household, and any family members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in Company Securities are
directed by you or are subject to your influence or control, such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in Company
Securities (collectively referred to as Family Members ). 

You
are responsible for the transactions of these other persons and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before
they trade in Company Securities, and you should treat all such transactions for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities
laws as if the transactions were for your own account. 

This
Policy does not, however, apply to personal securities transactions of Family Members where the purchase or sale decision is made by
a third party not controlled by, influenced by or related to you or your Family Members. 

Transactions
by Entities that You Influence or Control 

This
Policy applies to any entities that you influence or control, including any corporations, partnerships, or trusts (collectively referred
to as Controlled Entities ), and transactions by these Controlled Entities should be treated for the purposes of
this Policy and applicable securities laws as if they were for your own account. 

Transactions
Under Company Plans 

This
Policy does not apply in the case of the following transactions, if currently applicable, except as specifically noted: 

Stock
Option Exercises 

This
Policy does not apply to the exercise of an employee stock option acquired pursuant to the Company s plans, or to the exercise
of a tax withholding right pursuant to which a person has elected to have the Company withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy
tax withholding requirements. This Policy does apply, however, to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of
an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

This
Policy does not apply to the vesting of restricted stock, or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which you elect to have
the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any restricted stock. The Policy does
apply, however, to any market sale of restricted stock. 

6 

401(k)
Plan 

This
Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities in the Company s 401(k) plan resulting from your periodic contribution
of money to the plan pursuant to your payroll deduction election. 

This
Policy does apply, however, to certain elections you may make under the 401(k) plan, including: (i) an election to increase or decrease
the percentage of your periodic contributions that will be allocated to the Company stock fund; (ii) an election to make an intra-plan
transfer of an existing account balance into or out of the Company stock fund; (iii) an election to borrow money against your 401(k)
plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation of some or all of your Company stock fund balance; and (iv) an election to pre-pay
a plan loan if the pre-payment will result in allocation of loan proceeds to the Company stock fund. It should be noted that sales of
Company Securities from a 401(k) account are also subject to Rule 144, and therefore affiliates should ensure that a Form 144 is filed
when required. 

Employee
Stock Purchase Plan 

This
Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities in the employee stock purchase plan resulting from your periodic contribution
of money to the plan pursuant to the election you made at the time of your enrollment in the plan. This Policy also does not apply to
purchases of Company Securities resulting from lump sum contributions to the plan, provided that you elected to participate by lump sum
payment at the beginning of the applicable enrollment period. 

This
Policy does apply, however, to your election to participate in the plan for any enrollment period, and to your sales of Company Securities
purchased pursuant to the plan. 

Dividend
Reinvestment Plan 

This
Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities under the Company s dividend reinvestment plan resulting from your reinvestment
of dividends paid on Company Securities. 

This
Policy does apply, however, to voluntary purchases of Company Securities resulting from additional contributions you choose to make to
the dividend reinvestment plan, and to your election to participate in the plan or increase your level of participation in the plan.
This Policy also applies to your sale of any Company Securities purchased pursuant to the plan. 

Other
Similar Transactions 

Any
other purchase of Company Securities from the Company or sales of Company Securities to the Company are not subject to this Policy. 

7 

Transactions
Not Involving a Purchase or Sale 

Bona
fide gifts are not transactions subject to this Policy, unless the person making the gift has reason to believe that the recipient intends
to sell the Company Securities while the officer, employee, or director is aware of material nonpublic information, or the person making
the gift is subject to the trading restrictions specified below under the heading Additional Procedures and the sales by
the recipient of the Company Securities occur during a blackout period. 

Further,
transactions in mutual funds that are invested in Company Securities are not transactions subject to this Policy. 

Special
and Prohibited Transactions 

Certain
transactions are of concern not only because of insider trading considerations, but also because of the appearance created by the transaction
and the potential repercussions that the transaction may have with investors, regulators, and others. 

Accordingly,
the Company has determined that there is a heightened legal risk and/or the appearance of improper or inappropriate conduct if the persons
subject to this Policy engage in certain types of transactions. It therefore is the Company s policy that any persons covered by
this Policy may not engage in any of the following transactions, or should otherwise consider the Company s preferences as described
below. 

Short-Term
Trading 

Short-term
trading of Company Securities may be distracting to the person and may unduly focus the person on the Company s short-term stock
market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. For these reasons, any director, officer, or other employee
of the Company who purchases Company Securities in the open market may not sell any Company Securities of the same class during the six
(6) months following the purchase or vice versa. Directors and officers should note the short-term trading restrictions of Section 16(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). 

Short
Sales 

Short
sales of Company Securities (i.e., the sale of a security that the seller does not own) may evidence an expectation on the part of the
seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore have the potential to signal to the market that the seller lacks confidence
in the Company s prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce a seller s incentive to seek to improve the Company s
performance. For these reasons, short sales of Company Securities are prohibited. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act prohibits
officers and directors from engaging in short sales. (Short sales arising from certain types of hedging transactions are governed by
the paragraph below captioned Hedging Transactions. 

8 

Publicly-Traded
Options 

Given
the relatively short term of publicly-traded options, transactions in options may create the appearance that a director, officer, or
employee is trading based on material nonpublic information and focus a director s, officer s, or other employee s
attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in put options,
call options, or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this Policy. (Option
positions arising from certain types of hedging transactions are governed by the next paragraph below.) 

Hedging
Transactions 

Hedging
or monetization transactions can be accomplished through a number of possible mechanisms, including through the use of financial instruments
such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds. Such transactions may permit a director, officer, or employee
to continue to own Company Securities obtained through employee benefit plans or otherwise, but without the full risks and rewards of
ownership. When that occurs, the director, officer, or employee may no longer have the same objectives as the Company s other shareholders.
Therefore, directors, officers, and employees are prohibited from engaging in any such transactions. 

Margin
Accounts and Pledged Securities 

Securities
held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer
fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged or hypothecated as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the
borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic
information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company Securities, directors, officers, and other employees are prohibited from
holding Company Securities in a margin account and are strongly discouraged from pledging Company Securities as collateral for a loan.
Any person wishing to enter into a legitimate loan pledge arrangement must first submit the proposed transaction in writing for approval
by the Compliance Officer at least two (2) weeks prior to the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed transaction and
must set forth a justification for the proposed transaction and clearly demonstrate the financial capacity to repay the loan without
resorting to the pledged securities. The person making the request shall have no other contact with the Compliance Officer on that matter
and the Compliance Officer s decision shall be final and binding. (Pledges of Company Securities arising from certain types of
hedging transactions are governed by the paragraph above captioned Hedging Transactions. 

Standing
and Limit Orders 

Standing
and limit orders, except standing and limit orders under approved Rule 10b5-1 Plans, as described below, create heightened risks for
insider trading violations similar to the use of margin 

9 

accounts.
There is no control over the timing of purchases or sales that result from standing instructions to a broker, and as a result the broker
could execute a transaction when a director, officer, or other employee is in possession of material nonpublic information. The Company
therefore discourages placing standing or limit orders on Company Securities. If a person subject to this Policy determines that they
must use a standing order or limit order, the order should be limited to short duration and should otherwise comply with the restrictions
and procedures outlined below under the heading Additional Procedures. 

Additional
Procedures 

The
Company has established additional procedures in order to assist the Company in the administration of this Policy, to facilitate compliance
with laws prohibiting insider trading while in possession of material nonpublic information, and to avoid the appearance of any impropriety.
These additional procedures are applicable only to those individuals described below. 

Pre-Clearance
Procedures 

The
persons designated by the Compliance Officer as being subject to these procedures, as well as the Family Members and Controlled Entities
of such persons, may not engage in any transaction in Company Securities without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from
the Compliance Officer. 

A
written request for pre-clearance should be submitted to the Compliance Officer at least two (2) business days in advance of the proposed
transaction. The Compliance Officer is under no obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance, and may determine not
to permit the transaction. If a person seeks preclearance and permission to engage in the transaction is denied, then he or she should
refrain from initiating any transaction in Company Securities, and should not inform any other person of the restriction. 

When
a request for pre-clearance is made, the requestor should carefully consider whether he or she may be aware of any material nonpublic
information about the Company, and should describe fully those circumstances to the Compliance Officer. The requestor should also indicate
whether he or she has effected any non-exempt opposite-way transactions within the past six months, and should be prepared
to report the proposed transaction on an appropriate Form 4 or Form 5. The requestor should also be prepared to comply with SEC Rule
144 and file Form 144, if necessary, at the time of any sale. 

All
pre-cleared trades must be effected within five (5) business days of receipt of pre-clearance unless an exception is granted. Transactions
not effected within the time limit are subject to pre-clearance again. Within three (3) business days after the execution of the transaction,
the requestor shall notify the Compliance Officer of the date and size of the transaction. 

The
Compliance Officer shall document and maintain records relating to the pre-clearing request, the date of grant or denial, and other pertinent
information. 

10 

Blackout
Periods 

The
persons designated by the Compliance Officer as subject to this restriction, as well as their Family Members or Controlled Entities,
may not conduct any transactions involving the Company s Securities (other than as specified by this Policy), during a Blackout
Period beginning two weeks prior to the end of each fiscal quarter and ending on the second (2nd) business day following the date
of the public release of the Company s earnings results for that quarter. In other words, these persons may only conduct transactions
in Company Securities during the Window Period beginning on the third (3rd) business day following the public release of
the Company s quarterly earnings and ending fifteen (15) days prior to the close of the next fiscal quarter. 

Under
certain very limited circumstances, a person subject to this restriction may be permitted to trade during a Blackout Period, but only
if the Compliance Officer, with the advice of securities counsel if requested by the Compliance Officer, concludes that the person does
not in fact possess material nonpublic information and may otherwise trade. 

Persons
wishing to trade during a Blackout Period must make such request in writing to the Compliance Officer for approval at least three (3)
business days in advance of any proposed transaction involving Company Securities. All such trades are subject to the pre-clearance procedures
set forth above under Pre-Clearance Procedures. 

Event-Specific
Trading Restriction Periods 

From
time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few executives or directors (e.g., negotiation
of mergers, acquisitions or dispositions, investigation and assessment of cybersecurity incidents, or new product developments). The
involved directors or officers shall promptly notify the Compliance Officer of such event. While such event remains material and nonpublic,
the Company may impose special blackout periods Special Blackout Period during which executive officers, directors,
and such other persons designated by the Compliance Officer, together with their family members, are prohibited from trading in the Company s
securities. If the Company imposes a Special Blackout Period, it will notify those affected and will not announce its existence other
than to those who are aware of the event giving rise to the Special Blackout Period. If you know of the event, then even if the Compliance
Officer has not designated you as a person who should not trade due to an event-specific restriction, you should not trade while you
are aware of material nonpublic information. Exceptions will not be granted during an event-specific trading restriction period. Any
person made aware of the existence of a Special Blackout Period should not disclose its existence to any other person. 

In
addition, the Company s financial results may be sufficiently material in a particular fiscal quarter that, in the judgment of
the Compliance Officer, designated persons should refrain from trading in Company Securities even later than the typical Blackout Period
described above. 

11 

Exceptions 

The
quarterly trading restrictions and event-specific trading restrictions do not apply to those transactions to which this Policy does not
apply, as described above under the headings Transactions Under Company Plans and Transactions Not Involving a Purchase
or Sale. Further, the requirement for pre-clearance, the quarterly trading restrictions, and event-specific trading restrictions
do not apply to transactions conducted pursuant to approved Rule 10b5-1 plans, described under the heading Rule 10b5-1 Plans. 

Rule
10b5-1 Plans 

Rule
10b5-1 under the Exchange Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order to be eligible to rely on
this defense, a person subject to this Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5- 1 plan for transactions in Company Securities that meets certain
conditions specified in Rule 10b-5-1 (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ). If the plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, Company
Securities may be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. 

To
comply with the Policy, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be approved by the Compliance Officer and meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 and the
Company s Guidelines for Rule 10b5-1 Plans, which may be obtained from the Compliance Officer. In general, a Rule
10b5-1 Plan must be entered into at a time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information. Once
the plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are
to be traded, or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing, and timing of transactions in advance or provide
a third party irrevocable authority to effect such transactions at its own discretion, so long as the third party does not possess material
inside information about the Company at the time of the transaction. 

Any
Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be submitted in writing for approval by the Compliance Officer no less than five (5) business days prior to the
entry into the Rule 10b5-1 Plan. No further pre-approval of transactions conducted pursuant to the Rule 10b5-1 Plan will be required. 

The
Company may, on a case-by-case basis, announce publicly (whether by press release, on the Company website, or otherwise) that a key insider
has established a pre-arranged plan at the time the plan is entered into, in order to mitigate potentially adverse publicity if a programmed
trade on behalf of that insider occurs on some later date when the insider is in possession of material nonpublic information about the
Company. 

Post-Termination
Transactions 

This
Policy continues to apply to transactions in Company Securities even after termination of service to the Company. If an individual is
in possession of material nonpublic information when his or her service terminates, that individual may not trade in Company Securities
until that information has become public or is no longer material. 

12 

Consequences
of Violations 

The
purchase or sale of securities while aware of material nonpublic information, or the disclosure of material nonpublic information to
others who then trade in the Company s Securities, is prohibited by the federal and state laws. Insider trading violations are
pursued vigorously by the SEC, U.S. attorneys, and state enforcement authorities as well as the laws of foreign jurisdictions. 

In
addition, a person who tips others may also be liable for transactions by the tippees to whom he or she has disclosed material
nonpublic information. Tippers can be subject to the same penalties and sanctions as the tippees, and the SEC has imposed large penalties
even when the tipper did not profit from the transaction. 

Punishment
for insider trading violations is severe, and could include significant fines and imprisonment. While the regulatory authorities concentrate
their efforts on the individuals who trade, or who tip inside information to others who trade, the federal securities laws
also impose potential liability on companies and other controlling persons if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent
insider trading by company personnel. 

The
SEC can seek substantial civil penalties from any person who, at the time of an insider trading violation, directly or indirectly
controlled the person who committed such violation, which would apply to the Company and/or management and supervisory personnel.
These controlling persons may be held liable for up to the greater of 2.3 million or three times the amount of the profits gained or
losses avoided. Even for violations that result in a small or no profit, the SEC can seek penalties from a company and/or its management
and supervisory personnel as controlling persons. 

In
addition, an individual s failure to comply with this Policy may subject the individual to Company- imposed sanctions, including
dismissal for cause, whether or not the employee s failure to comply results in a violation of law. Needless to say, a violation
of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish a person s reputation and irreparably damage
a career. Given the severity of the potential penalties, compliance with this Policy is absolutely mandatory. 

Company
Assistance 

Any
person who has a question about this Policy or its application to any proposed transaction may obtain additional guidance from the Compliance
Officer, who can be reached by telephone at +86-17898843943 or via e-mail at ocean_wei147258369@163.com. 

Certification 

All
persons subject to this Policy must certify their understanding of, and intent to comply with, this Policy. Please complete and sign
the accompanying Certification page and return to Ding Wei at: ocean_wei147258369@163.com. 

13 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ding Wei, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Inno Holdings Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Omitted; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
December 9, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Ding Wei 

Ding
 Wei 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Tianwei Li, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Inno Holdings Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Omitted; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
December 9, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Tianwei Li 

Tianwei
 Li 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 of Inno Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation (the
 Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned
Principal Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

Date:
December 9, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Ding Wei 

Ding
 Wei 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 of Inno Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation (the
 Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned
Principal Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

Date:
December 9, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Tianwei Li 

Tianwei
 Li 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 inhd-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 inhd-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 inhd-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 inhd-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

