<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-K_edgar_data_1005731_0001493152-24-041147.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14830961</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>409772</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2764940</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4661940</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3051644</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3550995</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-041147.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015164626
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-041147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IDT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				223415036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16371
		FILM NUMBER:		241372397

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973 438 1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-041147.txt : 20241015

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934. 

 Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on 
 which
 registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Non-accelerated
filer 
 Smaller
reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the adjusted closing price
on January 31, 2024 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common
stock of 34.58 per share, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately million. 

As
of October 7, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of Class B common stock and shares of Class A common stock.
Excluded from these numbers are 4,535,028 shares of Class B common stock and 1,698,000 shares of Class A common stock held in treasury
by IDT Corporation. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Index 

IDT
Corporation 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

Part I 
 1 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 19 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 41 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity. 
 41 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 41 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 42 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 42 

Part II 
 42 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 42 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 44 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 44 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 
 57 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 58 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 58 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 58 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 59 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 59 

Part III 
 60 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 6 0 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 60 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 60 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 60 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 60 

Part IV 
 61 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 61 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 62 

Signatures 
 
 63 

i 

Part
I 

As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, IDT, we, 
 us, and our refer to IDT Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its predecessor, International Discount Telecommunications,
Corp., a New York corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the
fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2024 refers to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024). 

Item
1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

IDT
is a provider of point-of-sale terminal-based solutions, international money remittances and other financial technology, or fintech,
offerings, cloud communications and traditional communications services. Our businesses leverage one or more of our core strategic assets
to serve differentiated markets with innovative offerings. 

IDT s
key businesses are: 

National
 Retail Solutions (NRS ): Operates the leading point-of-sale, or POS, terminal-based platform
 for independent retailers in the United States including convenience stores, bodegas, liquor,
 grocery and tobacco stores. NRS purpose-built integrated hardware and software solution
 enables these stores to operate and process transactions more effectively. Through its NRS
 PAY offerings, NRS enables these retailers to accept and process credit, debit, and electronic
 benefit transfer payments. Leveraging its POS platform, including its customer-facing screens
 and transaction analytics, NRS also provides advertisers and marketers with unprecedented
 reach into the U.S. s predominantly urban, multi-cultural consumer markets; 

BOSS
 Money: Provides international money remittance services marketed primarily to immigrant
 communities across the United States and Canada. BOSS Money makes it easy and convenient
 for customers to send money to friends and family in 50 countries in Latin America and the
 Caribbean, Africa, Europe, and Asia. BOSS Money transfers are initiated both digitally, through
 the popular BOSS Money and BOSS Revolution apps, and through a nationwide network of licensed
 BOSS Money retail agents who can accept cash payments; 

net2phone:
 Operates a global, cloud platform that provides businesses in North America, South America,
 and many other countries around the world with unified communications as a service (UCaaS)
 offerings marketed under its Unite brand and contact center as a service (CCaaS) offerings
 under its uContact brand, as well as other, smaller offerings to enable intelligent business
 communications; 

IDT
 Digital Payments: Provides a wide range of prepaid digital products including mobile
 airtime top-up, mobile data bundles, digital gift cards, eSIMs and other offerings directly
 to consumers through BOSS retail and digital channels. (Mobile airtime top-up enables
 customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and data to international
 and domestic mobile accounts.) IDT Digital Payments also serves the enterprise space via
 Zendit, its prepaid-as-a-service platform. Zendit enables businesses, entrepreneurs, and
 developers to offer prepaid digital offerings globally including mobile airtime top-up, mobile
 data bundles, digital gift cards, eSIMs and prepaid utility payments; 

BOSS
 Revolution (formerly BOSS Revolution Calling) : Provides international long-distance voice
 service marketed primarily to immigrant communities in the United States and Canada. BOSS
 Revolution is provisioned through the popular BOSS Revolution app and calling cards 
 sold by a robust network of over 28,000 BOSS Revolution retail agents; and 

IDT
 Global : Provides wholesale international voice termination, virtual numbers, and SMS
 termination solutions to telecoms worldwide. Through its IDT Express branded self-provisioning
 portal, IDT Global also serves small and medium businesses. 

IDT
also operates other, smaller businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

SEGMENT
REPORTING 

We
have four reportable business segments: (1) National Retail Solutions, or NRS; (2) Fintech; (3) net2phone; and (4) Traditional Communications. 

1 

The
NRS segment, which contributed revenue of 103.1 million in fiscal 2024 and 77.1 million in fiscal 2023 (8.6 and 6.2 of our total
revenues, respectively) comprises our NRS business. 

The
Fintech segment, which contributed revenue of 120.7 million in fiscal 2024 and 86.6 million in fiscal 2023 (10.0 and 7.0 of our total
revenues, respectively), comprises our BOSS Money remittance business and other, significantly smaller, financial services businesses. 

The
net2phone segment, which contributed revenue of 82.3 million in fiscal 2024 and 72.4 million in fiscal 2023 (6.8 and 5.8 of our total
revenues, respectively), offers unified communications as a service, or UCaaS, and contact center as a service, or CCaaS, and other significantly
smaller offerings that leverage the cloud to enable intelligent business communications. 

The
Traditional Communications segment, which contributed revenue of 899.6 million in fiscal 2024 and 1,002.7 million in fiscal 2023 (74.6 
and 81.0 of our total revenues, respectively) includes IDT Digital Payments, BOSS Revolution, and IDT Global, as well as other small
businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

Financial
information by segment is presented in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report. 

Our
headquarters is located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102. The main telephone number at our headquarters is (973) 438-1000
and our corporate website s home page is www.idt.net. 

We
make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to these reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more
than 10 of our equity through the investor relations page of our website (http://ir.idt.net/) as soon as reasonably practicable after
such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our website also contains information not incorporated
into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

KEY
EVENTS IN OUR HISTORY 

1990
 Howard S. Jonas, our founder, launches International Discount Telephone to provide international call re-origination services. 

1995
 We begin selling wholesale services to other long-distance carriers by leveraging our access to favorable international telephone
rates generated by our retail calling traffic. 

1996
 We successfully complete an initial public offering of our common stock. 

2000
 We complete the sale of a stake in our net2phone subsidiary, a pioneer in the development and commercialization of Voice over
Internet Protocol, or VoIP, technologies and services, to AT T for approximately 1.1 billion in cash. We subsequently repurchased
net2phone from AT T. 

2001
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE. 

2006
 We sell our Russian telecom business, Corbina, for 129.9 million in cash. 

2007
 We complete the sale of IDT Entertainment to Liberty Media for 220.0 million in cash, stock and other considerations. 

2008
 We launch BOSS Revolution, a pay-as-you-go international calling service. BOSS Revolution has since become our flagship brand,
and the BOSS Revolution platform has expanded to include payment offerings. 

2009
 We spin-off our CTM Media Holdings subsidiary to our stockholders. CTM Media Holdings was subsequently renamed IDW Media Holdings,
Inc. 

2011
 We spin-off our Genie Energy Ltd. subsidiary to our stockholders. Genie Energy s common stock is listed on the NYSE with
the ticker symbol GNE . 

2013
 We spin-off our subsidiary, Straight Path Communications, Inc., or Straight Path, including its wireless spectrum holdings, to
our stockholders. Straight Path was purchased in February 2018 by Verizon Communications Inc. 

2 

We
 introduce our BOSS Revolution app for Android and iOS. 

We
 launch our BOSS Money international remittance service. 

2014
 We sell our stake in Fabrix Systems, a pioneer in cloud storage and network delivery technologies, to Ericsson for 69 million. 

2015
 net2phone launches its UCaaS offering in the United States. 

2016
 We spin-off our Zedge subsidiary to our stockholders. Zedge s stock is listed on the NYSE American with the ticker symbol
 ZDGE . 

We
 launch NRS to provide POS-based services to independent retailers in the United States. 

net2phone
 initiates global expansion of its UCaaS offering with a launch in Brazil. 

2017
 We introduce our BOSS Money app for Android and iOS. 

2018
 We spin-off our Rafael Holdings, Inc. subsidiary to our stockholders. Rafael Holdings stock is listed on the NYSE with
the ticker symbol RFL . 

2019
 NRS launches NRS PAY, enabling retailers to accept credit cards and other forms of digital payment. 

2020
 net2phone introduces its Huddle video conferencing solution and integration with Microsoft Teams. 

2021
 net2phone launches integrations with Salesforce and Zapier among others, and HIPAA-compatible solutions for healthcare providers. 

Offerings
 of our BOSS Money remittance service are integrated into the BOSS Revolution app. 

2022
 net2phone acquires Integra CCS, or Integra, a CCaaS provider operating in the Americas and Europe. 

NRS
 launches its eWIC service, enabling NRS retailers to accept electronic benefits vouchers
 from the beneficiaries of the popular Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and
 Children, or WIC. 

2023
 NRS expands its POS network to Canada, enrolling its first retailers in Ontario. 

-
IDT Digital Payments launches Zendit, a global prepaid-as-a-service platform. 

2024
- We initiate payment of a regular quarterly dividend to holders of our Common Stock. 

BOSS Money begins offering domestic money transfers, enabling both banked and unbanked customers to send money to friends and family
within the United States. 

OUR
STRATEGY 

We
operate a portfolio of interrelated businesses. Each of the businesses leverages one or more of our core strategic assets assets
that we have carefully built during the more than thirty years since our inception. They include: 

Our
 key brands including NRS, net2phone, BOSS Revolution, BOSS Money, IDT Digital Payments and
 IDT Global; 
 
 Our
 nationwide network of more than 30,000 independent retailers who operate NRS s POS-based
 platform and approximately 28,000 BOSS Revolution and BOSS Money retailers who utilize our
 digital retailer platform; 
 
 Our
 customer base of more than eight million users, primarily in immigrant communities within
 the United States; 
 
 Our
 technology, global infrastructure and high-capacity transaction platforms; 
 
 Extensive
 VoIP and cloud services expertise; and 
 
 Our
 staff of approximately 2,300 dedicated personnel working in over 20 countries on four continents
 including in-house technology and product development teams. 

In
recent years, we leveraged these assets to build our three high-margin, growth businesses NRS, net2phone, and BOSS Money.
Each of these businesses development has been principally organic and financed with the cash flows generated by our more mature
businesses including IDT Digital Payments, BOSS Revolution and IDT Global. Consequently, we avoided debt financing and dilutive capital
raises while building an exceptionally strong balance sheet. Today, each of these high-margin growth businesses is cash-flow positive
and positioned to significantly expand its operations in pursuit of significant market opportunities. 

3 

Our
IDT Digital Payments business provides prepaid digital offerings, principally mobile top-up, directly to consumers through BOSS 
retail and digital channels. We also sell over 3,500 digital gift cards from around the world, as well as over 2,000 digital data-only
eSIM plans to more than 150 countries. Through its Zendit enterprise platform, IDT Digital Payments enables businesses, entrepreneurs,
and developers to offer over 16,000 prepaid digital offerings to their audiences globally. 

Our
BOSS Revolution and IDT Global businesses operate in the paid-minute voice communications market. Like other operators in this market,
these businesses are subject to intense revenue and margin pressure as consumers continue to migrate to free over-the-top voice and messaging
services and to flat-rate international long-distance plans. We have worked to counter the impacts of these trends by continually innovating
and deploying new features and enhancements to augment the contributions of these offerings while reducing their associated overhead
and operating expenditures. To date, these efforts have significantly offset the bottom-line impacts of these offerings revenue
declines. Nevertheless, we expect that the revenues and cash-flows generated by the BOSS Revolution and IDT Global businesses will decline
appreciably in the coming years as the overall paid communications market continues to contract. 

On
a consolidated basis, the increasing revenue and gross margin contributions from our high-margin growth businesses in combination with
our efforts to maximize the cash generation of our lower margin, more mature offerings have enabled us to improve our consolidated bottom-line
performance in recent years, to further strengthen our balance sheet, and to return value to stockholders through purchases of our Class
B common stock and payment of a quarterly dividend We expect that this trend will accelerate and continue to offset declining revenues
from our legacy businesses as our high-margin growth businesses gradually become more significant contributors to our financial results
relative to our declining paid-minute voice communications businesses. 

BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION 

National
Retail Solutions 

NRS
generated 103.1 million in revenues and income from operations of 21.6 million in fiscal 2024, as compared with revenues of 77.1 million
and income from operations of 14.4 million in fiscal 2023. 

NRS
operates a network of POS terminals at independent retailers throughout the United States and has a small but growing presence in Canada.
The NRS solution includes integrated hardware and software tools that enable these retailers to operate more efficiently and compete
more effectively against larger retail chains. 

The
POS terminal s hardware includes a cash register, barcode scanner, retailer and customer-facing hi-definition screens, a receipt
printer, and a credit card reader. NRS integrated, proprietary software is offered to retailers as a service and provides operational
tools including inventory management, sales tracking, price book management, and other useful features. NRS technology teams continuously
enhance the software and develop new features to better serve existing customers and facilitate expansion into additional retail market
segments. 

The
primary market for NRS POS terminals is the independently owned convenience, bodega, liquor, grocery, and tobacco stores in the
United States, many of which primarily serve foreign-born communities in urban areas. 

NRS
continues to increase the number of POS terminals active in its network. As of July 31, 2024, the
NRS POS network included approximately 32,100 terminals, an increase from 25,700 a year
earlier. We believe that our network of NRS retailers comprises the largest POS network serving convenience store retailers in the U.S.
by a significant margin. NRS sells its POS terminals through our and NRS own dedicated sales agents, through in-house telemarketing,
and through strategic relationships with wholesale distributors. 

NRS
generates revenue from a portfolio of services for both retailers and third parties. The vast majority of revenue is generated by recurring
services including: 

Merchant
 Services. Merchant services revenue is generated by NRS PAY, a service enabling retailers
 to accept and process payments made by credit cards, debit cards, electronic benefits transfer
 and other forms of electronic payment. The NRS PAY offering is attractive to retailers for
 several reasons: 

For
 new customers / retailers, NRS incentivizes retailers to also enroll in NRS PAY by reducing
 the cost of the NRS POS hardware; 

4 

NRS
 PAY s pricing model is straightforward and easily understood, NRS PAY does not charge
 hidden fees a frequent sore point for retailers under contract to other providers; 

NRS
 provides the NRS PAY equipment at no cost to the retailer; and 

NRS
 PAY offers several credit card processing plans that include a cash discount offering, a
 standard plan and customized pricing. 

NRS,
though NRS PAY, operates as an independent service organization (ISO), acting as an essential, retailer-facing intermediary between NRS
retailers and its payment facilitator. 

At
July 31, 2024, NRS had approximately 21,300 NRS PAY customers compared to approximately 15,800 a year earlier. 

Display
 Advertising . NRS offerings participate in the retail media network advertising
 market, which is uniquely positioned to reach consumers at or near their point of purchase.
 Through its NRS Digital Media brand, NRS operates a nationwide, digital retail media platform.
 The platform leverages the 15-inch digital consumer facing display screens on each NRS terminal
 enabling advertisers to engage customers at the time of purchase. NRS Digital Media offers
 its large inventory of static and video advertisements, including video accompanying third-party
 provisioned content, extensive reach into the predominantly urban, multicultural consumer
 market served by NRS retailers. It markets its advertising inventory through both programmatic
 and, to a lesser extent, direct channels to consumer package-good sellers and other brand
 marketers, government agencies and non-profits. 

Data
 and Analytics : NRS licenses its first party retail data from merchants operating the
 NRS POS system to consumer packaged goods brands, marketers, and other third-parties under
 its NRS Insights brand. This data captures product sales processed through the NRS POS at
 the transaction level including all scannable products identified with a universal product
 code (UPC) as well as items prepared or packaged in-house, i.e., brewed coffee, bakery, and
 food service. The data are provisioned based on the client s formatting and business
 requirements and are typically ingested into broader sales and marketing data warehouses.
 NRS Insights data typically fill a blind spot in overall retail sales, as the independent
 retailer market that NRS serves is often either under-represented through common data syndicators
 or not included in their tracked channels . Additionally, because NRS retailers 
 stores predominantly serve urban consumers, their shoppers over-index to multicultural demographics
 a view that may be diluted or unavailable through other data providers and aggregators. 

The
NRS Insights data are used by licensees both tactically and strategically. Common tactical applications of the data include sales enablement
activities such as identifying core item distribution voids and monitoring speed to shelf and adoption of new product launches. Popular
strategic applications of the data include gaining competitive intelligence, informing research and development activities, and informing
acquisition and merger strategies. 

NRS
Insights also provides analytical services to third parties, leveraging its data to answer high impact business questions including,
but not limited to, advertising measurement, market-basket studies, inventory (SKU) optimization, and price elasticity. 

Terminal-based
 software services . NRS offers retailers several pricing plans for its proprietary software
 solutions. These plans offer different levels of features depending on the retailer s
 needs. 

In
addition to these recurring sources of revenue, NRS also sells its POS terminals to retailers. 

We
believe that NRS competitive advantages include: 

Our
 purpose-built package of hardware and software is tailored specifically to the needs of independent
 retailers; 

Our
 established direct sales and marketing capabilities focused on independent retailers including
 our relationships with the wholesale distributors who supply these stores; 

Our
 POS terminal s 15 inch hi-definition customer-facing screen for displaying advertising
 and promotions provisioned via the NRS platform, and established relationships with supply
 side advertising platforms; 

Our
 ability to accept and target advertising and content in multiple formats to meet the needs
 of a diverse variety of potential advertising inventory buyers; 

5 

For
 our data analytics business, the scale of our network and unique reach into the urban consumer
 convenience store market; 

Our
 focus on urban markets with high concentrations of first- and second-generation immigrants
 that provides advertisers and marketers with unprecedented reach and insight into these communities; 

For
 NRS PAY, we are ideally positioned to supply payment processing services to retailers who
 purchase, or already utilize, our terminals, and appeal to many more potential customers
 through simplified, transparent pricing plans with credit card terminals, no hidden fees
 and lower total cost to operate than most competitors; 

In
 certain states, NRS PAY s solution is licensed to accept governmental electronic benefit
 transfers that certain competitors may not be licensed to accept; 

Because
 of our large scale compared to newcomers and small competitors, we are able to attractively
 price our software-as-a-service fees at levels that are generally well below theirs; 

Our
 ability to leverage new offerings for retailers through third party providers who are attracted
 by our scale and the flexibility of our platform; and 

Our
 experienced and proven management team, many of whom have been with NRS since inception. 

NRS 
growth strategy includes: 

Expansion
 of our POS terminal network into new retail verticals enabled, in some markets, by the development
 of new POS hardware formats and software functionalities; 

Subsidize
 the POS hardware, particularly for retailers who also enroll in NRS PAY; 

For
 NRS PAY, conversion of current NRS terminal customers, particularly as contracts with their
 existing credit card processors expire, and conversion of existing NRS PAY customers to higher
 margin pricing plans; 

For
 NRS advertising, integrations with new programmatic advertisers and the development of differentiated
 offerings that enable us to more effectively leverage the unique strengths of our platform; 

Develop
 partnerships to provide NRS retailers with robust home delivery service options; and 

Build
 out the NRS digital wholesale supply channel to provide NRS retailers with new cost-effective
 supply options. 

Competition 

Currently,
nationwide POS platform service providers, including Square, Toast, Lightspeed, Clover, and NCR, primarily serve retail chains or are
focused on other retail segments, such as sit-down restaurant chains. 

NRS
markets its POS platform offerings primarily to independent convenience stores, including bodegas, and other small format retailer store
owners including liquor and tobacco stores. Historically, many of NRS customers have not previously used a POS system. In cases
where NRS target market is using or does consider an alternative solution, we believe that NRS suite of proprietary software
solutions, affordable and discounted POS equipment and free credit card terminals are key drivers behind its success versus the competition. 

NRS
expects to encounter more frequent direct competition from local and/or national POS networks as it expands to new adjacent target markets. 

Fintech 

Fintech
is comprised of BOSS Money and other, significantly smaller, financial services businesses. Fintech revenues were 120.7 million in fiscal
2024 compared to 86.6 million in fiscal 2023. Fintech s loss from operations was 0.1 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 2.5
million in fiscal 2023. BOSS Money revenues were 108.3 million in fiscal 2024, an increase of 40.8 from revenues of 76.9 million in
fiscal 2023. 

BOSS
Money enables customers in the United States and Canada to send money conveniently and affordably to third parties around the world.
International remittances are a primary economic activity for the tens of millions of first- and second-generation immigrants in the
United States. At July 31, 2024, BOSS Money provided its remittance service to 49 countries through approximately 1,300 payer entities
and its payout network included over 235,000 cash payout locations worldwide in addition to bank deposits, mobile money wallets, credit
to debit cards, and home delivery payout options. 

6 

BOSS
Money is offered directly to consumers via our digital channels including the BOSS Money app and the BOSS Revolution app. To utilize
our digital channel, customers can charge their debit or credit cards or authorize ACH transfers from their bank accounts. 

Our
retail channel network comprises licensed and authorized BOSS Money agents nationwide. Customers can initiate transfers through a BOSS
Money agent with cash as well as with their debit or credit cards. 

We
continue to build our retail origination network by using our internal sales force to recruit new BOSS Money retailers, primarily focusing
on retailers that already provision BOSS Revolution and IDT Digital Payments services. To qualify to provide our service, BOSS Money
retailers must meet certain stringent financial and other regulatory qualifications. We also continue to enhance the BOSS Money retailer
portal and platform to make transaction execution more convenient for retailers, the majority of whom host multiple remittance providers. 

We
continue to expand our BOSS Money customer base at rates well above the domestic remittance industry s average by marketing to
the large BOSS Revolution customer base, as well as by targeting new customers directly, primarily through attractive fee and foreign
exchange rate offers, through both our digital and retail channels, but also through online, media and events advertising. 

BOSS
Money generates revenues from a per-transaction fee charged to the customer and from foreign exchange differentials. Our transaction
costs include commissions paid when the transaction is initiated by a retail agent, payment to the international disbursing agent, banking,
compliance and foreign currency exchange costs, and, for digital transfers, credit and debit card processing fees. 

BOSS
Money s gross margins are typically higher on remittances initiated through our digital channels compared to retail channel transactions,
as we pay retail agents transaction-based commissions on the latter. 

Competition
and Competitive Strengths 

The
money transfer industry is intensely competitive, with participants ranging from banks, digital remittance providers, fintech startups
and traditional remitters. Digital competitors such as Xoom (a subsidiary of PayPal), Wise, Remitly, and Sendwave along with traditional
money remitters, including Western Union, Ria, MoneyGram, Intermex and Viamericas compete in the remittance space. Increased competition
could result in lower prices, slimmer margins, lower profitability and potential loss of market share.
The ability to adjust pricing and continuously innovate is crucial but also erodes margins. As competition in the remittance market intensifies,
there is a need to increase investment in marketing and promotions to attract and retain customers, which could lead to higher costs
and tighter margins. BOSS Money will also face challenges in retaining customers as the market becomes more competitive, and high churn
rates or failure to increase customer loyalty could negatively impact long-term growth. 

We
continue to compete successfully in part by migrating customers from our other BOSS offerings to BOSS Money leveraging our highly regarded
BOSS brand, insights into our customers, and cross-marketing capabilities. We compete for customers outside the BOSS ecosystem primarily
based on brand reputation, low fees, and competitive foreign exchange rates. We believe that BOSS Money s competitive strengths
include: 

Our
 BOSS name is an established and trusted brand that has served immigrant communities in the
 United States for over a decade. We spend significantly on BOSS-branded marketing to support
 BOSS Revolution and BOSS Money. Through the nationwide network of over 28,000 BOSS Revolution
 retailers, the BOSS brand has a high-visibility storefront presence in many communities with
 significant immigrant populations; 

The
 BOSS customer eco-system includes the significantly larger customer bases of BOSS Revolution
 and IDT Digital Payments. We are able to significantly lower BOSS Money s customer
 acquisition costs, and therefore grow more efficiently, through our intensive cross-product
 marketing efforts within our eco-system; 

The
 BOSS Money and BOSS Revolution apps, which are used for the substantial majority of our transactions,
 are based on a proprietary, internally developed, scalable platform that has earned high
 marks from customers for its ease of use, reliability, and customer service; 

Our
 internal sales force, which serves our 28,000 BOSS Money retailers; 

7 

Our
 nationwide retail channel that enables underbanked and unbanked customers to initiate cash
 transactions; 

Our
 comprehensive compliance processes and procedures; and 

Our
 experienced management team. 

BOSS
Money s growth strategy includes: 

Expansion
 of our international payout network with a focus on certain popular destinations in Africa
 and Asia; 

Expansion
 of origination beyond the United States and Canada to the United Kingdom and, potentially
 over the longer term, to European countries with large immigrant populations; 

Continued
 migration of our BOSS Revolution and IDT Digital Payments customers from competitors to BOSS
 Money; 

Further
 enhancement to our BOSS Money app, BOSS Revolution app and retailer portal; 

Increasing
 the number of BOSS Money retail agents; and 

Addition
 of new features and offerings. 

net2phone 

net2phone s
revenues were 82.3 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 72.4 million in fiscal 2023. net2phone s income from operations was 1.7
million in fiscal 2024 compared to loss from operations of 2.8 million in fiscal 2023. 

net2phone
enables its customers to transform their communications by leveraging its cloud platform to provide solutions that enable more intelligent,
flexible and adaptive communications. net2phone operates in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Central and South America and Spain. 

net2phone s
offerings include: 

Unified
 Communications as a Service (UCaaS): net2phone s Unite branded UCaaS service
 utilizes its cloud platform to provide conversational continuity across channels from any
 connected device tethered or mobile and to measure, manage and analyze those
 communications for enhanced insight and productivity. net2phone provides its UCaaS customers
 that convert from on-premise PBXs with advanced Internet Protocol, or IP, desktop phones
 and/or with a bring-your-own-device solution accessed through its integrated web portal and
 through net2phone s mobile app. net2phone s UCaaS service includes multi-channel
 communications with voice management features, unlimited domestic and international calling
 to over 40 countries, robust messaging and chat tools, voicemail to email transcription,
 client analytics, AI-powered functionalities including instant call summaries and transcripts,
 internal team chat, the net2phone Huddle video conferencing service, and reporting and system
 management capabilities accessed through its online console. net2phone s UCaaS service
 integrates seamlessly with business communication platforms (such as Microsoft Teams and
 Slack), leading customer relationship management, or CRM, services (such as SalesForce, Zoho
 and others) and text-based communications platforms. net2phone adds features, enhancements
 and integrations on a regular basis leveraging its agile development philosophy. 

Contact
 Center as a Service (CCaaS) : net2phone offers robust and integrated cloud CCaaS solutions
 under its uContact brand. uContact provides omnichannel contact center solutions including
 workflows, forms, reports, dashboards, CRM alerts, and monitoring for inbound, outbound,
 or blended contact centers. uContact also offers gamification components to improve employee
 efficiency and engagement. uContact is sold either as a stand-alone offer or as a bundled
 solution with net2phone s UCaaS or SIP Trunking offerings. 

Huddle :
 net2phone s video and audio streaming solution, Huddle, is integrated with and provisioned
 through its unified communications offering, Unite. Huddle delivers a comprehensive feature
 set including phone dial-in conference options, robust user controls, single sign-on, noise
 cancelation, screen blur, Huddle reactions and complete on-the-go access. Huddle integrates
 fully with Google and Microsoft Outlook calendars. Conversations on Huddle are secure, and
 passcode protected. 

Session
 Initiation Protocol (SIP) Trunking : net2phone s SIP Trunking service provides high-quality
 voice channels from net2phone s expansive VoIP network directly to the client s
 on-premise IP-PBX. net2phone s SIP Trunking service has been certified for compatibility
 with leading IP-PBX vendors such as Avaya and 3CX. 

8 

These
offerings include advanced feature sets ideal for many mid-market scale businesses with 50 to 1000 seats. 

Other
net2phone differentiators include white glove customer service, integrations with third-party software and deep localization. net2phone s
global infrastructure, locally based sales and customer support teams and native language support, enable net2phone clients to retain
the look and feel of localized customer and user experiences. 

net2phone
goes to market through a synergistic combination of channel partnership and direct to end-user sales with differentiated approaches tailored
to each geographic market. 

net2phone
focuses primarily on an indirect go-to-market strategy in the majority of its markets, utilizing extensive networks of channel partners
including Technology Solutions Brokerages (TSBs), Tech Services Distributors (TSDs), Managed Service Providers (MSPs), and Value-Added
Resellers (VARs) partners. This channel-centric approach enables net2phone to efficiently reach its extensive target market of midsize
businesses, which rely heavily on these types of service providers to address their IT needs. net2phone s partner channel is overseen
by regional channel sales managers employed by net2phone. 

net2phone
is continuing to expand its direct-to-business channel in each of its markets through digital marketing, brand awareness campaigns, and
participating in local and regional events. 

Both
net2phone s channel partners and direct business customers choose its solutions because of our user-friendly offerings, availability
of in-house support agents, value proposition, and track record of reliability and stability. Channel partners value net2phone for its
extensive customization capabilities, frictionless and rapid quote generation, and competitive compensation backed by its dedicated
channel sales team. 

net2phone s
direct marketing to channel partners and end users includes search engine marketing, search engine optimization, third-party lead generation
platforms, social media marketing, webinars, industry focused events, and other forms of demand generation. 

net2phone s
indirect marketing funnels through its network of partners, technology distributors, and affiliates and includes tradeshows and local
events, marketing development support for partners and other forms of demand generation, layered with ongoing channel sales training,
proof of concepts and demos. 

net2phone
closely tracks its acquisition costs across both channels to ensure it is acquiring customers in a cost-efficient manner and consistent
with its targets for return on investment. 

net2phone s
growth strategy includes: 

Expanded
 AI-powered functionalities to further leverage the large and improving capabilities of language
 models to drive quantifiable improvements in customer engagement and business performance
 across its Unite and uContact platforms, and its Huddle video conferencing feature. net2phone
 AI was initially introduced on net2phone s platform in 2024, including instant call
 transcription and summarization features. 

Across
 its offerings, net2phone plans to introduce burstable line capacity that allows a customer
 to temporarily increase their bandwidth to handle short-term traffic spikes, providing end
 users with the option to leverage net2phone s robust network capabilities to temporarily
 exceed stipulated line limits, thereby enabling them to effortlessly add additional capacity
 during periods of brief demand volatility. 

For
 its Unite customers, net2phone plans to provide integration with WhatsApp. With this integration
 already available to uContact customers, clients will be able to send and receive
 WhatsApp messages on the net2phone portal. 

Premium
 plan tiers: net2phone offers multiple tiered plans with differentiated functionalities and
 pricing for its UCaaS and CCaaS offerings. To meet the needs of its customers and enhance
 revenue per customer, sales efforts will focus on upselling premium feature sets to existing
 customers as well as onboarding new customers on premium plans. 

Focus
 channel expansion on MSPs and resellers: net2phone s continuous product development
 makes its offerings increasingly attractive to larger, more complex organizations that demand
 more advanced feature sets. As a result, net2phone is focused on expanding its partnerships
 with both MSPs, who provision services to larger, more technologically demanding end users
 on a subscription basis, and resellers, who purchase services directly for subsequent resale,
 often under their own label, and who are responsible for customer onboarding and support. 

9 

Expansion
 of CCaaS: net2phone s uContact branded CCaaS solution enables net2phone to expand its
 channel partner portfolio by adding partners that focus mainly or exclusively on the CCaaS
 space. uContact also expands net2phone s total addressable market by allowing it to
 target larger enterprise accounts, business process optimization, or BPO, providers (outsourced
 call centers), and international contact centers, as well as entities that want an integrated
 UCaaS and CCaaS solution. net2phone expects CCaaS-driven opportunities will continue to increase
 its average user per customer considerably beyond what it experiences in the UCaaS space.
 In addition, Ucontact is expected to generate higher revenue per customer, while commanding
 stickier, longer-term relationships with customers. 

Selectively
 pursue acquisitions and strategic investments: net2phone may continue to selectively pursue
 acquisitions and strategic investments to strengthen its platform with new capabilities and
 solutions as well as to expand its position in its existing markets or to establish a presence
 in new markets. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe that net2phone s competitive strengths include: 

Proprietary
 communications-as-a-service product suite. net2phone provides a leading, proprietary
 cloud-based communications and collaboration platform for its customers. Key differentiators
 include net2phone s advanced feature sets, proprietary CCaaS offering, white glove
 customer service, integrations with third-party software, and deep localization. Through
 net2phone s platform, customers can access voice, video, chat and messaging services,
 softphone and mobile applications, customizable packages, and a partner portal. The seamlessly
 integrated solutions on net2phone s platform are delivered and centrally managed through
 an intuitive, single pane of glass master portal that allows channel partners
 and customers to easily monitor and manage the product offering. net2phone s CCaaS
 offering provides software for customized campaign management, including inbound and outbound
 call management, messaging, gamification, reporting, and live monitoring. net2phone s
 CCaaS offering is tailored for call centers ranging from 20 to 1,000 agents. net2phone supports
 seamless product suite integrations with leading third-party CRMs and text-based business
 collaboration platforms including Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, Zoho, Slack, Zapier, and
 Salesforce, with new integrations added to meet demand. 

Platform
 built for our channel partners. net2phone has built its platform to both serve the needs
 of its customers and to empower its channel partners. We believe that net2phone s platform
 provides its partners with an effective way to market and sell its comprehensive solutions
 to new customers and manage its existing customers. In addition, net2phone s integrations
 with leading third-party applications enable its partners to offer more comprehensive solutions.
 net2phone s suite of solutions is delivered to the marketplace both quickly, intuitively,
 and precisely. net2phone has developed a proprietary partner portal exclusively for its growing
 partner community. net2phone s channel partners can easily quote and deliver a net2phone
 proposal and agreement proceeding directly to onboarding. 

One
 World, One Platform . net2phone is deploying a single cloud-based platform to provide
 its unified communications service globally. This single-platform approach enables a consistent,
 holistic approach to new feature deployment, service upgrades, and marketing. The platform
 has been deployed in the United States, Brazil, and Mexico to date. 

Distribution
 power of net2phone s more than 2,500 active channel partners enhanced with an emergent
 direct to consumer strategy. net2phone s vast and growing partner network
 gives it tremendous leverage to grow its business customer base, increase revenue from its
 existing clients and expand its footprint to adjacent geographies. net2phone s platform
 is tailored to support channel partners and includes channel incentives built into its pricing
 structure, technology platform, and support services. net2phone puts its channel and customer
 priorities first. Channel partners are motivated to sell net2phone s offering due to
 its premier, localized channel partner support and marketing. While net2phone is primarily
 focused on strategically growing its channel sales, it has also been focusing on the expansion
 of its direct-to-business sales. 

Differentiated
 customer support and local market presence. net2phone offers channel partners and customers
 white glove customer service, integrations with third-party software, and deep localization.
 net2phone s on-the-ground presence in international markets accounted for approximately
 77 of its personnel at the end of fiscal 2024. Regional-based customer service and sales
 teams are a key differentiator and propel net2phone s international business. 

10 

Track
 record and focus on innovative solutions. net2phone s long track record of innovation
 includes the development of its proprietary UCaaS platform, including the Huddle video conferencing
 service, as well as numerous patents around virtualized communication technologies. 

Employee-friendly
 culture that allows net2phone to attract and retain talent . net2phone has sought to create
 a workplace and culture that is entrepreneurial, positive, employee-friendly and encourages
 its employees to work towards its shared goals of delivering innovative solutions to its
 customers and supporting its partners. As of July 31, 2024, net2phone had approximately 460
 employees worldwide, with 77 located outside of the United States. 

Competition 

net2phone s
most significant competitors in the UCaaS space include RingCentral, 8x8, Crexendo, Vonage, and Nextiva. Many of these companies offer
more widely recognized brands, larger and more developed marketing and sales forces and/or channel agent networks, and more advanced
product sets and solutions customized for specific market segments or verticals. These competitors offerings typically also support
integration of their services with other well-known, third-party CRM vendors as well as with various Google and Microsoft applications. 

The
CCaaS market is fragmented, highly competitive and evolving rapidly in response to shifting consumer behavior, especially the rapid adoption
of AI, mobile devices and social media. The proliferation of AI, mobile devices and social media is driving change in contact center
technology, as customers expect seamless communication across any channel according to their preference and needs. net2phone competes
with large legacy vendors that offer on-premise contact center systems, such as Avaya and Cisco. These legacy telephony vendors are increasingly
supplementing and replacing their traditional on-premise contact center systems with competing cloud offerings, through a combination
of acquisitions, partnerships, and in-house development. Additionally, net2phone competes with vendors that historically provided other
contact center services and technologies and expanded to offer cloud contact center software such as NICE, Five9, and Genesys. net2phone
also faces competition from many smaller contact center service providers such as Talkdesk and Seranova, as well as vendors offering
both unified communications and contact center solutions. In addition, Amazon and Twilio have introduced solutions aimed at companies
who wish to build their own contact centers with in-house developers. CRM vendors are also increasingly offering features and functionality
that were traditionally provided by contact center service providers. CRM vendors also continue to partner with contact center service
providers to provide integrated solutions and may, in the future, acquire competitive contact center service providers. 

net2phone s
competitors may enjoy competitive advantages over it, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories and larger marketing
budgets, as well as greater financial and/or technical resources. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, net2phone
expects competition to continue to intensify. 

Traditional
Communications 

Our
Traditional Communications segment generated 899.6 million in revenues and income from operations of 56.4 million in fiscal 2024, as
compared with revenues of 1,002.7 million and income from operations of 61.3 million in fiscal 2023. 

Traditional
Communications comprises the following businesses: 

IDT
 Digital Payments, which includes certain consumer prepaid offerings primarily mobile
 top-up, which enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging, and
 data to international and domestic mobile accounts, and Zendit, its cloud-based prepaid-as-a-service
 platform, which enables businesses and developers to offer prepaid digital offerings globally
 through their apps and websites; 

BOSS
 Revolution, an international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to immigrant
 communities in the United States and Canada; 

IDT
 Global, a wholesale provider of international voice and SMS termination and outsourced traffic
 management solutions to telecoms worldwide; and 

Other
 small businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses
 in harvest mode. 

IDT
Digital Payments 

IDT
Digital Payments revenues were 407.4 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 417.1 million in fiscal 2023 (45.3 and 41.6 of Traditional
Communications revenues in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively). The substantial majority of IDT Digital Payments 
revenue is from sales of international mobile top-up services. IDT Digital Payments offers mobile top-up for approximately 185 different
carriers in more than 100 countries, primarily in Latin America, the Caribbean and Africa. IDT Digital Payments leverages our platform
capabilities, our distribution reach into foreign-born communities and our relationships with mobile operators around the world. 

11 

IDT
Digital Payments is sold through the BOSS platform primarily through three channels: 

direct-to-consumer,
 through the BOSS digital channel, including our BOSS Revolution and BOSS Money apps, and
 the BOSS Revolution website; 

retail,
 through our BOSS Revolution retail network including direct provisioning by retailers using
 our BOSS Revolution retailer platform, NRS terminals and through mobile operator-branded
 top-up cards, and 

enterprise
 and wholesale, in which we provision international offerings for other businesses through
 Zendit s cloud-based prepaid-as-a-service platform. 

IDT
Digital Payments growth drivers include deployment of additional data-centric bundles to meet the growing demand for data from
mobile phone customers in developing countries worldwide, the introduction of digital gift cards and e-sims, cross selling to our current
BOSS Revolution and BOSS Money customers, expansion of the Zendit prepaid platform, and further expansion into the enterprise and wholesale
market as well as other regions. 

Competition 

IDT
Digital Payments major competitors include: 

international
 mobile operators, who seek to control more of their own distribution channel or create their
 own products that directly compete with IDT Digital Payments; and 

other
 service providers, distributors, and wholesalers, including DT One, Ding, and Recharge.com. 

We
believe that IDT Digital Payments competitive advantages include: 

our
 direct connection to most of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 mobile carriers worldwide; 

the
 strength of IDT s balance sheet, which allows us to compete effectively in capital
 intensive prepaid markets; 

our
 extensive distribution and retail networks that provide us with a strong presence in communities
 of foreign-born residents, a significant portion of which purchase our services with cash;
 and 

our
 strong omni channel approach, which includes the BOSS Revolution retailer network, the BOSS
 digital platform, including the BOSS Money and BOSS Revolution apps and the BOSS Revolution
 website, and the enterprise and wholesale channel. 

BOSS
Revolution 

BOSS
Revolution s revenues were 263.2 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 322.1 million in fiscal 2023 (29.3 and 32.1 of Traditional
Communications revenues in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively). 

BOSS
Revolution is a prepaid international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to foreign-born and under-banked consumers in
the United States and Canada, and a digital-only offering in Europe and Australia. 

BOSS
Revolution includes our flagship BOSS Revolution branded international long-distance prepaid calling service as well as
disposable hard cards sold under a variety of brands. In the United States, BOSS Revolution served, as of July 31, 2024, approximately
1.8 million customers per month. 

BOSS
Revolution is offered through our digital channels the BOSS Revolution app and website, and through our extensive national network
of BOSS Revolution retailers. 

BOSS
Revolution allows users to place international long-distance calls at affordable rates from the BOSS Revolution app or by calling an
access number. Regardless of how the call originates, our customers must first establish and top-up a prepaid BOSS Revolution account
that is linked to their phone. Customers can open a BOSS Revolution account for free and top-up with a debit or credit card using the
BOSS Revolution app, through the BOSS Revolution website (www.bossrevolution.com) or by phone, or with cash at any BOSS Revolution retailer.
Once the account is established and a call is placed, our platform recognizes the customer s phone through its network-provided
automatic number identification and seamlessly links each call to the corresponding BOSS Revolution account. Callers then enter their
destination phone numbers. BOSS Revolution customers account balances are debited at a fixed rate per minute or at a fixed amount
for calling plans to a specific country over a specified time period. In contrast to certain of our competitors, BOSS Revolution does
not charge connection, usage or breakage fees. BOSS Revolution s per minute rates vary by the destination country, city, and whether
the call is placed to a landline or mobile phone. Rates are published on the BOSS Revolution website and within the BOSS Revolution app. 

12 

Users
of the BOSS Revolution app constitute the majority of our customers to date. At July 31, 2024, approximately 1.25 million customers per
month utilized the BOSS Revolution app. 

In
the United States, we distribute our BOSS Revolution hard cards and other retail products primarily through our network of distributors
that, either directly or through sub-distributors, sell to retail locations. In addition, our internal sales force sells BOSS Revolution
and other platform products directly to retailers. 

At
July 31, 2024, approximately 28,000 retailers per month utilized our digital retailer platform to provision customers, the substantial
majority of whom pay the retailer in cash. In addition, we estimate that approximately 3,000 retailers resell our disposable hard cards
without utilizing our retailer portal. BOSS Revolution retailers are typically independent retailers serving foreign-born communities
with significant unbanked or under-banked populations. 

The
BOSS Revolution retailer portal can be accessed by any broadband enabled device. Through the portal, retailers can access our platform
to create accounts for new customers, add funds to existing customer balances and execute sales transactions. The platform provides us
with a direct, real-time interface with our BOSS Revolution retailers to create a cost-effective and adaptable distribution model that
allows us to target and promote services directly to distributors and retailers, to introduce and cross-sell new offerings, and to rapidly
adapt to changes in the business environment. 

In
the United States, the BOSS Revolution brand is supported by national, regional, and local marketing programs that include television
and radio advertising, online advertising and grass roots marketing at community and sporting events. In addition, we work closely with
distributors and retailers on in-store promotional programs and events. 

BOSS
Revolution s retail sales have traditionally been, and continue to be, strongest in the Northeastern United States and in Florida
because of our extensive local distribution network. We continue to grow BOSS Revolution s distributor relationships and expand
BOSS Revolution s retail network in other areas of the United States and Canada, including the Southwest and West Coast. 

Competition 

BOSS
Revolution is subject to fierce competition. While virtually any company offering communication services is a competitor, we face particularly
strong competition from Tier 1 mobile network operators who offer flat-rate international calling plans, other PIN-less prepaid voice
offerings, prepaid calling card providers, mobile virtual network operators, and VoIP and other over the top , or OTT, service
providers. Outside the United States, we also compete with large state-owned or state-sanctioned telephone companies. 

Many
of these companies, including AT T, Verizon, and T-Mobile, are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, engineering,
personnel, and marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition, and larger customer bases than we do. 

In
addition to these larger competitors, we face significant competition from smaller prepaid calling providers. 

From
time to time, competitors may offer rates that are substantially below ours, in an apparent attempt to gain market share. In some instances,
these rates are below what we believe to be the cost to provide the service. This predatory pricing can adversely affect our revenues
and our gross margins. 

The
continued growth of OTT calling and messaging services such as WhatsApp, Messenger, FaceTime, and others have adversely affected the
sales of BOSS Revolution and our other prepaid calling services. We expect the popularity of these IP-based services many of which
offer free voice and/or video communications to continue to increase, which will increase substitution for, and pricing pressure
on, our BOSS Revolution and other international prepaid calling offerings. However, free services typically require both the caller and
recipient to have a broadband connection. BOSS Revolution utilizes telephone networks to enable voice communications even when neither
party has broadband connectivity. 

Many
mobile operators offer unlimited international long-distance plans that include international destinations to which customers can place
direct calls from their mobile phones without time limitation. These plans now include some of our most popular international destinations.
The growth of these international unlimited plans adversely affects our revenues as these operators gain subscriber market
share. 

13 

Our
ability to compete successfully against these various operators and service providers stems from several factors, including: 

our
 interconnect and termination agreements, network infrastructure, and least-cost-routing system
 enable us to offer low-cost, high-quality services; 

our
 continued innovation with new plans tailored to the specific needs of different corridors
 and finding new ways of delivering more value to consumers striving to connect with third
 parties around the globe; 

our
 extensive distribution and retail networks provide us with a strong presence in communities
 of foreign-born residents, a significant portion of which purchase our services with cash; 

our
 BOSS Revolution brand is often highly visible in these communities and has a reputation for
 quality service and competitive, transparent pricing; 

our
 continued migration of our existing customers to our digital platform including the BOSS
 Revolution app; and 

our
 offering of synergistic IDT Digital Payments and BOSS Money over the BOSS Revolution platform
 that customers can conveniently access from their accounts. 

Our
ability to maintain and/or to capture additional market share will remain dependent upon our ability to continue to provide competitively
priced services, to maintain our distribution and retail networks, to increase usage through the BOSS Revolution app, and to innovate
new products and services to fit the evolving needs of our customers. 

IDT
Global 

IDT
Global s revenues were 201.1 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 230.3 million in fiscal 2023, contributing 22.4 and 23.0 of
Traditional Communications revenues in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. 

IDT
Global is one of the larger wholesale carriers of international long-distance minutes in the world. 

IDT
Global s telecommunications network is comprised of interconnections and commercial relationships that reach virtually every significant
global telecom operator. These relationships enable us to carry international telecommunications traffic to more than 200 countries around
the world. IDT Global s customers include our BOSS Revolution and net2phone businesses, major and niche carriers around the globe,
mobile network operators, and other service providers such as call aggregators. For many of these customers, particularly the major carriers,
we engage in buy-sell relationships, terminating their customers traffic in exchange for terminating our traffic with them. 

IDT
Global offers competitively priced international termination rates at several quality levels. We can offer competitively priced termination
services in part because of the large volumes of originating minutes generated by our BOSS Revolution business, our global platform powered
by proprietary software, our team of professional and experienced account managers and market makers, and our global network of interconnections
and relationships with other telecom operators. IDT Global s services are marketed and sold through our internal account management
team and the IDT Express digital portal. IDT Express focuses on delivering wholesale voice and direct inward dialing, or DID, services
to small and medium size businesses domestically and internationally. 

Traditional
Communications terminated 8.0 billion minutes in fiscal 2024, as compared to 9.3 billion minutes in fiscal 2023. IDT Global accounted
for 5.7 billion minutes and 6.3 billion minutes of the total Traditional Communications minutes in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023,
respectively. 

IDT
Global has a significant number of direct connections to Tier 1 providers in North America, Latin America, Asia, Africa, Europe, and
the Middle East. Tier 1 providers are the largest recognized licensed carriers in the country. Direct connections improve the quality
of the telephone calls and reduce the cost, thereby enabling us to generate more traffic with higher margins to the associated foreign
locales. We also have direct relationships with mobile network operators, reflecting their growing share of the voice traffic market. 

Termination
rates charged by Tier 1 and other providers of international long-distance traffic have been declining for many years. Nevertheless,
termination rates charged to us by individual Tier 1 carriers and mobile operators can be volatile. Termination price volatility on heavily
trafficked routes can significantly impact our minutes of use and wholesale revenues. 

14 

In
addition to offering competitive rates to our carrier customers, we emphasize our ability to offer the high-quality connections that
these providers often require. To that end, we offer higher-priced services in which we provide higher-quality connections, based upon
a set of predetermined quality of service criteria. These services meet a growing need for higher-quality connections for some of our
customers who provide services to high-value, quality-conscious retail customers. As of July 31, 2024, IDT Global, through its wholesale
carrier organization and IDT Express channel had more than 1,600 customers, including more than 280 carrier relationships globally. 

IDT
Global s revenues are generated by sales to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Postpaid customers typically include Tier 1 carriers,
mobile network operators, and our most creditworthy customers. The majority of IDT Global s prepaid customers connect via our IDT
Express portal. IDT Express offers the convenience of a mobile self-service portal paired with dedicated account managers backed by customer
support. Prepaid customers are typically smaller telecommunication companies as well as independent call aggregators. 

IDT
Global also offers outsourcing services to help fixed and mobile telephony operators enhance the profitability and value of their international
voice operations. IDT Global offers these operators customized solutions, including full outsourcing, handing all inbound and outbound
calls with or without switch management, and hybrid arrangements whereby the operator retains certain routes or customers directly. Pursuant
to these deals, IDT Global collaborates with the operators to provide a full range of international long-distance services to their respective
customers in-country and overseas. 

IDT
Global is subject to intense revenue and margin pressure as communications globally continues to transition away from international voice
calling to video conferencing and other collaboration platforms, low-cost or free messaging services, free peer-to-peer voice calls available
when both parties utilize broadband connections, and flat-rate international long-distance plans offered both by the largest mobile network
operators and niche mobile virtual network operators. 

Competition 

The
wholesale carrier industry has numerous entities competing for the same customers, primarily based on price and quality of service. 

IDT
Global participates in a global marketplace with: 

interexchange
 carriers and other long-distance resellers and providers, including large carriers such as
 T-Mobile, AT T, and Verizon; 

historically
 state-owned or state-sanctioned telephone companies such as Telefonica, Orange SA, and KDDI; 

on-line,
 spot-market trading exchanges for voice minutes; 

OTT
 internet telephony providers; 

other
 VoIP providers; 

other
 providers of international long-distance services; and 

alliances
 between large multinational carriers that provide wholesale carrier services. 

We
believe that IDT Global derives a competitive advantage over some participants on certain routes from several inter-related factors: 

our
 BOSS Revolution business generates originating minutes, which represents a desirable, negotiable
 asset that helps us win return traffic and obtain beneficial pricing which we can offer in
 the wholesale marketplace; 

the
 proprietary technologies powering our IDT Global platform and, in particular, the software
 that drives VoIP enables us to scale up at a lower cost than many of our competitors; 

our
 professional and experienced account management team; and 

our
 extensive network of interconnects around the globe, with the ability to connect in whichever
 format (IP or time-division multiplexing, or TDM) is most feasible. 

15 

Communications
and Payment Network Infrastructure and Technology Development 

Our
products and services utilize a combination of proprietary software and services as well as technologies and services provided by third
parties. We have developed intuitive user interfaces, customer tools and transaction processing, and database and network applications
that enable our users to reliably and securely complete transactions and help our customers and partners utilize our suite of services.
Our technology infrastructure simplifies the storage and processing of large amounts of data, eases the deployment and operation of large-scale
global products and services, and automates much of the administration of large-scale clusters of computers. 

Our
technology infrastructure has been designed around industry-standard architectures to reduce downtime in the event of outages or catastrophic
occurrences. We strive to continually improve our technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and to increase efficiency,
scalability, and security. Our platforms architecture enables us to connect parties regardless of whether the transaction is occurring
at a traditional physical location, online, or through a mobile device. Our platforms incorporate multiple layers of protection, both
for continuity purposes and to address cybersecurity challenges. We engage in multiple efforts to protect our software platforms against
these challenges, including regularly testing our systems to address potential vulnerabilities. 

Our
technology organization is responsible for the design, development, testing, and delivery of new software, technologies, and features
of our products and services, as well as the continued improvement and iteration of our existing products and services. Our technology
employees are distributed globally in our Newark, Jerusalem, Guatemala, Warsaw, and Minsk offices. Our technology team consists of our
software engineering, voice engineering, quality engineering, data warehousing, ML (Machine Learning) and AI (Artificial Intelligence)
development, data engineering, systems, NOC (Network Operations Center), and operations teams. We intend to continue to invest in our
research and development capabilities to extend our products and services. 

Our
technology organization uses several key performance indicators to track service quality that meet or exceed industry standards for Software-as-a-Service
and technology enabled services. Our technology organization maintained an aggregate service uptime of approximately 99.97 in fiscal
2024. The software defect escape ratio, a measure of quality engineering for our flagship BOSS Revolution brand, was 4 in fiscal 2024,
meaning more than 96 of product defects were detected and fixed internally before being released to our customers. Furthermore, this
high level of quality was achieved utilizing suites of proprietary tests of which the majority are fully automated by a combination of
proprietary software and technologies provided by third parties. 

Our
product offerings and go-to-market strategy continue to evolve, and we expect our product offerings to continue to become available to
customers at more frequent intervals than our historical release cycles. Our Agile development methodology is characterized by a dynamic
development process with more frequent revisions to a product release s features and functions as the software is being developed.
In addition, we have implemented a holistic portfolio management process, which has improved transparency and efficiency across the portfolio
through a recurring cadence of business reviews. 

REGULATION 

The
following summary of regulatory developments and legislation is intended to describe what we believe to be the most important, but not
all, current and proposed international, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, orders, and legislation that are likely to materially
affect us. 

Regulation
of Telecom in the United States 

Telecommunications
services are subject to extensive government regulation at both the federal and state levels in the United States. Any violations of
the regulations may subject us to enforcement actions, including interest and penalties. The Federal Communications Commission, or FCC,
has jurisdiction over all telecommunication s common carriers to the extent they provide interstate or international communications
services, including the use of local networks to originate or terminate such services. Each state regulatory commission has jurisdiction
over the same carriers with respect to their provision of local and intrastate communications services. Local governments often indirectly
regulate aspects of our communications business by imposing zoning requirements, taxes, permit or right-of-way procedures or franchise
fees. Significant changes to the applicable laws or regulations imposed by any of these regulators could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

16 

Regulation
of Telecom by the Federal Communications Commission 

In
1997, the FCC issued an order, referred to as the Universal Service Order, that requires all telecommunications carriers providing interstate
telecommunications services to contribute to universal service support programs administered by the FCC (known as the Universal Service
Fund). In addition, beginning in October 2006, interconnected VoIP providers, such as our subsidiary net2phone, are required to contribute
to the Universal Service Fund. These periodic contributions are currently assessed based on a percentage of each contributor s
interstate and international end user telecommunications revenues reported to the FCC. We also contribute to several other regulatory
funds and programs, most notably Telecommunications Relay Service, or TRS, FCC Regulatory Fees, and Local Number Portability (collectively,
the Other Funds). We and most of our competitors pass through Universal Service Fund and Other Funds contributions as part of the price
of our services, either as part of the base rate or, to the extent allowed, as a separate surcharge on customer bills. Due to the manner
in which these contributions are calculated, we cannot be assured that we fully recover from our customers all of our contributions.
In addition, based on the nature of our current business, we receive certain exemptions from Universal Service Fund contributions. Changes
in our business could eliminate our ability to qualify for some or all of these exemptions. As a result, our ability to pursue certain
new business opportunities in the future may be constrained in order to maintain these exemptions, the elimination of which could materially
affect the rates we would need to charge for existing services. Changes in regulation may also have an impact on the availability of
some or all of these exemptions. If even some of these exemptions become unavailable, they could materially increase our Universal Service
Fund or Other Funds contributions and have a material adverse effect on the cost of our operations and, therefore, on our ability
to continue to operate profitably, and to develop and grow our business. We cannot be certain of the stability of the contribution factors
for the Other Funds. Significant increases in the contribution factor for the Other Funds in general and the TRS Fund in particular can
impact our profitability. Whether these contribution factors will be stable in the future is unknown, but it is possible that we will
be subject to significant increases. 

Regulation
of Telecom by State Public Utility Commissions 

Our
telecommunications services that originate and terminate within the same state, including both local and in-state long distance services
are subject to the jurisdiction of that state s public utility commission, or PUC. The Communications Act of 1934, as amended,
generally preempts state statutes and regulations that prevent the provision of competitive services but permits state PUCs to regulate
the rates, terms and conditions of intrastate services, so long as such regulation is not inconsistent with the requirements of federal
law. We are certified to provide facilities-based and/or resold long-distance service in all 50 states and facilities-based and resold
local exchange service in 45 states. In addition to requiring certification, state regulatory authorities may impose tariff and filing
requirements, consumer protection measures, and obligations to contribute to the Universal Service Fund and Other Funds. Rates for intrastate
switched access services, which we both pay to local exchange companies and collect from long-distance companies for terminating in-state
toll calls, are subject to the jurisdiction of the state commissions. State commissions also have jurisdiction to approve negotiated
rates, or establish rates through arbitration, for interconnection, including rates for unbundled network elements. Changes in those
access charges or rates for unbundled network elements could have a substantial and material impact on our business. 

Regulation
of Telecom International 

In
connection with our international operations, we have obtained licenses or are otherwise authorized to provide telecommunications services
in various foreign countries. We have obtained licenses or authorizations in Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Denmark,
Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom,
and Uruguay. In numerous countries where we operate or plan to operate, we are subject to many local laws and regulations that, among
other things, may restrict or limit the ability of telecommunications companies to provide telecommunications services in competition
with state-owned or state-sanctioned dominant carriers. 

Regulation
of Internet Telephony 

The
use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide voice communications services is generally less regulated than traditional switch-based
telephony within the United States and abroad and, in many markets, is not subject to the imposition of certain taxes and fees that increase
our costs. As a result, we are able, in many markets, to offer VoIP communications services at rates that are more attractive than those
applicable to traditional telephone services. However, in the U.S. and abroad, there have been efforts by legislatures and regulators
to harmonize the regulatory structures between traditional switch-based telephony and VoIP. This could result in additional fees, charges,
taxes, and regulations on IP communications services that could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive
pricing advantages. Additionally, several foreign governments have adopted laws and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the
provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks. These efforts could likewise harm our ability to
offer VoIP communications services. 

Money
Transmitter and Payment Instrument Laws and Regulations 

Our
consumer payment services offerings include BOSS Money and various network branded, also called open loop , prepaid card
offerings. These industries are heavily regulated. Accordingly, we, and the products and services that we market in consumer payment
services, are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including: 

Banking
 laws and regulations; 
 
 Money
 transmitter and payment instrument laws and regulations; 

17 

Anti-money
 laundering laws; 
 
 Privacy
 and data security laws and regulations; 
 
 Consumer
 protection laws and regulations; 
 
 Unclaimed
 property laws; and 
 
 Card
 association and network organization rules. 

In
connection with the development of our money transmission services and the expansion of our network branded prepaid card offerings, we
have actively pursued our own money transmitter licenses. At July 31, 2024, we had received a money transmitter license in 48 of the
49 U.S. states that require such a license, as well as in Washington, D.C. 

Regulation
of Other Businesses 

We
operate other smaller or early-stage initiatives and operations, which may be subject to federal, state, local or foreign law and regulation. 

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

We
own numerous patents, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business. We actively
pursue the filing and registration of patents, domain names, trademarks, and service marks to protect our intellectual property rights
within the United States and abroad; in particular our registered trademarks and brands: IDT , BOSS Revolution , BOSS Money ,
net2phone and zendit . From time to time, we have also acquired or licensed intellectual property relating to present and future
business strategy. We believe that our technological position significantly depends on the technical experience, expertise, and creative
ability of our employees to maintain both our current businesses and pursue future business development. Our corporate policies require
all employees to assign intellectual property rights developed in the scope of, or in relation to our business to us, and to protect
all intellectual property and proprietary information and materials as confidential. 
 
Our global telecommunications switching and transmission infrastructure enables us to provide an array of telecommunications, internet
access and internet telephony services to our customers worldwide. We rely upon domestic and foreign patents, patent applications, and
other intellectual property rights, regarding our infrastructure and global telecommunication network for our international telecommunications
traffic and the international traffic of other telecommunications companies. 

EMPLOYEES
AND HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Attracting
and retaining qualified personnel familiar with our businesses who head our different businesses units is critical to our success. As
of October 1, 2024, we had a total of 1,833 employees, of which 1,820 were full-time employees. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing
and new employees, advisors and consultants. To accomplish that, our compensation practices are designed to attract and retain qualified
and motivated personnel and align their interests with our goals and with the best interests of our stockholders. Our compensation philosophy
is to provide compensation to attract the individuals necessary for our current needs and growth initiatives and provide them with the
proper incentives to motivate those individuals to achieve our long-term plans, which includes among other things, equity and cash incentive
plans that attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards. 

We
believe that talent attraction and retention are critical to our ability to achieve our strategy and that a trained, diverse and inspired
workforce is integral to delivering our objectives. Our recruiting process reaches a wide array of potential employees, and we employ
a rigorous screening process to ensure that we identify and hire quality professionals. 

We
are committed to diversity and inclusion in the workforce including a policy of non-discriminatory treatment and respect of human rights
for all current and prospective employees. We do not permit discrimination based on an individual s race, religion, creed, color,
sex, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, national origin or veteran s status, which is illegal in many jurisdictions.
We respect the human rights of all employees and strive to treat them with dignity consistent with standards and practices recognized
by the international community. 

18 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK
FACTORS 

Investing
in our Class B common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related
notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class B common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only
ones we face. If any of the risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Our
business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our business,
financial condition or operating results to be harmed, including, but not limited to, risks regarding the following: 

Risks
Related to our Businesses and Operations 

errors
 in our technology or technological issues outside our control; 
 
 cyberattacks
 impacting our networks or systems; 
 
 network
 disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure
 and related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers; 
 
 the
 failure, or perceived failure, of one or more of our products; 
 
 our
 international operations subject us to geopolitical and other risks including ongoing developments
 in Belarus, Ukraine and Israel; 
 
 failures
 in our data center or services; 
 
 our
 dependence on industry standard protocols and third-party software, including but not limited
 to open-source software; 
 
 our
 dependence on a single supplier or small group of suppliers; 
 
 changes
 to rates by our suppliers and increasing regulatory charges or tariffs; 
 
 our
 customers, particularly our IDT Global customers, and partners could experience financial
 difficulties; 
 
 technologies
 could affect our ability to track the results of ads and/or could block ads online; 

Risks
Related to Our NRS Business 

substantial
 and increasing competition in the POS industry and payment space; 
 
 a
 decline in advertising on the NRS platform due to macro-economic factors or otherwise; 
 
 the
 ability of NRS to develop products and services to address the market for POS products and
 services; 

Risks
Related to Our BOSS Money Business 

BOSS
 Money faces a complex and dynamic regulatory landscape; 
 
 BOSS
 Money depends on a licensed network of agents for its retail money remittance business; 
 
 adverse
 fluctuations in exchange rates can materially impact revenue and profitability; 
 
 money
 transfer services can be vulnerable to illegal activities and fraud schemes; 
 
 BOSS
 Money has less brand recognition in the money remittance space compared to larger players,
 which could make it harder to attract and retain customers; 

Risks
Related to Our net2phone Business 

competition
 against established well-financed alternative voice communication providers, who may provide
 comparable services at comparable or lower pricing; 
 
 the
 capacity, reliability, and performance of several third-party providers and their network
 infrastructure; 
 
 scaling
 the business efficiently or quickly enough to meet customers growing needs; 
 
 the
 integration of Integra s CCaaS business; 

Risks
Related to Our Traditional Communications Segment 

each
 of our BOSS Revolution and IDT Global businesses is highly sensitive to declining demand
 and prices; 

19 

obtaining
 sufficient or cost-effective termination capacity to particular destinations; 
 
 the
 termination of our carrier agreements with partners or our inability to enter into carrier
 agreements in the future; 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

we
 hold cash, cash equivalents, debt securities and equity investments that are subject to various
 market risks; 
 
 if
 we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we
 may not be able to accurately report our financial results; 

Intellectual
Property, Tax, Regulatory, and Litigation Risks (many of which are related to our Fintech segment, among others) 

protecting
 our proprietary technology; 
 
 claims
 of infringement of intellectual property rights of others; 
 
 tax
 and regulatory audits; 
 
 legal
 proceedings; 
 
 our
 disbursement partners and our payment processors ability to comply with a wide
 range of laws and regulations intended to help detect and prevent illegal or illicit activity; 
 
 licensing
 and other requirements imposed by regulators and governments; 
 
 our
 collection, processing, storage, use, and transmission of personal data; 
 
 collection
 of sales and use, value added, or similar taxes; 
 
 certain
 imminent FCC Orders and rules that effect the telecommunications marketplace; 
 
 our
 ability to comply with requirements for debit card, credit card, and other digital payment
 methods; 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Structure 

holders
 of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class
 A common stock; and 
 
 Howard
 S. Jonas, our Chairman and Chairman of the Board, holds shares that, in the aggregate, represent
 more than a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Businesses and Operations 

Errors
in our technology or technological issues outside our control could cause delays or interruptions to our customers. 

Our
services can be disrupted by issues with our networks, platforms, technology, and systems, including malfunctions in our servers, processors,
software or facilities. In addition, there may be service interruptions for reasons outside of our control. Our customers and potential
customers subscribing to our services have experienced such interruptions in the past and may experience such interruptions in the future
as a result of these types of problems or others which may or may not be in our control. Such interruptions may cause us to lose customers
and/or offer customer credits, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Network and telecommunication interruptions
may also impair our ability to sign-up new customers. 

Cyberattacks
impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Cyberattacks,
including through the use of malware, ransomware, computer viruses, denial of services attacks, credential harvesting, social engineering
and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to or disrupting the operation of our networks and systems and those of our suppliers,
vendors and other service providers, could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyberattacks may cause equipment failures, loss of
information (including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information), or
disruptions to our or our customers operations. Furthermore, ransomware could potentially deny the use of our systems until a
ransom is paid. Cyberattacks against companies, including us, have increased in frequency, scope, and potential harm in recent years.
They may occur alone or in conjunction with physical attacks, especially where disruption of service is an objective of the attacker.
The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating to address
their increasing prevalence and sophistication. While, to date, we have not been subject to cyberattacks that, individually or in the
aggregate, have been material to our operations or financial condition, the preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated
with cyberattacks, including protection of our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a cyberattack
in the future. 

20 

The
inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyberattacks,
even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses to us and/or a loss of revenue and market share. The costs associated
with a major cyberattack on us could include expensive incentives offered to existing customers and business partners to retain their
business, increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption,
and litigation. Further, certain of our businesses, such as those offering cloud services to business customers, could be negatively
affected if our ability to protect our own networks and systems is called into question because of a cyberattack. In addition, a compromise
of security or a theft or other compromise of valuable information, such as financial data and sensitive or private personal information,
could result in lawsuits and government claims, investigations, or proceedings. Any of these occurrences could damage our reputation,
adversely impact customer and investor confidence and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 

We
could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure and
related systems or of those we operate for certain of our customers. 

To
be successful, we need to continue to have available, for our and our customers use, a high capacity, reliable and secure network.
We face the risk, as does any company, of a security breach, whether through cyberattack, malware, computer viruses, sabotage, or other
significant disruption of our IT infrastructure. As such, there is a risk of a security breach or disruption of the systems we operate,
including possible unauthorized access to our and our customers proprietary or classified information. We are also subject to
breaches of our respective networks resulting in unauthorized utilization of our services or products, which subject us to the costs
of providing those products or services, which are likely not recoverable. The secure maintenance and transmission of our and our customers 
information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit customer
information, or those of service providers or business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network
security, or that of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions
by our employees, or those of a third-party service provider or business partner. As a result, our or our customers information
may be lost, disclosed, accessed, or taken without our or our customers consent, or our product and service may be used without
payment. 

Although
we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and systems, there can be no assurance
that our respective security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful
or damaging, especially in light of the growing sophistication of cyberattacks and intrusions sponsored by state or other interests.
We may be unable to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative
measures. Certain of our business units have been the subject of attempted and successful cyberattacks in the past. We have researched
these situations and do not believe any material internal, or customer information has been compromised. 

Network
disruptions, security breaches and other significant failures of the above-described systems could (i) disrupt the proper functioning
of our networks and systems and therefore our operations or those of certain of our customers; (ii) result in the unauthorized use of
our services or products without payment; (iii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation
or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including trade secrets,
which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; and (iv) require
significant management attention or financial resources to remedy the damages that result or to change our systems and processes. We
could be subject to claims for contract breach, damages, credits, fines, penalties, termination, or other remedies from our customers,
and subject to additional scrutiny or litigation by regulators, as a result of network disruptions, security breaches and other significant
failures of the above-described systems, any or all of which could result in a loss of business, damage to our reputation among our customers
and the public generally and have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

If
technology that drives one or more of our products fails, or is perceived to fail, or if there are technical defects, our reputation
could be harmed, our market share may decline, and we could be subject to various liability claims. 

The
technology that drives and supports our products may contain undetected errors or defects that may result in failures or otherwise cause
our products to fail to perform in accordance with customer expectations and contractual obligations. Moreover, our customers could incorrectly
implement or inadvertently misuse our products, which could result in customer dissatisfaction and harm the perceived utility of our
products and our brand. Because our customers use our products for mission-critical aspects of their business, any real or perceived
errors or defects in, or other performance problems with, our products may damage our customers businesses and could significantly
harm our reputation. If that occurs, we could lose future sales, or our existing customers could cancel our services, seek payment credits,
seek damages against us, or delay or withhold payment to us, which could result in service credits that reduce our revenues, an increase
in collection cycles for accounts receivable, an increase in our provision for uncollectible accounts, and ultimately harm our financial
results. Product performance problems could result in loss of market share, reputational harm, failure to achieve market acceptance and
the diversion of development resources. 

21 

In
addition, since telecommunications billing and associated telecom taxes, and the related calculations and billing of telecom taxes, are
inherently complex and require highly sophisticated information systems to administer, our billing system may experience errors or we
may improperly operate the system, which could result in the system incorrectly calculating the fees owed by our customers or related
taxes and administrative fees. Customers also may make indemnification or warranty claims against us, which could result in significant
expense and risk of litigation. 

Any
product liability, intellectual property, warranty, or other claims against us could damage our reputation and relationships with our
customers and could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or pay significant settlements or damages. Although
we maintain general liability insurance, including coverage for errors and omissions, this coverage may not be sufficient to cover liabilities
resulting from such claims. Also, our insurers may disclaim coverage. Our liability insurance also may not continue to be available to
us on reasonable terms, in sufficient amounts, or at all. Any contract or product liability claims successfully brought against us would
harm our business. 

Failure
in our data center or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. 

All
data centers, including ours, are subject to various points of failure. Problems with cooling equipment, generators, uninterruptible
power supply, routers, switches, or other equipment, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions for our
customers as well as equipment damage. Any failure or downtime could affect a significant percentage of our customers. The destruction
or severe impairment of our data center facilities could result in significant downtime of our services and the loss of customer data. 

Our
ability to provide cloud-based communication services is dependent upon our physical and cloud-based infrastructure. While most of our
physical equipment required for providing these services is redundant in nature, certain types of failures or malfunctioning of critical
hardware/software equipment, including but not limited to fire, water or other physical damage may impact our ability to deliver continuous
service to our customers. Acts of God or terrorism or vandalism or negligence or gross negligence of person(s) currently or formerly
associated with us including failure to properly update and maintain infrastructure may result in loss of revenue, profitability, and
failure to retain and acquire new customers. 

Our
ability to recover from disasters or failures, if and when they occur, is paramount to offering continued service to our existing customers.
We maintain telecommunications points of presence in Brazil, Canada, and Spain. These network footprints do not guarantee continued reliability
if a catastrophic event occurs. Despite implementation of network security measures, our servers may be vulnerable to computer viruses,
break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems including, but not limited to, denial of service
attacks. In addition, if there is a breach or alleged breach of security or privacy involving our services, including but not limited
to data loss, or if any third party undertakes illegal or harmful actions using our communications or e-commerce services, our business
and reputation could suffer substantial adverse publicity and impairment. We have experienced interruptions in service in the past. We
have taken and continue to take steps to improve our infrastructure to prevent service interruptions. 

In
addition to our physical infrastructure, we have a cloud infrastructure deployment with Amazon Web Services, or AWS, and Google Cloud
that supplements and extends our physical infrastructure. We utilize AWS and Google Cloud s high availability configurations
using multiple availability zones and, in some cases, we have services deployed in multiple AWS regions. However, we do not have cross
region redundancy, which means we cannot guarantee continued reliability if AWS or Google Cloud suffers a catastrophic event which disrupts
a region in which we have our services deployed. If there were a failure to respond quickly to problems, or such a catastrophic event
were to occur, our customers may experience service interruptions, and we may suffer customer losses. 

Our
revenues and profits will suffer if our distributors and sales representatives fail to effectively market and distribute our products
and services. 

We
rely on our distributors and representatives to market and distribute our BOSS products and services and NRS POS terminals and
portfolio of services. We utilize a network of several hundred sub-distributors that sell our BOSS products and services to retail outlets
throughout most of the United States. NRS POS terminal sales and marketing efforts are targeted, in part, to our nationwide network
of BOSS Revolution retailers. If our distributors or sales representatives fail to effectively market or distribute our products and
services, our ability to generate revenues and profits and grow our customer base for these products and services could be substantially
impaired. 

22 

Our
global operations subject us to geopolitical and other risks that may harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
have developers, product development personnel, other employees and senior management in different countries, and some business activities
may be concentrated in one or more geographic areas. As a result, our ability to design, develop or sell products and services may be
affected by: 

geopolitical
 concerns, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, crime, political instability,
 and terrorist activity; 

natural
 disasters and health concerns; 

inefficient
 and limited infrastructure and disruptions, such as supply chain interruptions and large-scale
 outages or interruptions of service from utilities, transportation, or telecommunications
 providers; 

restrictions
 on our operations by governments seeking to support local industries, nationalization of
 our operations, and restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings; 

differing
 employment practices and labor issues; and 

local
 business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including
 business practices that we are prohibited from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices
 Act, or FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws and regulations. 

Legal
and regulatory requirements differ among jurisdictions worldwide. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines; criminal
sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Although
we have policies, controls, and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors, or agents may violate
our policies. 

Our
global operations subject us to additional risks which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

We
have attempted to control our operating expenses by utilizing lower-cost labor in foreign countries such as Belarus, Guatemala, Dominican
Republic and Israel and we may in the future expand our reliance on offshore labor to other countries. Our employees in Belarus and Israel
primarily help develop, test, and maintain certain of our technology. Our labor source in Guatemala and the Dominican Republic primarily
performs certain call center, administrative, and customer acquisition functions. We also have significant operations in Brazil, Uruguay,
and Argentina as a result of net2phone s growth. 

Countries
outside of the United States may be subject to relatively higher degrees of political and social instability and may lack the infrastructure
to withstand political unrest or natural disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, or political or
economic instability in these countries could interfere with work performed by these labor sources or could result in our having to replace
or reduce these labor sources. If countries in which we operate experience civil or political unrest or acts of terrorism, especially
when such unrest leads to an unseating of the established government, our operations in such countries could be materially impaired.
Our vendors in other countries could potentially shut down suddenly for any reason, including financial problems or personnel issues.
Such disruptions could decrease efficiency, increase our costs, and have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

The
practice of utilizing labor based in foreign countries has come under increased scrutiny in the United States. Governmental authorities
could seek to impose financial costs or restrictions on foreign companies providing services to customers or companies in the United
States. Governmental authorities may attempt to prohibit or otherwise discourage us from sourcing services from offshore labor. 

The
FCPA and other applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations prohibit certain types of payments by our employees, vendors, and agents.
Any violation of the applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations by us, our subsidiaries or our local agents could expose us to significant
penalties, fines, settlements, costs, and consent orders that may curtail or restrict our business as it is currently conducted and could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Weakness
of the United States dollar in relation to the currencies used in these foreign countries may also reduce the savings achievable through
this strategy and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

23 

Our
research and development R D may be adversely affected by ongoing developments in Belarus and Ukraine. 

We
have a significant number of R D personnel in Belarus. Belarus shares borders with both Russia and Ukraine. In February 2022, in
connection with escalating tensions involving Russia and Ukraine, Russian military personnel stationed in Belarus were part of an invasion
force by Russian forces into Ukraine. In response to the support and facilitation by Belarus for the invasion, the United States, the
European Union, or EU, and various other nations imposed sanctions against multiple individuals and entities in Belarus. Other potential
retaliatory measures could be taken by the United States and other countries, particularly if Belarus were to take a more active role
in the conflict. While we continue to monitor the situation in Belarus closely, any prolonged or expanded unrest, military activities,
or sanctions could have an adverse effect on our future product roadmap and R D. We cannot predict whether additional sanctions or
other measures will be imposed, or the nature of severity of those measures, and whether they will directly or indirectly impact our
R D in Belarus or elsewhere. 

Further,
our Belarussian R D personnel could be impacted by retaliatory actions taken by third parties related to actual or perceived Belarussian
actions in support of the invasion, including cyberattacks. 

Should
the military conflict expand to Belarus, our operations there could likely be impacted, including due to availability of personnel, electrical
outages, cyberattacks, and actual battles in areas where we have personnel. 

Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our ability to research and develop new technology, including corrections or enhancements
of existing platforms supporting our current products and services or development of new or complementary offerings. 

Global
and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth. 

We
have international operations with revenues outside the United States representing a significant amount of our total revenues. As a result,
our operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including
inflation, slower growth, or recession, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy,
tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment, and currency fluctuations could materially adversely affect demand for our
products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending could be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility,
negative financial news, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, changes to fuel and
other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs, and other economic factors. 

Our
financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. 

Our
primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non U.S. dollar denominated revenues and operating
expenses. The strengthening of foreign currencies may increase our costs denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting our
earnings. The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated
revenues and earnings and could lead us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products and services. In
some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise international pricing to offset the U.S. dollar s
strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated revenue and earnings. 

We
depend upon industry standard protocols and third-party software, including but not limited to open-source software. 

We
rely on non-proprietary third-party software, some of which may be open source. We may be subject to additional royalties, license or
trademark infringement costs or other unknown costs when one or more of these third-party technologies are affected or need to be replaced
due to end-of-support or end-of-sale of such third parties. 

Certain
functions related to our business depend on a single supplier or small group of suppliers to carry out our business, and the inability
to do business with some or all of these suppliers could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

If
the services of any of the single suppliers or small group of suppliers, including, without limitation, software from third-party service
providers used in certain of our products and services, that we depend on were unavailable, or available only in decreased capacity or
at less advantageous terms, this could result in interruptions to our ability to provide certain services, could cause reduction in service
and/or quality as the function is transitioned to an alternate provider, if an alternate provider is available, or could increase our
cost, which in the current competitive environment, we may not be able to pass along to customers. Accordingly, any of these events could
materially and negatively impact our business, our revenues, our profits, and our relationships with customers. 

24 

Our
success depends in part upon our ability to provide customer service that effectively supports the needs of our customers. 

Providing
customer service effectively requires that our customer support personnel have industry-specific technical knowledge and expertise. Our
support personnel require extensive training on our products and services, which may make it difficult to scale up our support operations
rapidly or effectively. The importance of high-quality customer support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers.
If we do not help our customers quickly resolve post-implementation issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell
additional features and services to existing customers will suffer and our reputation may be harmed. 

Changes
to rates by our suppliers and increasing regulatory charges or tariffs may require us to raise prices, which could impact results. 

Our
upstream carriers, suppliers and vendors may increase their prices thus directly impacting our direct cost of revenues, which would affect
our earnings. Future changes in tariffs by regulatory agencies or application of tariff requirements to currently un-tariffed products
or services could affect the price and sales of our products for a certain set of customers. Changes in our underlying direct costs of
revenues may cause us to increase the rates we charge our customers, which could make us less competitive and impact our sales and retention
of existing customers. 

Our
customers, particularly our IDT Global customers, could experience financial difficulties, which could adversely affect our revenues
and profitability if we experience difficulties in collecting our receivables. 

As
a provider of international long-distance services, we depend upon sales of transmission and termination of traffic to other long-distance
providers and the collection of receivables from these customers. The wholesale telecommunications market continues to feature many smaller,
less financially stable companies. If weakness in the telecommunications industry or the global economy reduces our ability to collect
our accounts receivable from our major customers, particularly our wholesale customers, our profitability may be substantially reduced.
While our most significant customers, from a revenue perspective, vary from quarter to quarter, our five largest IDT Global customers
collectively accounted for 4.0 and 4.7 of our total revenues in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. Our IDT Global customers
with the five largest receivables balances collectively accounted for 9.4 and 1.6 of our total gross trade accounts receivable on July
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This concentration of revenues and receivables increases our exposure to non-payment by our larger customers,
and we may experience significant write-offs if any of our large customers fail to pay their outstanding balances, which could adversely
affect our cash flow and profitability. 

We
rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our
corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

We
believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts
of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain
highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization, in particular our technology and software engineering organization. Competition
for qualified technology and engineering employees is intense and our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting
new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability
to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

New
and existing technologies could affect our ability to track the results of ads and/or could block ads online, which would harm our business. 

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from customers acquired in connection with the display of advertisements online. Technologies
have been developed to make tracking the results of our online advertisements more difficult or to block the display of advertisements
altogether and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the core functionality of
third-party digital advertising. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. 

25 

Risks
Related to Our NRS Business 

Substantial
and increasingly intense competition in the POS industry may harm NRS business. 

NRS
competes in the POS market that is characterized by vigorous competition, changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing
customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing
and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services. NRS competes against many companies to attract customers, and
some of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger bases of customers than NRS does, which may provide
them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of
products and services, may achieve economies of scale due to the size of their customer bases, and may more effectively introduce their
own innovative products and services that adversely impacts NRS growth. If some or all of NRS competitors focus additional
resources on NRS target markets, NRS growth may slow, or we may lose customers due to the competition. 

NRS
may also face pricing pressures from competitors, which may result in the need for NRS to alter the pricing that it offers and could
reduce our profitability. 

If
NRS fails to increase advertising on its platform, our business could be adversely affected. 

NRS 
strategy includes increasing its revenues from brand advertising. Brands may not do business with NRS or may reduce the amounts they
are willing to spend to advertise if NRS does not deliver ads, and other commercial content and marketing programs in an effective manner,
or if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with NRS will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives.
NRS ability to increase the number of brands that use its brand advertising, and ultimately to generate advertising and marketing
services revenues, depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If NRS fails to increase advertising on
its platform, our business could be adversely affected. 

The
long-term success of NRS depends on its ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for POS products
and services, and, if it is not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for its products and services, our business
could be materially and adversely affected. 

NRS 
success will depend, in part, on its ability to develop new technologies and to adapt to technological changes and evolving industry
standards. New services and technologies may be superior to, impair, or render obsolete the POS products and services that NRS currently
offers or the technologies NRS currently uses to provide them. Incorporating new technologies into NRS POS products and services
may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and NRS may not be successful in realizing a return on these development
efforts in a timely manner or at all. NRS ability to develop new products and services may be inhibited by industry-wide standards,
existing and future laws and regulations, resistance to change from its customers, or third parties intellectual property rights.
If NRS is unable to provide enhancements and new features for its products and services or to develop new products and services that
achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments and evolving industry standards, our business would
be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Our BOSS Money Business 

BOSS Money and its retailers face
a complex and dynamic regulatory landscape; changes in laws and regulations can impact business operations, and non-compliance or failure
to comply with laws can result in hefty fines, penalties, operational restrictions and reputational damage. 

BOSS Money and its retailers face
a complex and dynamic regulatory landscape related to anti-money laundering (AML), know your customer (KYC), consumer protection laws
and data privacy. Changes in laws and regulations can impact business operations, and non-compliance or failure to comply with laws can
result in hefty fines, penalties, operational restrictions and reputational damage. For example, certain banks, in an effort to
comply with increasingly more challenging regulations, have gradually imposed stricter restrictions and limitations on money remittance
retailers making deposits to bank accounts. This can negatively affect the business of the BOSS Money retailers and, at times, disincentivize
retailers from growing their BOSS Money business. As governments and regulatory bodies place increasing emphasis on anti-money
laundering, data privacy, consumer protection and financial transparency, BOSS Money and its retailers may face rising costs
to ensure compliance with, among others, customer due diligence, transaction monitoring, and consumer data privacy protection and reporting, which
can negatively affect, among other things, the ability of BOSS Money to maintain and grow its retailer network. 

BOSS
Money depends on a licensed network of agents for its retail money remittance business. 

BOSS
Money depends on a licensed network of agents for its retail money remittance business. Maintaining good relationships with agents, ensuring
their compliance, and managing risks associated with their actions is critical but costly. Agents may not always act in BOSS Money s
best interest, engaging in fraudulent activities, regulatory violations, or causing reputational damage. In addition, agents could affect
BOSS Money s revenue and profitability due to non-payment of remittances collected or termination of the relationship. 

26 

BOSS
Money has financial and business exposure to fluctuations in the foreign exchange markets. 

BOSS
Money s international remittance business is subject to adverse fluctuations in U.S. dollar exchange rates, resulting from devaluation
or appreciation of currencies, exchange rate volatility, or currency restrictions, which can materially impact revenue and profitability. 

BOSS
Money can be vulnerable to illegal activities and fraud schemes 

BOSS
 Money s transfer services can be vulnerable to
illegal activities and fraud schemes such as identity theft, account takeover, money laundering, and terrorist financing. Failure to
detect and mitigate these risks could lead to regulatory penalties, reputational harm and significantly and adversely affect revenues
and profitability. 

BOSS
Money s rapid growth can strain resources and internal controls which could potentially lead to, among other things, operational
inefficiencies, increased costs and reduced profitability. 

BOSS
Money is experiencing rapid growth, which can strain resources and internal controls, carrying inherent risks and uncertainties when
scaling operations or entering new markets, potentially leading to operational inefficiencies, increased costs and reduced profitability.
BOSS Money s growth depends on acquiring and retaining customers in a competitive market. BOSS Money invests significantly in marketing
to grow its customer base. Rising costs of customer acquisition, especially in competitive markets, could adversely affect profitability. 

The
rapid evolution of payment technologies and shifts in consumer preferences along with adoption of new technologies could disrupt the
money transfer industry. 

The
rapid evolution of payment technologies and shifts in consumer preferences along with adoption of new technologies such as mobile wallets,
real-time payment systems and blockchain could disrupt the money transfer industry and require significant investments to stay competitive.
Failure to innovate, adopt new technologies, or keep pace with industry advancements can potentially lead to market share and revenue
declines. In addition, the inability to adapt to changing customer needs could significantly and negatively impact business growth. 

Disruptions
in mobile networks or changes in consumer preferences for mobile devices could impact our business. 

BOSS
Money relies heavily on mobile technology. Any disruptions in mobile networks or changes in consumer preferences for mobile devices could
adversely impact our business. The BOSS Money and BOSS Revolution mobile apps are distributed
through Apple s App Store and Google Play app store. Changes in app store policies or restrictions could negatively impact our
ability to reach customers. BOSS Money s direct to consumer channel relies on the performance and uptime of its digital platform
which means that failures in technology or software could impact transaction flow, customer satisfaction and ultimately revenues. 

BOSS
Money has less brand recognition than many of its competitors in the money remittance space which could make it harder to attract and
retain customers. 

Compared
to its larger competitors such as Western Union, Moneygram, Ria, Intermex and Remitly, BOSS Money has less brand recognition in the money
remittance space which could make it harder to attract and retain customers. BOSS Money leverages the brand value and trust built by
BOSS Revolution. The remittance industry is highly sensitive to consumer trust. As such, negative publicity, such as being associated
with poor service, fraud or money laundering, could significantly and negatively harm BOSS Money s reputation leading to a loss
of customers and revenue. 

BOSS
Money relies on partnerships with global banks and payout agents to process transactions in its receiving markets. 

BOSS
Money relies on partnerships with global banks and payout agents to process transactions in its receiving markets. If these partners
face operational, financial, or regulatory issues, it could severely and negatively impact the company s ability to conduct business.
BOSS Money s success depends, in part, on reliable access to international banking systems and payment infrastructure. Disruptions
in these systems due to political or economic issues, or regulatory changes, could severely and negatively impact the company s
ability to provide services. 

27 

Risks
Related to Our net2phone Business 

net2phone s
VoIP or cloud-based communications service competes against established well financed alternative voice communication providers who may
provide comparable services at comparable or lower pricing or deploy new services that net2phone is unable to offer. 

Pricing
in the telecommunications industry is very fluid and competitive. Price is often a substantial motivating factor in a customer s
decision to switch to net2phone s cloud-based communications products and services. net2phone s competitors may reduce their
rates, which may require it to reduce its rates, which would affect our revenues and profitability, or otherwise make our pricing non-competitive.
net2phone may be at a disadvantage compared with those competitors who have substantially greater resources than us or may otherwise
be better positioned to withstand an extended period of downward pricing pressure. 

Many
of net2phone s current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources and brand awareness,
and a larger base of customers than net2phone has. As a result, these competitors may have greater credibility with net2phone s
existing and potential customers. net2phone s competitors may also offer bundled service arrangements that present a more differentiated
or better integrated product to customers. Certain of net2phone s competitors that have more significant R D capabilities may
develop or deploy new value-added services that net2phone is unable to offer. Announcements, or expectations, as to the introduction
of new products and technologies by net2phone s competitors or net2phone could cause customers to defer purchases of net2phone s
existing products, which also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

net2phone
depends in part upon the capacity, reliability, and performance of several third-party providers and their network infrastructure, the
failure of which could cause delays or interruptions of net2phone s service and impact our revenue and profitability. 

net2phone
depends on several third-party providers to provide service to maintain its operations. net2phone does not have control over these providers,
and some of these providers are also its competitors. net2phone may be subject to interruptions or delays in their service and its reputation
and business may be harmed. The failure of any of these third party service providers to properly maintain services may result in negative
consequences to net2phone, including but not limited to: (i) a loss of customers, (ii) adverse impact on its reputation, (iii) negative
publicity, (iv) negative impact on its ability to acquire customers, (v) negative impact on its revenue and profitability, (vi) potential
law suits for not reaching emergency E-911 services, and (vii) potential law suits for loss of business and loss of reputation. 

Internet
Bandwidth Providers. net2phone s cloud-based communications service requires its customers to have an operative broadband Internet
connection and an electrical power supply, which are provided by the customer s broadband Internet service provider and electric
utility company and not by net2phone. The quality of some broadband Internet connections may be too poor for customers to use net2phone s
services properly. In addition, if there is any interruption to a customer s broadband Internet service or electrical power supply,
that customer will be unable to make or receive calls, including emergency calls, using net2phone s service. In addition, Internet
backbone providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to, or the bandwidth use of certain of net2phone s products
and services which could have a negative effect on its services and could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users. Further,
customers who access net2phone s mobile application (or future applications) through their smartphones must have a high-speed connection
to use its services. This access is provided by companies that have significant and increasing market power in the broadband and Internet
access marketplace and some of these providers offer products and services that directly compete with net2phone s offerings, which
give them a significant competitive advantage. 

Tier
1 and non-Tier 1 Telecom suppliers for Telecom Origination and Termination Services. net2phone depends on these companies to provide
telecom services, sourcing of DID, porting of numbers, and delivering telephone calls from and to endpoints and devices on our network.
If net2phone fails to maintain reliable connectivity or performance with its upstream carriers it could significantly reduce customer
demand for its services and damage its business. 

E-911
and other emergency service providers . net2phone maintains an agreement with an E-911 provider to assist it in routing and terminating
emergency calls directly to an emergency service dispatcher at the public-safety answering point, or PSAP, in the area of the customer s
registered location. net2phone also contract with a provider for the national call center that operates 24 hours a day, seven days a
week to receive certain emergency calls and with several companies that maintain PSAP databases for the purpose of deploying and operating
E-911 services. The dispatcher will have automatic access to the customer s telephone number and registered location information.
If a customer moves their service to a new location, the customer s registered location information must be updated and verified
by the customer. Until that takes place, the customer will have to verbally advise the emergency dispatcher of his or her actual location
at the time of an E-911 call. This can lead to delays in the delivery of emergency services. Interruptions in service from these vendors
could also cause failures in net2phone s customers access to E-911 services and expose it to liability. 

28 

Local
number portability providers. net2phone has agreements with companies that initiate its local number portability, which allows new
customers to retain their existing telephone numbers when subscribing to its services. net2phone needs to work with these companies to
properly port numbers. The failure to port numbers may cause net2phone to lose customers. 

net2phone
faces risks from the outsourcing of the manufacturing of its desktop telephones desktop devices ). 

net2phone
primarily sells Polycom, Yealink and Grandstream-branded desktop devices, although, it supports other third-party devices as well. These
desktop devices are being manufactured by vendors in China. Recent supply-chain challenges in China and global ramifications of supply-chain
difficulties, the U.S. trade war with China, including trade protection measures such as tariffs, and the effects of any new wave of
COVID-19 infections or another pandemic may cause disruptions in obtaining its desktop devices. This may increase pricing, slow delivery
times or may force net2phone to find another third-party manufacturer of its branded desktop devices. 

net2phone
targets sales to small, mid-market and enterprise customers. Not properly managing these customers could negatively affect our business,
cash flow and operations. 

A
substantial percentage of net2phone s revenues comes from small and medium-sized businesses. These customers may be more adversely
affected by economic downturns than larger, more established businesses. The majority of net2phone s customers pay for subscriptions
with credit cards. Weakness in certain segments of the credit markets in the U.S. and global economies may result in increased numbers
of rejected credit and debit card payments, which could negatively affect net2phone s business. If small and medium-sized businesses
experience financial hardship because of a weakening economy, industry consolidation, or any other reason, the overall demand for net2phone s
products and services could be materially and adversely affected. 

Selling
to larger enterprise customers also contains inherent risks and uncertainties. The loss of a key customer or the failure of some of them
to renew or to continue to recommend net2phone s products may have a material negative impact on its results. net2phone has a limited
history of selling its services to larger businesses and may experience challenges in configuring and providing ongoing support for the
products it sells to large customers. Larger customers networks are often more complex than those of smaller customers, and the
configuration of services for these customers usually requires customer assistance. There is no guarantee that the customer will make
available to net2phone the necessary personnel and other resources for a successful configuration of services. Lack of assistance from
the customers or lack of local resources may prevent net2phone from properly configuring its services for these customers, which can
in turn adversely impact the quality of services that it delivers over its customers networks, and/or may result in delays in
the implementation of its services and impact the quality and ability to continue to provide the services. This could also create a public
perception that net2phone is unable to deliver high quality service to its customers, which could harm its reputation. In addition to
the foregoing, larger customers tend to require higher levels of customer service and individual attention, which may increase net2phone s
costs for implementing and delivering services. 

If
net2phone s existing customers terminate their subscriptions or reduce their subscriptions and related usage, its revenues and
earnings will be harmed, and we will be required to spend more money to grow net2phone s customer base. 

net2phone
expects to continue to derive a significant portion of its revenues from existing customers. As a result, retaining its existing customers
is critical to its future operating results. net2phone offers monthly, annual and multiple-year contracts to its customers, generally
with 30 days notice required for reductions in the number of seats. Increases in the number of seats can be provisioned almost
immediately. 

Subscriptions
and related usage by existing customers may decrease if: 

customers
 are not satisfied with the services, prices or the functionality of net2phone s products; 
 
 the
 stability, performance or security of net2phone s products are not satisfactory; 
 
 the
 U.S. or global economy declines; 
 
 net2phone s
 customers business or demand for net2phone s services declines due to industry
 cycles, seasonality, business difficulties or other reasons; 
 
 customers
 favor products offered by other providers, particularly as competition continues to increase; 
 
 alternative
 technologies, products or features emerge or gain popularity that net2phone does not provide; 
 
 net2phone s
 customers or potential customers experience financial difficulties; or 
 
 fewer
 customers purchase services from net2phone. 

29 

If
net2phone s existing customers subscriptions and related usage decrease or are terminated, net2phone will need to spend
more money to acquire new customers and still may not be able to maintain its existing level of revenues. net2phone incurs significant
costs and expenses, including sales and marketing expenses, to acquire new customers, and those costs and expenses are an important factor
in determining our profitability. There can be no assurance that net2phone s efforts to acquire new customers will be successful. 

net2phone
must acquire new customers on an ongoing basis to maintain and increase its customers and revenues while the significant costs to acquire
new customers may hinder profitability. 

net2phone
will have to acquire new customers to increase revenues. net2phone incurs significant costs to acquire new customers, and those costs
are an important factor in determining our profitability. Therefore, if net2phone is unsuccessful in retaining customers or is required
to spend significant amounts to acquire new customers, its revenue and or profits would decrease, which would negatively affect profitability.
Sales and marketing expenditures are an ongoing requirement of net2phone s business as it strives to acquire more new customers. 

net2phone s
customer churn rate may increase in future periods, which may adversely impact its revenue or require it to spend more money to grow
its customer base. 

net2phone s
customers generally have initial service periods of between two and three years and may discontinue their subscriptions for services
after the expiration of their initial subscription period. In addition, net2phone s customers may renew for lower subscription
amounts or for shorter contract lengths. net2phone may not accurately predict cancellation rates for its customers. net2phone s
cancellation rates may increase or fluctuate because of several factors, including customer needs, pricing changes, number of applications
used by its customers, customer satisfaction with its service, the acquisition of net2phone s customers by other companies, and
deteriorating general economic conditions. If net2phone s customers do not renew their subscriptions for its service or decrease
the amount they spend with net2phone, its revenue will decline, and our business will suffer. 

net2phone
may not be able to scale its business efficiently or quickly enough to meet its customers growing needs, in which case our operating
results could be harmed. 

As
usage of net2phone s cloud-based communications services by mid-market and larger distributed enterprises expands and as customers
continue to integrate its services across their enterprises, net2phone is required to devote additional resources to improving its application
architecture, integrating net2phone s products and applications across our technology platform as well as expanding integration
and performance. net2phone will need to appropriately scale its internal business systems and services organization, including its onboarding
and customer support services to serve a growing customer base. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could impair net2phone s
systems performance and reduce customer satisfaction, which could result in decreased sales to new customers and lower renewal
rates by existing customers and eventually hurt net2phone s revenue growth and its reputation. We cannot guarantee that the expansion
and improvements to our infrastructure and systems will be fully or effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, which failure
may reduce our revenue and earnings and adversely impact our financial results. 

net2phone
may not realize the anticipated benefits of its acquisition of Integra s CCaaS business. 

On
March 3, 2022, net2phone purchased all of the outstanding shares of Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. are located
in Uruguay and used the trade name Integra, which we have rebranded as Ucontact. Ucontact provides cloud-based CCaaS in the Americas
and Europe. 

The
success of the acquisition of Ucontact will depend, in part, on net2phone s ability to provide its customers and channel partners
with a robust stand-alone contact center solution or an intelligently integrated UCaaS and CCaaS solution. The target market for the
Ucontact CCaaS solution is two-fold: (i) businesses and other entities with embedded service and support centers; and (ii) contact centers
/ BPO providers. Consistent with businesses across the globe that have been moving their on-premise phone systems to the cloud, these
service and support centers and contact centers are migrating in a similar fashion, propelled by the growing hybrid and remote work environments.
The Ucontact CCaaS platform is layered with a development surface which allows for custom deployments and sophisticated work force management,
where the solution is tailored to the center s work-flow requirements. This customization will provide for an additional layer
of stickiness, which is expected to translate into longer term service periods with the end user. For this reason, we also expect to
see increased stickiness with our current and future UCaaS customers that bundle CCaaS into their product suite. We also expect this
solution set to open for us a whole new segment of channel partners that specifically target CCaaS audiences. Our capacity to realize
these anticipated benefits is subject to certain risks, including, among others, our ability to successfully integrate the CCaaS business,
and the risk that the CCaaS business will not perform as expected. 

30 

If
we are not able to successfully integrate Integra s CCaaS business within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated
synergies, operational efficiencies and other benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than
expected, and we may not perform as expected. 

Integrating
Integra s CCaaS business may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. 

There
can be no assurances that Integra s CCaaS business, which we rebranded as Ucontact, can be integrated successfully. It is possible
that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of net2phone s ongoing UCaaS business or
unexpected integration issues, such as higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that
takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, issues that must be addressed in integrating the operations of Ucontact in order
to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, so net2phone performs as expected include, among others: 

integrating
 the companies technologies, products and services; 

harmonizing
 the companies operating practices, employee development, compensation and benefit
 programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 

attracting
 and recruiting prospective employees; 

maintaining
 existing agreements with customers and vendors and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements
 with prospective customers and vendors; and 

coordinating
 and servicing geographically dispersed organizations. 

Risks
Related to Our Traditional Communications Segment 

Each
of our BOSS Revolution and IDT Global businesses is highly sensitive to declining prices, which may adversely affect our revenues and
profitability. 

The
worldwide telecommunications industry is characterized by intense price competition, which has resulted in declines in both our average
per-minute price realizations and our average per-minute termination costs. Many of our competitors continue to aggressively price their
services or offer them for free. The intense competition has led to continued erosion in our pricing power, in both our retail and wholesale
markets, and we have generally had to pass along all or some of the savings we achieve on our per-minute costs to our customers in the
form of lower prices. In the case of some international calling locations, indirect competitors, such as wireless carriers, may include
calls to those locations at no extra cost, which increases our risk of losing customers. Any price increase by either our BOSS Revolution
or IDT Global business may result in our prices becoming less attractive to customers, which may result in a reduction of revenue. If
these trends in pricing continue or accelerate, it could have a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our BOSS Revolution
and IDT Global businesses and/or our profitability. 

We
may not be able to obtain sufficient or cost-effective termination capacity to particular destinations, which could adversely affect
our revenues and profits. 

Most
of our telecommunications traffic is terminated through third-party providers. In order to support our minutes of use demands
and geographic footprint, we may need to obtain additional termination capacity or destinations. We may not be able to obtain sufficient
termination capacity from high-quality carriers to particular destinations or may have to pay significant amounts to obtain such capacity.
This could result in our not being able to support our minutes of use demands or in higher cost-per-minute to particular destinations,
which could adversely affect our revenues and profits. 

The
termination of our carrier agreements with partners or our inability to enter into carrier agreements in the future could materially
and adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our revenues and profits. 

We
rely upon our carrier agreements with partners to provide our telecommunications services to our customers. These carrier agreements
are for finite terms and, therefore, there can be no guarantee that these agreements will be renewed at all or on favorable terms to
us. Our ability to compete would be adversely affected if our carrier agreements were terminated or we were unable to enter into carrier
agreements in the future to provide our telecommunications services to our customers, which could result in a reduction of our revenues
and profits. 

Risk
Related to Our Financial Condition 

We
hold cash, cash equivalents, debt securities and equity investments that are subject to various market risks. 

At
July 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments of 193.0 million. Debt securities and
equity investments carry a degree of risk, as there can be no assurance that we can redeem them at any time and that our investment managers
will be able to accurately predict the course of price movements and, in general, the securities markets have in recent years been characterized
by great volatility and unpredictability. As a result of these different market risks, our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, debt securities,
and equity investments could be materially and adversely affected. 

31 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results, and current and potential stockholders may lose confidence in our financial reporting which could have a negative effect on
the trading price of our stock. 

We
are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting that
provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We are likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We
cannot be certain that we will continue to maintain an effective system of internal control over our financial reporting in future periods.
Any failure to maintain such internal controls could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate
basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if
our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and The New York Stock
Exchange, we could face severe consequences from those authorities. In either case, there could be a material adverse effect on our business.
Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative
effect on the trading price of our stock. 

Intellectual
Property, Tax, Regulatory, and Litigation Risks 

We
provide communications and payment services to consumers and are therefore subject to various federal and state laws and regulations. 

As
a provider of communications and payment services to consumers, such as BOSS Revolution and BOSS Money, we are subject to various federal
and state laws and regulations relating to the manner in which we advertise our services, describe and present the terms of our services,
and communicate with our customers and consumers in general. Compliance with these laws requires us to be constantly vigilant as they
often vary from state to state. Failure to comply with these laws could result in action being taken by federal and state agencies or
offices responsible for consumer protection, like the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations, financial condition, revenues, and profits. 

We
may be adversely affected if we fail to protect our proprietary technology. 

We
depend on proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights in conducting our various business operations. We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret protection, and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights.
Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property
protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed. Also, the efforts we have taken
to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective enough. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming.
Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating
results. Failure of our patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret protection, non-disclosure agreements and other measures to
provide protection of our technology and our intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to compete with us more effectively
and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Rapid,
significant, and disruptive technological changes impact the industries in which we operate, and we expect new services and technologies
to continue to emerge and evolve. We cannot predict the effects of technological changes on our businesses. Developing and incorporating
new technologies into our products and services may require significant investment, take considerable time, and ultimately may not be
successful. 

In
addition, we may be required to litigate in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to
determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any
such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, or results of operations, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any such litigation. 

32 

We
may be subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property rights of others, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, financial condition, revenues, and profits. 

Companies
in the telecommunications industry and other industries in which we compete own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks and
frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face
increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property claims against us grows. Although we do not believe that we infringe
upon the intellectual property rights of others, our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against
their use. From time to time, we may be subject to claims and legal proceedings from third parties regarding alleged infringement by
us of trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights. Such lawsuits can be expensive and time-consuming and
could distract us and our management from focusing on our businesses. Further, the loss of such lawsuits could result in financial burdens
and the requirement to modify our modes of operation, which could materially adversely affect our business. 

We
are subject to tax and regulatory audits which could result in the imposition of liabilities that may or may not have been reserved. 

We
are subject to audits by taxing and regulatory authorities with respect to certain of our income and operations. These audits can cover
periods for several years prior to the date the audit is undertaken and could result in the imposition of liabilities, interest, and
penalties if our positions are not accepted by the auditing entity. 

Our
2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reported our calendar year 2016 revenue was audited by the Universal Service Administrative Company, or USAC.
The USAC s final decision imposed a 2.9 million charge on us for the Federal TRS Fund. We have appealed the USAC s final
decision to the FCC and do not intend to remit payment for the TRS Fund fees unless and until a negative decision on our appeal has been
issued. We have made certain changes to our filing policies and procedures for years that remain potentially under audit. As of July
31, 2024, our accrued expenses included 25.9 million for FCC-related regulatory fees for the year covered by the audit, as well as prior
and subsequent years. If we do not properly calculate, or have not properly calculated, the amount payable by us to the FCC, we may be
subject to interest and penalties. 

We
are subject to value added tax, or VAT, audits from time-to-time in various jurisdictions. In the conduct of such audits, we may be required
to disclose information of a sensitive nature and, in general, to modify the way we have conducted business with our distributors until
the present, which may affect our business in an adverse manner. 

We
are also subject to audits in various jurisdictions for various other taxes, including utility excise tax, sales and use tax, communications
services tax, gross receipts tax, and property tax. 

Our
business is subject to strict regulation under federal law regarding anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing. Failure to comply
with such laws, or abuse of our programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Provisions
of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and other federal laws impose substantial regulations on financial institutions that are
designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorist organizations. Increasing regulatory scrutiny of our industry with
respect to money laundering and terrorist financing matters could result in more aggressive enforcement of these laws or the enactment
of more onerous regulation, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, abuse of our money transfer services
or prepaid card programs for purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, notwithstanding our efforts to prevent such abuse through
our regulatory compliance and risk management programs, could cause reputational or other harm that would have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations intended to help detect and prevent illegal or illicit activity and our failure,
or the failure of one of our disbursement partners or payment processors to comply with those laws and regulations could harm our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
BOSS Money and network branded prepaid card services are subject to a strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to help
detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, and other illicit activity. The interpretation of those requirements
by judges, regulatory bodies and enforcement agencies is changing, often quickly and with little notice. Economic and trade sanctions
programs that are administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control prohibit or restrict transactions
to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, with individuals and entities that
are specially designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations. As federal, state,
and foreign legislative regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action in these areas increase, we expect our costs to comply with these
requirements will increase, perhaps substantially. Failure to comply with any of these requirements by us, our regulated retailers or
our disbursement partners could result in the suspension or revocation of a money transmitter license, the limitation, suspension or
termination of our services, the seizure and/or forfeiture of our assets and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including
fines. 

33 

Furthermore,
failure by us or our agents to comply with applicable laws and regulations could also result in termination of contracts with our banks
and/or merchant payment processors. Termination of services by one of our retail banks would seriously diminish our ability to collect
funds from our BOSS Revolution agents. Likewise, termination of services by our merchant processor would negatively impact our ability
to process payments in our digital channels. 

The
foregoing laws and regulations are constantly evolving, unclear, and inconsistent across various jurisdictions, making compliance challenging.
If we fail to update our compliance system to reflect legislative or regulatory developments, we could incur penalties. New legislation,
changes in laws or regulations, implementing rules and regulations, litigation, court rulings, changes in industry practices or standards,
changes in systems rules or requirements or other similar events could expose us to increased compliance costs, liability, reputational
damage, and could reduce the market value of our BOSS Money and network branded prepaid card services or render them less profitable
or obsolete. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the regulations required by the Dodd-Frank Act and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau could harm us
and the scope of our activities, and could harm our operations, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act, which became law in the United States on July 21, 2010, enacted significant structural reforms and substantive regulation
across the financial services industry. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, whose
purpose is to issue and enforce consumer protection initiatives governing financial products and services, including money transfer services. 

We
may be subject to examination by the CFPB, which has broad authority to enforce consumer financial laws. The CFPB has a large budget
and staff and has broad authority with respect to our money transfer service and related business. It is authorized to collect fines
and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations, engage in consumer financial education, track consumer complaints, request
data, and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. In addition, the CFPB may adopt other
regulations governing consumer financial services, including regulations defining unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, and
new model disclosures. The CFPB s authority to change regulations adopted in the past by other regulators, or to rescind or alter
past regulatory guidance, could increase our compliance costs and litigation exposure. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act established a Financial Stability Oversight Council that is authorized to designate as systemically important 
non-bank financial companies and payment systems. Companies designated under either standard will become subject to new regulation and
regulatory supervision. If we were designated under either standard, the additional regulatory and supervisory requirements could result
in costly new compliance burdens or may require changes in the way we conduct business that could harm our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

We
are subject to licensing and other requirements imposed by U.S. state regulators, and the U.S. federal government. If we were found to
be subject to or in violation of any laws or regulations governing money transmitters, we could lose our licenses, be subject to liability
or be forced to change our business practices, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

A
number of states and territories have enacted legislation regulating money transmitters, with 49 states requiring a license as of July
31, 2024. At July 31, 2024, we had obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter in 48 U.S. states and Washington, D.C. We are
also registered as money services businesses with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or
FinCEN. As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to bonding requirements, liquidity requirements, restrictions on our investment
of customer funds, reporting requirements, and inspection by state and foreign regulatory agencies. If we were found to be subject to
and in violation of any banking or money services laws or regulations, we could be subject to liability or additional restrictions, such
as increased liquidity requirements. In addition, our licenses could be revoked, or we could be forced to cease doing business or change
our practices in certain states or jurisdictions or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals that could impose
a substantial cost on us. Regulators could also impose other regulatory orders and sanctions on us. Any change to our business practices
that makes our service less attractive to customers or prohibits use of our services by residents of a particular jurisdiction could
decrease our transaction volume and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

34 

Our
disbursement partners generally are regulated institutions in their home jurisdiction, and money transfers are regulated by governments
in both the United States and in the jurisdiction of the recipient. If our disbursement partners fail to comply with applicable laws,
it could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Money
transfers are regulated by state, federal and foreign governments. Many of our disbursement partners are banks that are heavily regulated
by their home jurisdictions. Our non-bank disbursement partners are also subject to money transfer regulations. We require regulatory
compliance as a condition to our continued relationship, perform due diligence on our disbursement partners, and monitor them periodically
with the goal of meeting regulatory expectations. However, there are limits to the extent to which we can monitor their regulatory compliance.
Any determination that our disbursement partners or their sub-disbursement partners have violated laws and regulations could seriously
damage our reputation, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. While our services are not directly
regulated by governments outside the United States, except with respect to IDT Financial Services Limited, or IDTFS, our Gibraltar-based
bank as discussed below, it is possible that in some cases we could be liable for the failure of our disbursement partners or their sub-disbursement
partners to comply with laws, which also could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

IDTFS
is regulated by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission, or FSC, and, as such, is subject to Gibraltarian and EU laws relating to
financial institutions. As an issuer of prepaid debit cards for programs operated by other entities, commonly known as program managers,
IDTFS is responsible, inter alia, for anti-money laundering laws oversight and compliance. If we were to fail to implement the requisite
controls or follow the rules and procedures mandated by the FSC and applicable law, we could be subject to regulatory fines, and even
the loss of our banking license. 

We
receive, store, process, and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations
related to privacy. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

We
receive, store, and process personal information and other customer data, including bank account numbers, credit and debit card information,
identification numbers, and images of government identification cards. As a result, we are required to comply with the privacy provisions
of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, or the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI DSS.
There are also numerous other federal, state, local, and international laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA and
the EU s General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure,
and protection of personal information and other customer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations,
and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions or conflict with other applicable rules. It is possible that these obligations
may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or
our business practices. 

Additionally,
with advances in computer capabilities and data protection requirements to address ongoing threats, we may be required to expend significant
capital and other resources to protect against potential security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches. 

Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties,
or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally
identifiable information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, fines, or litigation. If there is a
breach of credit or debit card information that we store, we could also be liable to the issuing banks for their cost of issuing new
cards and related expenses. In addition, a significant breach could result in our being prohibited from processing transactions for any
of the relevant network organizations, such as Visa or MasterCard, which would harm our business. If any third parties with whom we work,
such as marketing partners, vendors, or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may put our customers 
information at risk and could harm our business. Any negative publicity arising out of a data breach or failure to comply with applicable
privacy requirements could damage our reputation and cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could harm our business, results
of operations, financial position, and potential for growth. 

We
may be harmed by certain imminent FCC Orders and rules that effect the telecommunications marketplace. 

In
the Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence, or TRACED, Act, Congress gave the FCC new tools to fight unwanted,
and often illegal, robocalls, the top consumer complaint reported to the FCC annually. The
TRACED Act required the FCC to mandate the STIR/SHAKEN caller identification framework. STIR/SHAKEN enables phone companies to verify
that the caller ID information transmitted with a call matches the caller s real phone number. The FCC has issued a series of Orders
and adopted several rules to implement the TRACED Act. For example, by June 30, 2021, many domestic and foreign carriers were required
to register with the FCC specifically for TRACED Act compliance. Initially, the FCC concluded that by September 28, 2021, we and other
similarly situated carriers would not be able to accept certain IP-based telecommunications traffic from foreign and domestic carrier
partners unless those carriers were registered with the FCC. However, the FCC temporarily suspended this obligation while it reconsiders
its impact. We believe the FCC will eventually reinstate the rule or implement a new rule that will have a comparable impact upon us
and the industry as a whole. We also believe the FCC will continue to address and refine its rules in this area. Of equal importance,
carriers such as us have the right to sign their traffic, effectively attesting that the traffic they are transmitting
is not illegal robocalls. 

35 

The
FCC s rules present several concerns to all carriers. Notably, the rules extend to many foreign carriers, and it is unclear whether
foreign carriers will be sufficiently educated and experienced to implement U.S. rules and regulations. Foreign carrier compliance, or
the lack thereof, could impact U.S. carriers as they seek to meet their own regulatory obligations. There may also be changes in the
marketplace as foreign carriers may look to limit U.S. carrier partners to whom they transmit calls for termination in the U.S. that
are subject to the STIR/SHAKEN rules. 

In
Canada, the Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission, or CRTC is implementing near-identical STIR/SHAKEN rules as
the FCC is implementing in the U.S. although it is not apparent whether the CRTC will punish service providers who fail to meet their
obligations with the zealousness of the FCC. We expect that additional national communications regulators will implement similar, if
not identical, STIR/SHAKEN legislation. 

We
anticipate meeting our regulatory obligations under the STIR/SHAKEN rules and we are undertaking efforts to prevent us from being harmed
by potential changes in the marketplace. Nevertheless, the FCC s rules allow for the possibility that well-prepared carriers with
anti-robocalling procedures in place may fail and be punished for their failure, despite their best efforts. Moreover, because the STIR/SHAKEN
rules may have a significant impact on the telecommunications marketplace, it is difficult to predict their outcome. We are prepared
for the implementation of STIR/SHAKEN but are concerned about its impact on the market as a whole and on us specifically. 

Federal
and state regulations may be passed that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to provide VoIP communications services at attractive rates arises in large part from the fact that VoIP services are not currently
subject to the same level of regulation as traditional, switch-based telephony. The use of the Internet and private IP networks to provide
voice communications services is largely unregulated within the United States, although several foreign governments have adopted laws
and/or regulations that could restrict or prohibit the provision of voice communications services over the Internet or private IP networks.
In the United States, the California PUC has initiated a proceeding under which we believe the PUC will expand its authority to regulate
interconnected VOIP. Other states are expected to follow the California PUC s lead. If interconnected VoIP services become subject
to state regulation and/or additional regulation by the FCC, such regulation will likely lead to higher costs and reduce or eliminate
the competitive advantage interconnected VoIP holds over traditional telecommunications services by virtue of its lesser regulatory oversight.
More aggressive regulation of the Internet in general, and Internet telephony providers and services specifically, may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to offer services outside of the United States is subject to the local regulatory environment, which may be unfavorable, complicated,
and often uncertain. 

Regulatory
treatment outside the United States varies from country to country. We distribute our products and services through resellers that may
be subject to telecommunications regulations in their home countries. The failure of these resellers to comply with these laws and regulations
could reduce our revenue and profitability or expose us to audits and other regulatory proceedings. Regulatory developments such as these
could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

In
many countries in which we operate, or our services are sold, the status of the laws that may relate to our services is unclear. We cannot
be certain that our customers, resellers, or other affiliates are currently in compliance with regulatory or other legal requirements
in their respective countries, that they or we will be able to comply with existing or future requirements, and/or that they or we will
continue in compliance with any requirements. Our failure or the failure of those with whom we transact business to comply with these
requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

While
we expect additional regulation of our industry in some or all of these areas, and we expect continuing changes in the regulatory environment
as new and proposed regulations are reviewed, revised and amended, we cannot predict with certainty what impact new laws in these areas
will have on us, if any. 

36 

net2phone s
VoIP services are subject to regulation in the United States and Canada. Future legislative, regulatory, or judicial actions could adversely
affect net2phone s business and expose it to liability and limit its growth potential. 

The
United States and Canada have applied some traditional telephone company regulations to VoIP and continue to evaluate how VoIP should
be regulated, as are other countries as we expand globally. The effects of future regulatory developments are uncertain. At the federal
level in the United States, the FCC has imposed certain telecommunications regulations on VoIP services including, but not limited to: 

Requirements
 to provide E-911 service; 
 
 Communications
 Assistance for Law Enforcement Act obligations; 
 
 Obligation
 to support Universal Service; 
 
 Customer
 Proprietary Network Information, or CPNI, requirements; 
 
 Disability
 access obligations; 
 
 Local
 Number Portability requirements; and 
 
 Consumer
 protection, including protection from unwanted telemarketing and other calls. 

In
Canada, the CRTC regulates VoIP Service. These regulated services are similar to those regulated in the United States discussed above.
We are subject to a variety of other federal, state and international laws and regulations as well as oversight from a variety of governmental
agencies and public service commissions. The laws governing our business may change in ways that harm our business. Federal, state, or
international governmental agencies administering and enforcing such laws may also choose to interpret and apply them in ways that harm
our business. These interpretations are also subject to change. Regulatory action could materially impair or force us to change our business
model and may adversely affect our revenue, increase our compliance costs, and reduce our profitability. In addition, governmental agencies
such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, Internal Revenue Service, FTC, FCC, and state taxing authorities may conclude that we
have violated federal laws, state laws or other rules and regulations, and we could be subject to fines, penalties or other actions that
could adversely impact our financial results or our ability to conduct business. 

We
are subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. 

Various
legal proceedings that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of business have not been finally adjudicated, which may have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition (see Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report). 

Our
telecommunications services are required to comply with industry standards, FCC regulations, privacy laws as well as certain state and
local jurisdiction specific regulations. Failure to comply with existing laws and any new laws that may become applicable to us may subject
us to penalties, increase our operating costs, and may also require us to modify existing products and/or service. 

The
acceptance of telecommunications services is dependent upon our meeting certain industry standards. We are required to comply with certain
rules and regulations of the FCC regarding safety standards. Standards are continuously being modified and replaced. As standards evolve,
we may be required to modify our existing products or develop and support new versions of our products. We must comply with certain federal,
state, and local requirements regarding how we interact with our customers, including marketing practices, consumer protection, privacy,
and billing issues, the provision of emergency 911 service, and the quality of service we provide to our customers. The failure of our
products and services to comply, or delays in compliance with various existing and evolving standards could delay future offerings and
impact our revenues and profitability. Changes to the Universal Service Fund by the FCC or various state Universal Service Funds may
require us to increase our costs which could negatively affect revenue and profitability. 

We
are subject to Federal laws and FCC regulations that require us to protect customer information. While we have protections in place to
protect customer information there is no assurance that our systems will not be subject to failure or intentional fraudulent attack.
The failure to protect required information could subject us to penalties and diminish the confidence our customers have in our systems,
which could negatively affect results. While we try to comply with all applicable data protection laws, regulations, standards, and codes
of conduct, as well as our own posted privacy policies and contractual commitments to the extent possible, any failure by us to protect
our customers privacy and data, including as a result of our systems being compromised by hacking or other malicious or surreptitious
activity, could result in a loss of customer confidence in our services and ultimately in a loss of customers, which could materially
and adversely affect our business as well as subject us to law suits, civil fines and criminal penalties. 

37 

Governmental
entities, class action lawyers, and consumer advocates are reviewing the data collection and use by companies that must maintain such
data. Our own requirements as well as regulatory codes of conduct, enforcement actions by regulatory agencies, and lawsuits by other
parties could impose additional compliance costs on us as well as subject us to unknown potential liabilities. These evolving laws, rules,
and practices may also curtail our current business activities, which may delay or affect our ability to become profitable as well as
affect customers and other business opportunities. 

In
addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the EU, Brazil, and Canada, have laws and regulations concerning
the collection and use of personally identifiable information obtained from their residents, including payment card information, which
are often more restrictive than those in the U.S. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage,
disclosure, and security of personally identifiable information, including payment card information identifying, or which may be used
to identify, an individual, such as names, email addresses, and, in some jurisdictions, IP addresses, device identifiers, and other data.
As we conduct business or become deemed to conduct business in foreign jurisdictions, including through websites that we host that may
be available in these locations, we may become subject to those laws and regulations. 

We
are also subject to privacy and data protection-related obligations in our contracts with our customers and other third parties. Any
failure, or perceived failure, to comply with federal, state, or international laws, or to comply with our contractual obligations related
to privacy, could result in proceedings or actions against us which could result in significant liability to us as well as harm to our
reputation. Additionally, third parties with whom we contract may violate or appear to violate laws or regulations which could subject
us to the same risks. Any new laws, regulations, other legal obligations or industry standards, or any changed interpretation of existing
laws, regulations or other standards may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. 

Our
collection, processing, storage, use, and transmission of personal data could give rise to liabilities because of governmental regulation,
conflicting legal requirements, differing views on data privacy, or security breaches. 

We
engage in electronic billing and processing of our customers using secure transmission of sometimes confidential information over public
networks. We have systems and processes in place that are designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent credit card
transactions and other security breaches. However, there is no guarantee that such systems and processes will not experience a failure.
Our failure to protect against fraud or breaches may subject us to costly breach notification and other mitigation obligations, class
action lawsuits, investigations, fines, forfeitures, or penalties from governmental agencies that could adversely affect our operating
results. We may be unable to prevent our customers from fraudulently receiving goods and services. Personal data is increasingly subject
to legal and regulatory protections around the world, which vary widely in approach and which possibly conflict with one another. In
recent years, for example, U.S. legislators and regulatory agencies, such as the FTC, as well as U.S. states have increased their focus
on protecting personal data by law and regulation and have increased enforcement actions for violations of privacy and data protection
requirements. The CCPA requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, and afford
such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. While we believe that we are not a covered entity under
the law, the effects of the CCPA potentially are significant, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies
and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. We may also from time to time be subject to, or face assertions that
we are subject to, additional obligations relating to personal data by contract or due to assertions that self-regulatory obligations
or industry standards apply to our practices. 

We
may also experience losses due to customer fraud and theft of service, such as fraudulent credit card transactions. Customers have, in
the past, obtained access to our service without paying for monthly service and international toll calls by unlawfully using fraudulently
obtained codes. If our existing anti-fraud procedures are not adequate or effective, consumer fraud and theft of service could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The
GDPR and the Data Protection Act in the United Kingdom are intended to protect the privacy and security of personal data, including credit
card information that is collected, processed, and transmitted in or from the relevant jurisdiction. We stopped hosting websites in GDPR-complaint
countries or countries from which the bulk of business came from countries subject to GDPR. We also took steps to block those countries
from accessing any other sites we host. While we do not currently provide services in countries where compliance would be required and
are therefore not required to be compliant, if we did provide those services or otherwise were required to become complaint, implementation
of and compliance with these laws and regulations may be more costly or take longer than we anticipate, or could otherwise adversely
affect our business operations, which could negatively impact our financial position or cash flows. 

Additionally,
media coverage of data breaches has escalated, in part because of the increased number of enforcement actions, investigations, and lawsuits.
As this focus and attention on privacy and data protection increases, we also risk exposure to potential liabilities and costs resulting
from compliance with or any failure to comply with applicable legal requirements, conflicts among these legal requirements, or differences
in approaches to privacy. 

38 

We
could fail to comply with requirements for debit card, credit card, and other digital payment methods, which could have a material adverse
effect on our revenues, results of operations, and financial condition. 

A
significant and increasing portion of our transactions are processed using debit cards, credit cards, and other digital payment methods.
The banks, credit card companies, networks, and other payment processing providers impose strict regulatory, compliance, system, and
other requirements to participate in such parties payment systems. We are required to comply with the privacy provisions of various
federal and state privacy statutes and regulations, and the PCI DSS, each of which is subject to change at any time. Compliance with
PCI DSS does not guarantee a completely secure environment and notwithstanding the results of this assessment there can be no assurance
that payment card brands will not request further compliance assessments or set forth additional requirements to maintain access to credit
card processing services. Compliance with PCI DSS is an ongoing effort, and the requirements evolve as new threats are identified. Compliance
with these requirements is often difficult and costly, and our failure, or our counterparty s failure, to comply may result in
significant fines or civil penalties, regulatory enforcement action, or liability under or termination of necessary agreements, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and/or operations and that of our distributors who could be liable
as well. 

Further,
our payment services are subject to stringent requirements by regulators and trade organizations in various jurisdictions. Our payment
services unit is subject to federal and state banking regulations, and we are also subject to further regulation by those states in which
we are licensed as a money transmitter. We may not be able to comply with all such requirements in a timely manner or remain in compliance.
If we are not in compliance, we could be subject to penalties or the termination of our rights to participate in such payment systems
or provide such services, which could have a material negative impact on our ability to grow our businesses and our revenues and profits. 

We
face risks in our sales to certain market segments including, but not limited to, sales subject to HIPAA Regulations. 

Our
customers can use our services to store contact and other personal or identifying information, and to process, transmit, receive, store,
and retrieve a variety of communications and messages, including information about their own customers and other contacts. In addition,
customers may use our services to store protected health information, or PHI, that is protected under the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act, or HIPAA. We have sold and will continue to attempt to sell to certain customer segments which may have requirements
for additional privacy or security. In addition, sales may be made to customers that are subject to additional security requirements.
Selling into segments with additional requirements increases potential liability that in some instances may be unlimited. While we believe
we meet or exceed all requirements for sales to such segments, there is no assurance that our systems fully comply with all requirements.
Noncompliance with laws and regulations relating to privacy and HIPAA may lead to significant fines, penalties, or civil liability. 

Our
ability to offer services outside the United States is subject to different regulations which may be unknown and uncertain. 

Regulatory
treatment of VoIP providers outside the United States varies from country to country, and local jurisdictions. Many times, the laws are
vague, unclear and regulations are not enforced uniformly. We are licensed as a VoIP seller in our international markets and are considering
expanding to other countries. We also cannot control if our customers take their devices out of the United States and use them abroad.
Our resellers may sell to customers who maintain facilities outside the United States. The failure by us or our customers and resellers
to comply with laws and regulations could reduce our revenue and profitability. As we expand to additional countries there may be additional
regulations that we are required to comply with, the failure to comply or properly assess regulations may subject us to penalties, fines,
and other actions that could materially affect our business. 

Examinations
by relevant tax authorities may result in material changes in related tax reserves for tax positions taken in previously filed tax returns
or may impact the valuation of certain deferred income tax assets, such as net operating loss carry-forwards. 

Based
on the outcome of examinations by relevant tax authorities, or because of the expiration of statutes of limitations for specific jurisdictions,
it is reasonably possible that the related tax reserves for tax positions taken regarding previously filed tax returns will materially
change from those recorded in our financial statements. In addition, the outcome of examinations may impact the valuation of certain
deferred income tax assets (such as net operating loss carry-forwards) in future periods. It is not possible to estimate the impact of
the amount of such changes, if any, on previously recorded uncertain tax positions. 

39 

There
may be a negative effect on our business going forward because of changes to net neutrality. 

The
principle that Internet service providers should treat all Internet communications equally, and not charge users different rates for
various tiers of service or prioritize certain traffic while blocking or slowing down others, is called net neutrality. On January 4,
2018, the FCC released an order that largely repealed prior FCC rules that prevented broadband internet access providers from degrading
or otherwise disrupting a broad range of services provisioned over consumers and enterprises broadband internet access
lines. Many of the largest providers of broadband services, like cable companies and traditional telephone companies, have publicly stated
that they will not degrade or disrupt their customers use of applications and services, like ours. However, there was no guarantee
that they would not do so in the future. If such providers were to degrade, impair, or block our services, it would negatively impact
our ability to provide services to our customers, and we would likely lose revenue and profits. We would probably incur legal fees in
an attempt to restore our customers access to our services. Broadband internet access providers may also attempt to charge us
or our customers additional fees to access services like ours that may result in the loss of customers and revenue, or increase our costs
thereby reducing our profitability, or make our services less competitive if we increase our rates to our customers. President Biden
and numerous Senators have criticized the status of net neutrality, at this time we are not aware if there will be legislation that might
reimpose the prior regulations. 

Following
the adoption of the January 4, 2018 order, a number of states passed laws establishing rules similar to those that existed prior to the
effective date of the January 4, 2018 order. However, we cannot rely on those state laws because of the uncertainty as to whether states
have the authority to establish rules that could be interpreted to conflict with the January 4, 2018 order. The U.S. Department of Justice
has taken the position that local authorities do not have the authority to contradict the FCC s January 4, 2018 order. We cannot
predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes. 

States
are adding regulations for VoIP providers which could increase our costs and change certain aspects of our service. 

Certain
states take the position that offerings by VoIP providers may include intrastate communications and should therefore be subject to state
regulation including state taxes or surcharges. We have registered as an interconnected VoIP provider in those states where registration
is required; however, our rates are not regulated in the same manner as traditional telephone service providers. We believe that the
FCC has pre-empted states from regulating VoIP providers in the same manner as providers of traditional telecommunications services.
We cannot predict how this issue will be resolved or its impact on our business at this time. 

Taxing
authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added, or similar
taxes, and any such assessments could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Jurisdictions
in which we do not collect sales, use, value added, or similar taxes on VoIP services or other products may assert that such taxes are
applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future.
Such tax assessments, penalties, interest, or future requirements could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Further, in June 2018, the Supreme Court held in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. that states could impose sales tax collection obligations
on out-of-state sellers even if those sellers lack any physical presence within the states imposing the sales taxes. Under Wayfair ,
a person requires only a substantial nexus with the taxing state before the state may subject the person to sales tax collection
obligations therein. An increasing number of states (both before and after the publication of Wayfair have considered or adopted
laws that attempt to impose sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state sellers. The Supreme Court s Wayfair decision
has removed a significant impediment to the enactment and enforcement of these laws, and it is possible that states may seek to tax out-of-state
sellers on sales that occurred in prior tax years, which could create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive
disadvantage if such states do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which would adversely
impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Structure 

Holders
of our Class B common stock have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class A common stock. 

Holders
of our Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share on all matters on which our stockholders are entitled to vote,
while holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share. As a result, the ability of holders of our Class B common
stock to influence our management is limited. 

40 

We
are controlled by our principal stockholder, which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect the management of the Company. 

Howard
S. Jonas, our Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Directors, controls a majority of the voting power of our capital stock. As of October
7, 2024, Mr. Jonas has voting power over 1,574,326 shares of our Class A common stock (which are convertible into shares of our Class
B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis) and 2,645,360 shares of our Class B common stock, representing approximately 70.4 of the combined
voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Mr. Jonas will be able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including
the election of all of the directors and the approval of significant corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management is limited. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity. 

Cybersecurity
risk management and strategy 

Our
cybersecurity risk management is based on recognized cybersecurity industry frameworks and standards, including those of the National
Institute of Standards and Technology, the Center for Internet Security Controls, and the International Organization for Standardization.
We use these frameworks, together with information collected from internal assessments, to develop policies for the use of our information
assets (for example, business information and information resources such as mobile phones, computers and workstations), access to specific
intellectual property or technologies, and protection of personal information. We protect these information assets through industry-standard
techniques, such as multifactor authentication and malware defenses. We also work with internal stakeholders across the company to integrate
foundational cybersecurity principles throughout our organization s operations, including the employment of multiple layers of
cybersecurity defenses, restricted access based on business needs, and integrity of our business information. We also regularly train
our employees on cybersecurity awareness, confidential information protection and simulated phishing attacks. 

We
regularly engage third-party assessors to conduct penetration testing and measure our program to industry standard frameworks. We also
have standing engagements with incident response experts and external counsel. We frequently collaborate with industry experts and cybersecurity
practitioners at other companies to exchange information about potential cybersecurity threats, best practices and trends. 

Our
cybersecurity risk management extends to risks associated with our use of third-party service providers. For instance, we conduct risk
and compliance assessments of third-party service providers that request access to our information assets. 

Our
cybersecurity risk management is an important part of our comprehensive business continuity program and enterprise risk management. Our
global information security team periodically engages with a cross-functional group of subject matter experts and leaders to assess and
refine our cybersecurity risk posture and preparedness. For example, we regularly evaluate and update contingency strategies for our
business in the event that a portion of our information resources were to be unavailable due to a cybersecurity incident. We practice
our response to potential cybersecurity incidents through regular tabletop exercises, threat hunting and red team exercises. 

Governance
of cybersecurity risk management 

Our
Board of Directors, as a whole, has oversight responsibility for our strategic and operational risks. Our Audit Committee of our Board
of Directors assists the Board of Directors with this responsibility by reviewing and discussing our risk assessment and risk management
practices, including cybersecurity risks, with members of management. The Audit Committee, in turn, periodically reports on its review
with the Board of Directors. 

Management
is responsible for day-to-day assessment and management of cybersecurity risks and reports regularly to our Audit Committee. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
headquarters is in a building located at 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. We occupy approximately 57,000 square feet of office space
in this building and have parking rights in a parking garage located across the street at 36 Atlantic Street, Newark, New Jersey, both
of which were previously owned by Rafael Holdings. We also lease approximately 3,600 square feet of office space in Jerusalem, Israel
that is owned by Rafael Holdings. The Newark lease expires in April 2025 and the Israel lease expires in July 2025. 

41 

We
lease space in New York, New York for corporate purposes as well as a number of other locations in metropolitan areas. These leased spaces
are utilized primarily to house telecommunications equipment and retail operations. 

We
maintain our European headquarters in London, England. We also maintain other international office locations and telecommunications facilities
in regions of Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, Asia, and Africa where we conduct operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

Legal
proceedings disclosure is presented in Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
Class B common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IDT. 

On
October 7, 2024, there were 268 holders of record of our Class B common stock and one holder of record of our Class A common stock. All
shares of Class A common stock are beneficially owned by Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman and the Chairman of the Board. The number of holders
of record of our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or in street name 
accounts through brokers. On October 7, 2024, the last sales price reported on the New York Stock Exchange for our Class B common stock
was 38.10 per share. 

In
fiscal 2018, our Board of Directors discontinued our quarterly dividend, electing instead to repurchase shares of our Class B common
stock when warranted by market conditions, available resources, and our business outlook and results, as well as to invest in our growth
business initiatives. Accordingly, no dividends were paid since fiscal 2018 until fiscal 2024. 

In
March 2024, our Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend of 0.05 per share on our Class A and Class B common stock. In
fiscal 2024, we paid aggregate cash dividends of 2.5 million on our Class A and Class B common stock. 

We
paid a dividend of 0.05 per share on our Class A and Class B common stock on October 7, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close
of business on September 30, 2024. 

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which
we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference
herein. 

42 

Performance
Graph of Stock 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
following table provides information with respect to purchases by us of our shares during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. 

Total 
 Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average 
 Price per Share 
 Total
 Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum
 Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 
 May
 1 31, 2024 
 1,479 
 36.09 
 1,479 
 4,496,621 
 
 June
 1 30, 2024 
 80,507 
 36.13 
 80,507 
 4,416,114 
 
 July
 1 31, 2024 
 12,328 
 36.22 
 12,328 
 4,403,786 
 
 Total 
 94,314 
 36.15 
 94,314 

(1) 
 On January 22, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock
repurchase program to purchase up to 8.0 million shares of our Class B common stock. 

43 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, 
 plans, intends and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the
factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report.
The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking
statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors
should consult all of the information set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including
our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of
this Annual Report. 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report generally
discusses fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. Discussions of fiscal 2022
items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 that are not included in this Annual Report can be found in Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical
accounting estimates are estimates made in accordance with U.S. GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have
had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Our critical accounting
estimates include those related to goodwill impairment testing, valuation of long-lived assets, allowance for credit losses, and income
taxes, sales taxes, and regulatory agency fees. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual
Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

Goodwill
Impairment Testing 

Under
U.S. GAAP, goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting unit.
A reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below the operating segment, depending on whether certain criteria are met. 

Our
annual assessment date is May 1. An interim impairment test would be required whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than
not that an impairment may have occurred. The goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. We would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value;
however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill. Additionally, we consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible
goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. 

We
have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment
test. However, we may elect to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications of a potential impairment exist. 

The
carrying amount of our goodwill by reporting unit was as follows: 

(in
 millions) July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Retail
 Communications 
 11.2 
 11.2 
 
 net2phone 
 9.8 
 9.9 
 
 Fintech 
 3.2 
 3.2 
 
 IDT
 Digital Payments 
 2.1 
 2.2 
 
 TOTAL 
 26.3 
 26.5 

44 

For
our annual goodwill impairment test as of May 1, 2024, we performed quantitative assessments of our Retail Communications and net2phone
reporting units and qualitative assessments for our Fintech and IDT Digital Payments reporting units. Our assessments did not indicate
any goodwill impairment as of May 1, 2024. For the quantitative assessments, we calculated the fair value of the reporting unit using
a discounted cash flow method as a form of the income approach. The discounted cash flow method is based on the present value of projected
cash flows and a terminal value. The terminal value represents the expected normalized future cash flows of the reporting unit beyond
the projection period. We use a discount rate based on the weighted-average cost of capital of comparable companies by Global Industry
Classification Standard code that represents our estimate of the expected return a marketplace participant would have required. 

For
our annual goodwill impairment test as of May 1, 2023, we performed qualitative assessments for all of our reporting units that indicated
that it was more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values and, therefore,
did not result in an impairment. 

We
do not believe we are currently at risk of goodwill impairment based on qualitative assessments of our reporting units for the three
months ended July 31, 2024. We considered several factors in these qualitative assessments including (i) the business enterprise value
of the reporting unit from the last quantitative test and the excess of the fair value over carrying value, (ii) macroeconomic conditions
including changes in interest rates and discount rates, (iii) industry and market considerations including industry revenue, EBITDA margins,
and multiples based on business enterprise value to revenues and to EBITDA, and (iv) the recent financial performance and budget of the
reporting unit. 

Calculating
the fair value of a reporting unit requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. The key assumptions and judgments underlying
our quantitative assessment include the discount rates and terminal growth rates used in our discounted cash flow analysis, the revenue
and EBITDA projections for our reporting units, and estimates of future levels of gross and operating profits and capital expenditures.
Should the estimates and assumptions regarding the fair value of the reporting units prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record
impairments to goodwill in future periods. 

Valuation
of Long-Lived Assets 

We
test the recoverability of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of any
such asset may not be recoverable. Such events or changes in circumstances include: 

significant
 actual underperformance relative to expected performance or projected future operating results; 
 
 significant
 changes in the manner or use of the asset or the strategy of our overall business; 
 
 significant
 adverse changes in the business climate in which we operate; and 
 
 loss
 of a significant contract. 

There
were no such events or changes in circumstances in fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023. If we determine that events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value of certain long-lived assets may not be recoverable, we test for impairment based on the projected undiscounted
cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset,
we will record an impairment loss based on the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset. We generally
measure fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows from the asset using an
appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections for specific assets and fair value estimates of assets require significant estimates
and assumptions by management that have a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Should our estimates and assumptions prove to
be incorrect, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

Allowance
for Credit Losses on Accounts Receivable 

Our
allowance for credit losses was 6.4 million at July 31, 2024 and our allowance for doubtful accounts was 5.6 million at July 31, 2023.
The allowance as a percentage of gross trade accounts receivable decreased to 13.1 at July 31, 2024 from 15.0 at July 31, 2023 because,
at July 31, 2024 compared to July 31, 2023, gross trade accounts receivable increased 28.7 and the allowance increased 12.6 . The most
significant increases in the trade accounts receivable balance at July 31, 2024 compared to July 31, 2023 were in NRS and IDT Global. 

On
August 1, 2023, we adopted Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) ,
 Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . Effective with the adoption of ASU 2016-13, we record an expense based
on a forward-looking current expected credit loss model to maintain our allowance for credit losses. When determining the allowance for
trade accounts receivable, we consider the probability of recoverability of accounts receivable based on past experience, taking into
account current collection trends and general economic factors, including bankruptcy rates. We also consider future economic trends to
estimate expected credit losses over the lifetime of the asset. Credit risks are assessed based on historical write-offs, net of recoveries,
as well as an analysis of the aged accounts receivable balances with allowances generally increasing as the receivable ages. Accounts
receivable may be fully reserved for when specific collection issues are known to exist, such as pending bankruptcies. Account balances
are written off against the allowance when it is determined that the receivable will not be recovered. 

45 

Our
allowance for credit losses estimate is subject to change due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in our strategy.
We continually assess the likelihood of potential amounts or ranges of recoverability and adjust our allowance accordingly, however,
actual collections and write-offs of trade accounts receivables may materially differ from our estimates. 

Income
Taxes, Sales Taxes, and Regulatory Agency Fees 

Our
current and deferred income taxes and associated valuation allowance, accruals for sales taxes, and telecom regulatory agency fee accruals,
are impacted by events and transactions arising in the normal course of business as well as in connection with special and non-routine
items. Assessment of the appropriate amount of income taxes, sales taxes, and regulatory agency fees is dependent on several factors,
including estimates of the timing and realization of deferred income tax assets, judgments about the potential results of audits and
applicability of regulatory agency rules and regulations, as well as judgments and assumptions about changes in income tax, sales tax,
and regulatory agency laws, rules, or regulations. 

As
of July 31, 2024, net2phone had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 11 million, which will expire through
fiscal 2027. With our reacquisition of net2phone in March 2006, its losses were limited under Internal Revenue Code, or IRC, Section
382 to approximately 7 million per year. In fiscal 2024, we had an IRC Section 382 study conducted on the reacquisition and the limitation
was adjusted to 9 million per year. We recorded a tax benefit related to the adjusted amount of 23.6 million in fiscal 2024. 

The
valuation allowance on our deferred income tax assets was 13.6 million and 10.6 million at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In
fiscal 2024, we increased the valuation allowance by 3.0 million, which included the establishment of a valuation allowance of 3.5
million for deferred income tax assets that were not more likely than not going to be utilized prior to expiration, net of a decrease
of 0.2 million due to the utilization or disposal of previously valued deferred income tax assets and a release of 0.3 million for
profitability in the United Kingdom. In fiscal 2023, we decreased the valuation allowance by 1.0 million, which included a decrease
of 2.8 million due to the utilization or disposal of previously valued deferred income tax assets and a release of 0.7 million for
profitability in the United Kingdom, net of an establishment of 2.5 million for deferred income tax assets that were not more likely
than not going to be utilized prior to expiration. 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability
for periods for which we have not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions may change
their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to our operations, and if such changes were made it could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. 

Our
2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reported our calendar year 2016 revenue, was audited by the USAC. The USAC s final decision imposed
a 2.9 million charge on us for the Federal Telecommunications Relay Service, or TRS, Fund. We have appealed the USAC s final decision
to the FCC and we do not intend to remit payment for the TRS Fund fees unless and until a negative decision on our appeal has been issued.
We have made certain changes to our filing policies and procedures for years that remain potentially under audit. At July 31, 2024 and
2023, our accrued expenses included 25.9 million and 26.8 million, respectively, for FCC-related regulatory fees for the year covered
by the audit, as well as prior and subsequent years. 

RECENTLY
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED 

In
December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) , Improvements
to Income Tax Disclosures , primarily related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosures as well as certain other
amendments to income tax disclosures. Entities will be required on an annual basis to consistently categorize and provide greater disaggregation
of rate reconciliation information and further disaggregate their income taxes paid. We will adopt the amendments in this ASU for our
fiscal year beginning on August 1, 2025. The amendments in this ASU should be applied on a prospective basis, although retrospective
application is permitted. We are evaluating the impact that this ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60) , Accounting
for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets , that changes the accounting for crypto assets from a cost-less-impairment model to fair value,
with changes recognized in net income each reporting period. The ASU also requires enhanced disclosures including, among other things,
the name, cost basis, fair value, and number of units for each significant holding, and a rollforward of annual activity including additions,
dispositions, gains, and losses. We will adopt the amendments in this ASU for our fiscal year beginning on August 1, 2025. The ASU requires
a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of adoption. We are evaluating the impact that this ASU
will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

46 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

We
evaluate the performance of our business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly, the income and expense
line items below income (loss) from operations are only included in our discussion of consolidated results of operations. 

As
of July 31, 2024, we owned 94.0 of the outstanding shares of our subsidiary, net2phone 2.0, Inc., or net2phone 2.0, which owns and operates
the net2phone segment, and 81.5 of the outstanding shares of NRS, and, on a fully diluted basis assuming all the vesting criteria related
to various rights granted have been met, we would own 90.0 of net2phone 2.0 and 79.3 of NRS. 

Reclassifications 

From
and after August 1, 2023, we include depreciation and amortization in Direct cost of revenues and Selling, general
and administrative expense. Prior to August 1, 2023, depreciation and amortization was a separate caption in the consolidated
statements of income. In addition, from and after August 1, 2023, we are reporting gross profit and gross profit margin in accordance
with U.S. GAAP in our Results of Operations. 

From
and after February 1, 2024, we reclassified most of our technology and development expenses from Selling, general and administrative 
expense to a new Technology and development expense caption in the consolidated statements of income and reclassified an
amount that was immaterial in all periods to Direct cost of revenues. Technology and development expense
consists primarily of personnel-related expenses for employees involved in the research, design, development, and maintenance of both
new and existing technology products and services, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation. Technology and
development expense also includes costs for software licenses, subscription services, and other companywide technology tools dedicated
for use by our technology and development teams. The costs of third-party contractors that support our technology and development are
also included. Technology and development expense also includes the costs of product and engineering teams used to support
the development of both internal infrastructure and internal-use software, to the extent such costs do not qualify for capitalization.
The expenses reclassified to Direct cost of revenues are the costs of cloud computing arrangements hosted by a vendor in
the production environment incurred by the net2phone segment and NRS, and net2phone s colocation costs for data centers where net2phone
is not fully operational in the cloud. Finally, depreciation and amortization of capitalized internal use software costs was reclassified
from Selling, general and administrative expense to Technology and development expense. 

The
following table shows the amounts that were reclassified in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 to conform to the current year s presentation: 

Year ended July 31 (in millions) 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense reclassified to: 

Direct cost of revenues 
 1.4 
 1.1 
 
 Technology and development expense 
 35.2 
 34.9 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense reclassified to: 

Direct cost of revenues 
 4.5 
 3.5 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 2.9 
 2.5 
 
 Technology and development expense 
 12.8 
 12.1 

Concentration
of Customers 

Our
most significant customers typically include telecom operators to whom we provide wholesale services and distributors of our retail calling
products. While they may vary from quarter to quarter, our five largest customers collectively accounted for 10.3 , 10.8 , and 12.5 
of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. Our customers with the five largest receivables
balance collectively accounted for 22.7 and 16.7 of our consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
This concentration of customers increases our risk associated with nonpayment by those customers. In an effort to reduce our risk, we
perform ongoing credit evaluations of our significant customers, and in some cases, do not offer credit terms to customers, choosing
instead to require prepayment. Historically, when we have issued credit, we have not required collateral to support trade accounts receivable
from our customers. However, when necessary, we have imposed stricter credit restrictions on our customers. In some cases, this has resulted
in our sharply curtailing, or ceasing completely, sales to certain customers. We attempt to mitigate our credit risk related to specific
IDT Global customers by also buying services from the customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset our payables and receivables
with the customer. In this way, we can continue to sell services to these customers while reducing our receivable exposure risk. When
it is practical to do so, we will increase our purchases from IDT Global customers with receivable balances that exceed our applicable
payables in order to maximize the offset and reduce our credit risk. 

47 

Explanation
of Performance Metrics 

Our
results of operations discussion include the following performance metrics: 

for
 NRS, active POS terminals, payment processing accounts, and recurring revenue, 
 
 for
 net2phone, seats and subscription revenue, and 
 
 for
 Traditional Communications, minutes of use. 

NRS
uses two key metrics to measure the size of its customer base: active POS terminals and payment processing accounts. Active POS terminals
are the number of POS terminals that have completed at least one transaction in the calendar month. It excludes POS terminals that have
not been fully installed by the end of the month. Payment processing accounts are NRS PAY accounts that can generate revenue. It excludes
accounts that have been approved but not activated. NRS recurring revenue is NRS revenue in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
excluding its revenue from POS terminal sales. 

net2phone s
cloud communications offerings are priced on a per-seat basis, with customers paying based on the number of users in their organization.
net2phone s subscription revenue is its revenue in accordance with U.S. GAAP excluding its equipment revenue and revenue generated
by a legacy SIP trunking offering in Brazil. 

The
trends and comparisons between periods for the number of active POS terminals, NRS PAY accounts, seats served, recurring revenue, and
subscription revenue are used in the analysis of NRS or net2phone s revenues and direct cost of revenues and are strong
indications of the top-line growth and performance of the business. 

Minutes
of use is a nonfinancial metric that measures aggregate customer usage during a reporting period. Minutes of use is an important factor
in BOSS Revolution s and IDT Global s revenue recognition since satisfaction of our performance obligation occurs when the
customer uses our service. Minutes of use trends and comparisons between periods are used in the analysis of revenues and direct cost
of revenues. 

Year
Ended July 31, 2024 compared to Year Ended July 31, 2023 

The
following table sets forth certain items in our statements of income as a percentage of our total revenues: 

Year ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 REVENUES: 

National Retail Solutions 
 8.6 
 6.2 
 3.8 
 
 Fintech 
 10.0 
 7.0 
 4.7 
 
 net2phone 
 6.8 
 5.8 
 4.3 
 
 Traditional Communications 
 74.6 
 81.0 
 87.2 
 
 TOTAL REVENUES 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 DIRECT COST OF REVENUES 
 67.6 
 71.2 
 76.2 
 
 GROSS PROFIT 
 32.4 
 28.8 
 23.8 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 22.4 
 19.6 
 15.9 
 
 Technology and development 
 4.2 
 3.9 
 3.4 
 
 Severance 
 0.1 

Other operating expense, net 
 0.3 
 0.4 
 0.1 
 
 TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
 27.0 
 23.9 
 19.4 
 
 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
 5.4 
 4.9 
 4.4 
 
 Interest income, net 
 0.4 
 0.3 

Other expense, net 
 (0.7 
 (0.3 
 (1.8 
 
 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 5.1 
 4.9 
 2.6 

48 

National
Retail Solutions Segment 

NRS,
which represented 8.6 , 6.2 , and 3.8 of our total revenues in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively, is an operator
of a nationwide POS network providing independent retailers with store management software, electronic payment processing, and other
ancillary merchant services. NRS POS platform provides marketers with digital out-of-home advertising and transaction data. 

(in
 millions) 

2024
 change from 2023 
 2023
 change from 2022 
 
 Year
 ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 /# 
 
 /# 

Revenues: 

Recurring 
 96.9 
 71.4 
 45.3 
 25.5 
 35.6 
 26.1 
 57.8 
 
 Other 
 6.2 
 5.7 
 6.0 
 0.5 
 10.5 
 (0.3 
 (6.0 
 
 Total
 revenues 
 103.1 
 77.1 
 51.3 
 26.0 
 33.7 
 25.8 
 50.3 
 
 Direct
 cost of revenues 
 (11.6 
 (10.7 
 (7.9 
 0.9 
 8.3 
 2.8 
 36.0 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 91.5 
 66.4 
 43.4 
 25.1 
 37.9 
 23.0 
 52.9 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative 
 (62.6 
 (47.0 
 (28.3 
 15.6 
 33.3 
 18.7 
 65.8 
 
 Technology
 and development 
 (7.1 
 (5.0 
 (3.9 
 2.1 
 42.5 
 1.1 
 28.8 
 
 Other
 operating expense 
 (0.2 

0.2 
 nm 

Income
 from operations 
 21.6 
 14.4 
 11.2 
 7.2 
 50.2 
 3.2 
 28.5 

Gross
 margin percentage 
 88.7 
 86.1 
 84.6 
 2.6 
 
 1.5 

nm not
meaningful 

(in
 thousands) 

2024
 change from 2023 
 2023
 change from 2022 
 
 July
 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 # 
 
 # 

Active
 POS terminals 
 32.1 
 25.7 
 19.4 
 6.4 
 25.1 
 6.3 
 32.6 
 
 Payment
 processing accounts 
 21.3 
 15.8 
 10.3 
 5.5 
 35.3 
 5.5 
 52.9 

Revenues.
 Revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 driven primarily by revenue growth from NRS merchant services, as
well as the expansion of NRS POS network. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the increase in the direct
costs of NRS POS terminal sales. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily
due to increases in sales commissions, employee compensation, and bad debt expense. As a percentage of NRS revenue, NRS 
selling, general and administrative expense was 60.7 , 61.0 , and 55.3 in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Technology
and Development. Technology and development expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in
employee compensation and consulting expense. 

Other
Operating Expense. In fiscal 2024, NRS recorded expense of 0.2 million for capitalized internal use software costs for software
that was taken out of service, as well as certain other assets no longer in use. 

49 

Fintech
Segment 

Fintech,
which represented 10.0 , 7.0 , and 4.7 of our total revenues in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively, is comprised
of: (i) BOSS Money, a provider of international money remittance and related value/payment transfer services; and (ii) other, significantly
smaller, financial services businesses, including a variable interest entity, or VIE, that operates money transfer businesses, and IDTFS,
our Gibraltar-based bank. 

(in
 millions) 

2024
 change from 2023 
 2023
 change from 2022 
 
 Year
 ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 /# 
 
 /# 

Revenues: 

BOSS Money 
 
 108.3 

76.9 

55.6 
 
 31.4 
 
 40.8 
 
 21.3 
 
 38.5 
 
 Other 
 12.4 
 9.7 
 9.0 
 2.7 
 28.0 
 0.7 
 7.2 
 
 Total
 revenues 
 120.7 
 86.6 
 64.6 
 34.1 
 39.4 
 22.0 
 34.1 
 
 Direct
 cost of revenues 
 (53.4 
 (36.6 
 (26.2 
 16.8 
 45.9 
 10.4 
 39.8 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 67.3 
 50.0 
 38.4 
 17.3 
 34.6 
 11.6 
 30.2 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative 
 (59.6 
 (47.2 
 (39.5 
 12.4 
 26.3 
 7.7 
 19.4 
 
 Technology
 and development 
 (9.5 
 (7.2 
 (5.7 
 2.3 
 30.6 
 1.5 
 27.5 
 
 Severance 

(0.1 

(0.1 
 (100.0 
 
 Other
 operating gain, net 
 1.7 
 1.9 
 
 (0.2 
 (13.2 
 (1.9 
 nm 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (0.1 
 (2.5 
 (6.9 
 2.4 
 94.9 
 4.4 
 63.2 

Gross
 margin percentage 
 55.8 
 57.7 
 59.5 
 (1.9 
 
 (1.8 

nm not
meaningful 

Revenues.
 Revenues from BOSS Money increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily because of increased transaction volume in BOSS
Money s retail and digital channels. BOSS Money continues to benefit from cross-marketing to BOSS Revolution customers, the expansion
of its retail agent network, and enhanced user-experience within the BOSS Money and BOSS Revolution apps. 

Fintech s
other revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily because of an increase in IDTFS revenues. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in BOSS Money s
and IDTFS direct cost of revenues, which reflected the increases in revenues. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily
due to increases in debit and credit card processing charges, employee compensation, bank fees, and marketing expenses. The increase
in card processing charges was the result of increased credit and debit card transactions through our BOSS Money app and other digital
channels. As a percentage of Fintech s revenue, Fintech s selling, general and administrative expense was 49.4 , 54.5 , and
61.2 in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Technology
and Development. Technology and development expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in
employee compensation and depreciation and amortization expense. 

Other
Operating Gain, net. In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we determined that the requirements for the contingent consideration payments
related to the Leaf Global Fintech Corporation, or Leaf, acquisition would likely not be met. We recognized gains of 1.8 million and
 1.6 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, on the write-off of these contingent consideration payment obligations. In
addition, in fiscal 2024, we completed a portion of the integration of the Leaf Wallet platform into the BOSS Money app, including replacing
the Leaf tradename with BOSS Money. The Leaf tradename balance of 0.1 million was written-off in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2023, Leaf received
 0.4 million from government grants for the development and commercialization of blockchain-backed financial technologies. 

50 

net2phone
Segment 

The
net2phone segment, which represented 6.8 , 5.8 , and 4.3 of our total revenues in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively,
is comprised of net2phone s integrated cloud communications and contact center services. 

(in
 millions) 

2024
 change from 2023 
 2023
 change from 2022 
 
 Year
 ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 /# 
 
 /# 

Revenues: 

Subscription 
 78.4 
 66.8 
 53.6 
 11.6 
 17.3 
 13.2 
 24.8 
 
 Other 
 3.9 
 5.6 
 4.6 
 (1.7 
 (28.9 
 1.0 
 20.3 
 
 Total
 revenues 
 82.3 
 72.4 
 58.2 
 9.9 
 13.7 
 14.2 
 24.4 
 
 Direct
 cost of revenues 
 (17.2 
 (15.3 
 (12.8 
 1.9 
 12.9 
 2.5 
 19.1 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 65.1 
 57.1 
 45.4 
 8.0 
 14.0 
 11.7 
 25.9 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative 
 (52.6 
 (49.7 
 (47.5 
 2.9 
 5.8 
 2.2 
 4.6 
 
 Technology
 and development 
 (10.8 
 (10.0 
 (9.3 
 0.8 
 8.1 
 0.7 
 7.8 
 
 Severance 
 (0.1 
 (0.1 

72.1 
 0.1 
 nm 
 
 Other
 operating gain (expense), net 
 0.1 
 (0.1 
 0.3 
 0.2 
 142.3 
 (0.4 
 (145.4 
 
 Income
 (loss) from operations 
 1.7 
 (2.8 
 (11.1 
 4.5 
 161.0 
 8.3 
 75.3 

Gross
 margin percentage 
 79.1 
 78.9 
 78.0 
 0.2 
 
 0.9 

nm not
meaningful 

(in thousands) 

2024 change from 2023 
 2023 change from 2022 
 
 July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 # 
 
 # 

Seats served 
 396 
 352 
 291 
 44 
 12.6 
 61 
 21.1 

Revenues.
 net2phone s revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 driven primarily by the growth in subscription revenue
in the U.S. and Latin American markets, which reflected the increase in seats served at July 31, 2024 compared to July 31, 2023. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the increase in revenues,
with the largest increase in the U.S. market. net2phone s focus on mid-sized businesses, multi-channel strategies, and localized
offerings generated revenue growth that exceeded the increase in direct cost of revenues. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily
due to increases in employee compensation and sales commissions. As a percentage of net2phone s revenues, net2phone s selling,
general and administrative expense decreased to 63.9 from 68.7 and 81.7 in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Technology
and Development . Technology and development expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in
employee compensation and depreciation and amortization expense. 

Other
Operating Gain (Expense), net. In fiscal 2024, we determined that the requirement for a contingent consideration payment related
to an acquisition in a prior period would not be met. We recognized a gain of 0.1 million on the write-off of this contingent consideration
payment obligation. In fiscal 2023, we recorded an expense of 0.1 million for telephone equipment that was taken out of service. 

Traditional
Communications Segment 

The
Traditional Communications segment, which represented 74.6 , 81.0 , and 87.2 of our total revenues in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and
fiscal 2022, respectively, includes: (i) IDT Digital Payments, which enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of airtime, messaging,
and data to international and domestic mobile accounts; (ii) BOSS Revolution, an international long-distance calling service marketed
primarily to immigrant communities in the United States and Canada; and (iii) IDT Global, a wholesale provider of international voice
and SMS termination and outsourced traffic management solutions to telecoms worldwide. Traditional Communications also includes other
small businesses and offerings including early-stage business initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

51 

Traditional
Communications most significant revenue streams are from IDT Digital Payments, BOSS Revolution, and IDT Global. IDT Digital Payments
and BOSS Revolution are sold directly to consumers and through distributors and retailers. We receive payments for BOSS Revolution, traditional
calling cards, and IDT Digital Payments prior to providing the services. We recognize the revenue when services are provided to the customer.
Traditional Communications revenues tend to be somewhat seasonal, with the second fiscal quarter (which contains Christmas and
New Year s Day) and the fourth fiscal quarter (which contains Mother s Day and Father s Day) typically showing higher
minute volumes. 

(in
 millions) 

2024
 change from 2023 
 2023
 change from 2022 
 
 Year
 ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 /# 
 
 /# 

Revenues: 

IDT
 Digital Payments 
 407.4 
 417.1 
 473.2 
 (9.7 
 (2.3 
 (56.1 
 (11.9 
 
 BOSS
 Revolution 
 263.2 
 322.1 
 387.9 
 (58.9 
 (18.3 
 (65.8 
 (17.0 
 
 IDT
 Global 
 201.1 
 230.3 
 292.4 
 (29.2 
 (12.7 
 (62.1 
 (21.2 
 
 Other 
 27.9 
 33.2 
 36.5 
 (5.3 
 (16.4 
 (3.3 
 (8.8 
 
 Total
 revenues 
 899.6 
 1,002.7 
 1,190.0 
 (103.1 
 (10.3 
 (187.3 
 (15.7 
 
 Direct
 cost of revenues 
 (733.4 
 (819.0 
 (992.2 
 (85.6 
 (10.5 
 (173.2 
 (17.5 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 166.2 
 183.7 
 197.8 
 (17.5 
 (9.5 
 (14.1 
 (7.1 
 
 Selling,
 general and administrative 
 (84.9 
 (89.9 
 (93.6 
 (5.0 
 (5.6 
 (3.7 
 (3.9 
 
 Technology
 and development 
 (23.1 
 (25.7 
 (28.2 
 (2.6 
 (10.2 
 (2.5 
 (8.7 
 
 Severance 
 (1.6 
 (0.9 
 (0.1 
 0.7 
 78.6 
 0.8 
 nm 
 
 Other
 operating expense, net 
 (0.2 
 (5.9 
 (0.1 
 (5.7 
 (96.9 
 5.8 
 nm 
 
 Income
 from operations 
 56.4 
 61.3 
 75.8 
 (4.9 
 (7.9 
 (14.5 
 (19.2 

Gross
 margin percentage 
 18.5 
 18.3 
 16.6 
 0.2 
 
 1.7 

Minutes of use: 

BOSS
 Revolution 
 1,772 
 2,299 
 2,926 
 (527 
 (22.9 
 (627 
 (21.4 
 
 IDT
 Global 
 5,702 
 6,328 
 7,720 
 (626 
 (9.9 
 (1,392 
 (18.0 

nm not
meaningful 

Revenues.
 Revenues from IDT Digital Payments decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily from the deterioration of a key international
corridor that was particularly impactful to revenues in the wholesale channel, however, this corridor has not been a significant factor
since the second quarter of fiscal 2024. 

Revenues
and minutes of use from BOSS Revolution decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. BOSS Revolution continues to be impacted by
persistent, market-wide trends, including the proliferation of unlimited calling plans offered by wireless carriers and mobile virtual
network operators, and the increasing penetration of free and paid over-the-top voice, video conferencing, and messaging services. 

Revenues
and minutes of use from IDT Global decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 as communications globally continued to transition
away from international voice calling. This trend was accelerated by the impact of COVID-19 as business communications shifted from calling
to video conferencing and other collaboration platforms. We expect that IDT Global will continue to be adversely impacted by these trends,
and minutes of use and revenues will likely continue to decline from quarter-to-quarter, as we seek to maximize economics rather than
necessarily sustain minutes of use or revenues. 

Direct
Cost of Revenues. Direct cost of revenues decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to decreases in minutes
of use and revenues. 

Selling,
General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily
due to decreases in sales commissions, employee compensation, and debit and credit card processing charges, partially offset by an increase
in stock-based compensation. As a percentage of Traditional Communications revenue, Traditional Communications selling,
general and administrative expense was 9.4 , 9.0 , and 7.9 in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Technology
and Development . Technology and development expense decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to decreases in
depreciation and amortization expense, software license and maintenance expense, and employee compensation. 

Severance
Expense. Traditional Communications incurred severance expense of 1.6 million and 0.9 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. 

Other
Operating Expense, net. In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, Traditional Communications recorded expense of 0.2 million and 1.4 million,
respectively, for internal use software that was taken out of service. In addition, in fiscal 2023, other operating expense, net included
 3.9 million for the indemnification of one of our cable telephony customers related to patent infringement claims brought against the
customer. On May 8, 2023, we and the customer agreed to a release from the indemnification agreement in exchange for 3.9 million. Also,
in fiscal 2023, we increased the estimated fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration by 0.2 million. 

52 

Corporate 

(in
 millions) 

2024
 change from 2023 
 2023
 change from 2022 
 
 Year
 ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 

General
 and administrative 
 (10.5 
 (9.4 
 (7.9 
 1.1 
 12.2 
 1.5 
 18.1 
 
 Other
 operating expense, net 
 (4.4 
 (0.3 
 (1.0 
 4.1 
 nm 
 (0.7 
 (67.2 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (14.9 
 (9.7 
 (8.9 
 (5.2 
 (53.9 
 (0.8 
 (8.2 

nm not
meaningful 

Corporate
costs mainly include compensation, consulting fees, treasury, tax and accounting services, human resources, corporate purchasing, corporate
governance including Board of Directors fees, internal and external audit, investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate
legal, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses. Corporate does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any
direct cost of revenues. 

General
and Administrative. Corporate general and administrative expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily because
of increases in audit and accounting fees and employee compensation. As a percentage of our consolidated revenues, Corporate general
and administrative expense was 0.9 , 0.8 , and 0.6 in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Other
Operating Expense, net. As discussed in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual
Report, we (as well as other defendants) were named in a class action on behalf of the stockholders of our former subsidiary Straight
Path. We incurred legal fees of 7.2 million and 5.8 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, related to this action. Also,
we recorded offsetting gains from insurance claims for this matter of 2.9 million and 3.8 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively.
In fiscal 2024, we received the final payment from our insurance policy for these claims. On October 3, 2023, the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware dismissed all claims against us, and found that, contrary to the plaintiffs allegations, the class suffered
no damages. The plaintiffs will have 30 days from entry of the final order to file an appeal. 

In
September 2017, we and certain of our subsidiaries were certified by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, or NJEDA, as having
met the requirements of the Grow New Jersey Assistance Act Tax Credit Program. The program provides for credits against a corporation s
New Jersey corporate business tax liability for maintaining a minimum number of employees in New Jersey, and that tax credits may be
sold subject to certain conditions. On June 5, 2023, we received a 2019 tax credit certificate for 1.8 million from the NJEDA. In August
2023, we sold the certificate for cash of 1.6 million. 

Consolidated 

The
following is a discussion of our consolidated stock-based compensation expense, and our consolidated income and expense line items below
income from operations. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense. Total stock-based compensation expense included in consolidated selling, general and administrative expense
and technology and development expense was 7.4 million and 4.5 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. The increase in
stock-based compensation expense was primarily due to certain equity grants to Bill Pereira, our President and Chief Operating Officer,
in the second quarter of fiscal 2024, including deferred stock units, or DSUs, that, upon vesting, represent the right to receive shares
of our Class B common stock, and shares of Class B common stock of net2phone 2.0, as well as a contingent bonus subject to the completion
of certain financial milestones that may be paid, at Mr. Pereira s option, in either shares of the Company s Class B common
stock or cash. In fiscal 2024, two of these milestones were achieved, for which we issued to Mr. Pereira 39,155 shares of our Class B
common stock in fiscal 2024 with an issue date value of 1.5 million, and we will issue an additional 39,155 shares of our Class B common
stock in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. 

As
of July 31, 2024, there was 0.6 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested DSUs under our equity incentive
program adopted on November 30, 2022, which is being recognized on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service periods that end
in February 2025. On February 21, 2024, the second vesting date under the program, in accordance with the program and based on certain
elections made by grantees, we issued 53,706 shares of our Class B common stock for vested DSUs. Subject to continued full time employment
or other services to us, the remaining 147,540 DSUs are scheduled to vest on February 25, 2025. 

53 

Effective
as of June 30, 2022, restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock were granted to certain NRS employees. The restrictions on
the shares lapse in three installments, the first was on June 1, 2024, and the others are June 1, 2026 and June 1, 2027. The estimated
fair value of the restricted shares on the grant date was 3.3 million, which is being recognized over the vesting period. As of July
31, 2024, unrecognized compensation cost related to NRS non-vested Class B common stock was an aggregate of 1.9 million. The
unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period that ends in fiscal 2027. 

(in
 millions) 

2024
 change from 2023 
 2023
 change from 2022 
 
 Year
 ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 

Income
 from operations 
 64.7 
 60.7 
 60.1 
 4.0 
 6.6 
 0.6 
 1.1 
 
 Interest
 income, net 
 4.8 
 3.2 
 0.2 
 1.6 
 51.5 
 3.0 
 nm 
 
 Other
 expense, net 
 (7.6 
 (3.1 
 (25.4 
 (4.5 
 (146.9 
 22.3 
 87.8 
 
 Benefit
 from (provision for) income taxes 
 6.4 
 (16.4 
 (5.9 
 22.8 
 138.6 
 (10.5 
 (179.7 
 
 Net
 income 
 68.3 
 44.4 
 29.0 
 23.9 
 53.9 
 15.4 
 53.0 
 
 Net
 income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (3.8 
 (3.9 
 (2.0 
 0.1 
 1.7 
 (1.9 
 (96.0 
 
 Net
 income attributable to IDT Corporation 
 64.5 
 40.5 
 27.0 
 24.0 
 59.2 
 13.5 
 49.8 

nm not
meaningful 

Other
Expense, net. Other expense, net consists of the following: 

(in
 millions) Year ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Foreign
 currency transaction (losses) gains 
 (3.8 
 3.3 
 (1.7 
 
 Equity
 in net loss of investee 
 (3.5 
 (3.1 
 (3.0 
 
 Gains
 (losses) on investments 
 0.2 
 (2.6 
 (19.3 
 
 Other 
 (0.5 
 (0.7 
 (1.4 
 
 TOTAL 
 (7.6 
 (3.1 
 (25.4 

We
have an investment in shares of convertible preferred stock of a communications company (the equity method investee, or EMI). As of July
31, 2024 and 2023, our ownership was 33.4 and 33.3 , respectively, of the EMI s outstanding shares on an as converted basis. We
account for this investment using the equity method since we can exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies
of the EMI but do not have a controlling interest. We determined that on the dates of the acquisitions of the EMI s shares, there
were differences between our investment in the EMI and our proportional interest in the equity of the EMI of an aggregate of 8.2 million,
which represented the share of the EMI s customer list on the dates of the acquisitions attributed to our interest in the EMI.
These basis differences are being amortized over the 6-year estimated life of the customer list. Equity in the net loss of investee 
includes the amortization of equity method basis difference. 

Benefit
from (Provision for) Income Taxes. With our reacquisition of net2phone in March 2006, its losses were limited under IRC Section 382
to approximately 7 million per year. In fiscal 2024, we had an IRC Section 382 study conducted on the reacquisition and the limitation
was adjusted to 9 million per year. We recorded a tax benefit related to the adjusted amount of 23.6 million in fiscal 2024. The change
in income tax expense in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, excluding the income tax benefit in fiscal 2024, was primarily due to differences
in the amount of taxable income earned in the various taxing jurisdictions. 

Net
Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests. The change in the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in fiscal
2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to changes in amounts attributable to the noncontrolling interests in the VIE and net2phone
2.0, partially offset by the change in the amounts attributable to the noncontrolling interests in NRS. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we expect our cash from operations and the balance of cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and
current equity investments that we held on July 31, 2024 will be sufficient to meet our currently anticipated working capital and capital
expenditure requirements during fiscal 2025. 

At
July 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments of 193.0 million and working capital (current
assets in excess of current liabilities) of 143.2 million. 

We
treat unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of New York, LLC as substantially
restricted and unavailable for other purposes. At July 31, 2024, Cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance
sheet included an aggregate of 55.9 million held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of New York, LLC that was unavailable
for other purposes. 

54 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

The
following table includes our anticipated material cash requirements from contractual obligations and other commitments at July 31, 2024: 

Payments
 due by period (in millions) 
 Total 
 Less
 than 1 year 
 1 3
 years 
 4 5
 years 
 After
 5 years 
 
 Purchase
 commitments 
 2.9 
 2.6 
 0.3 

Connectivity
 obligations under service agreements 
 1.4 
 0.7 
 0.7 

Operating
 leases including short-term leases 
 4.7 
 2.7 
 1.5 
 0.4 
 0.1 
 
 TOTAL (1) 
 9.0 
 6.0 
 2.5 
 0.4 
 0.1 

(1) 
 The
 above table does not include up to 10 million for the potential redemption of shares of NRS Class B common stock, an aggregate
 of 32.4 million in performance bonds, and up to 3.0 million for potential contingent consideration payments related to business
 acquisitions, due to the uncertainty of the amount and/or timing of any such payments. 

Consolidated
Financial Condition 

(in
 millions) Year ended July 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash
 flows provided by (used in): 

Operating
 activities 
 78.2 
 54.1 
 29.4 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (0.8 
 (33.4 
 (33.8 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 (17.2 
 (15.8 
 (15.6 
 
 Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 (3.6 
 4.4 
 (17.4 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 56.6 
 9.3 
 (37.4 

Operating
Activities 

Our
cash flows from operations vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results and the
timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. 

Gross
trade accounts receivable increased to 48.6 million at July 31, 2024 from 37.7 million at July 31, 2023 primarily due to amounts billed
in fiscal 2024 that were greater than collections during fiscal 2024, partially offset by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Deferred
revenue arises from sales of prepaid products and varies from period to period depending on the mix and the timing of revenues. Deferred
revenue decreased to 30.4 million at July 31, 2024 from 35.3 million at July 31, 2023 primarily due to decreases in the BOSS Revolution
and IDT Digital Payments deferred revenue balances. 

Customer
deposit liabilities at IDTFS decreased to 83.0 million at July 31, 2024 from 86.5 million at July 31, 2023. Our restricted cash and
cash equivalents included 83.3 million and 87.3 million at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, held by the bank. 

In
September 2017, we and certain of our subsidiaries were certified by the NJEDA as having met the requirements of the Grow New Jersey
Assistance Act Tax Credit Program. The program provides for credits against a corporation s New Jersey corporate business tax liability
for maintaining a minimum number of employees in New Jersey, and that tax credits may be sold subject to certain conditions. On June
5, 2023, we received a 2019 tax credit certificate for 1.8 million from the NJEDA. In August 2023, we sold the certificate for cash
of 1.6 million. 

Beginning
in June 2019, as part of a commercial resolution, we indemnified one of our cable telephony customers related to patent infringement
claims brought against the customer. On May 8, 2023, we and the customer agreed to a release from the indemnification agreement in exchange
for 3.9 million, of which 1.9 million was paid on May 10, 2023, and the remainder was paid in five monthly invoice deductions of 0.4
million each. 

55 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability
for periods for which we have not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions may change
their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to our operations, and if such changes were made it could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial position, and operating results. 

As
discussed in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report, we (as well as other
defendants) were named in a class action on behalf of the stockholders of our former subsidiary Straight Path. On October 3, 2023, the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismissed all claims against us, and found that, contrary to the plaintiffs allegations,
the class suffered no damages. The plaintiffs will have 30 days from entry of the final order to file an appeal. 

Investing
Activities 

Our
capital expenditures were 18.9 million in fiscal 2024 and 22.0 million in fiscal 2023. We currently anticipate that total capital expenditures
in fiscal 2025 will be 18 million to 20 million. We expect to fund our capital expenditures with our net cash provided by operating
activities and cash, cash equivalents, debt securities, and current equity investments on hand. 

In
fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, each of the EMI s shareholders including us agreed to purchase additional shares of the EMI s
convertible preferred stock. In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we paid an aggregate of 2.0 million and 0.8 million, respectively, to
purchase the additional shares. On April 6, 2023, in accordance with an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 5, 2023, the EMI
merged with and into its subsidiary, with the subsidiary being the surviving corporation. Effective with the merger, among other things,
the notes receivable from the EMI that we held with an aggregate principal and accrued interest of 4.0 million were converted into shares
of the EMI s convertible preferred stock. 

As
of August 22, 2024, the EMI s shareholders including us agreed to purchase additional shares of the EMI s convertible preferred
stock. We subscribed to purchase additional shares through January 2025 for an aggregate of 0.9 million. In August 2024, we paid 0.4
million to purchase additional shares. 

Purchases
of debt securities and equity investments were 29.9 million and 59.9 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. Proceeds
from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemptions of equity investments were 50.1 million and 49.2 million in fiscal 2024
and fiscal 2023, respectively. 

Financing
Activities 

In
March 2024, our Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend of 0.05 per share on our Class A and Class B common stock. In
fiscal 2024, we paid aggregate cash dividends of 2.5 million on our Class A and Class B common stock. In September 2024, our Board of
Directors declared a dividend of 0.05 per share to holders of our Class A and Class B common stock. The dividend was paid on October
7, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 30, 2024. 

We
distributed cash of 0.1 million and 0.3 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, to the noncontrolling interests in certain
of our subsidiaries. 

In
fiscal 2023, we received proceeds from notes payable of 0.3 million, and we repaid notes payable of 2.0 million. 

Our
subsidiary, IDT Telecom, Inc., or IDT Telecom, entered into a credit agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, with TD Bank, N.A. for a revolving
credit facility for up to a maximum principal amount of 25.0 million. As of July 15, 2024 and July 28, 2023, IDT Telecom and TD Bank,
N.A. amended certain terms of the credit agreement. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working capital requirements and for
certain closing costs of the facility. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility. In fiscal 2024
and fiscal 2023, IDT Telecom borrowed and repaid an aggregate of 32.9 million and 27.4 million, respectively, under the facility. The
revolving credit facility is secured by primarily all of IDT Telecom s assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum
at the secured overnight financing rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 10 basis points, plus depending upon IDT
Telecom s leverage ratio as computed for the most recent fiscal quarter, 125 to 175 basis points. Interest is payable monthly,
and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on May 16, 2026. IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment
fee of 10 basis points on the average daily balance of the unused portion of the 25.0 million commitment. IDT Telecom is required to
comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain targets based on financial ratios during the term
of the revolving credit facility. As of July 31, 2024, IDT Telecom was in compliance with all of the covenants. 

56 

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2025 through October 7, 2024, IDT Telecom borrowed and repaid an aggregate of 14.2 million under the facility. 

In
January 2024, the restrictions lapsed on the 0.5 million restricted shares of net2phone 2.0 Class B common stock that were granted in
December 2020 to each of Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas, our Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Pereira was granted 50,000 shares of
net2phone 2.0 Class B common stock. We repurchased a portion of these shares representing an aggregate of 4.5 of the outstanding shares
of net2phone 2.0 with an aggregate fair value of 3.6 million to satisfy the grantees tax withholding obligations in connection
with the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock or the grant of shares. In addition, in connection with the vesting of restricted
shares of NRS Class B common stock on June 1, 2024, we repurchased a portion of the shares representing an aggregate of 0.17 of the
outstanding shares of NRS with an aggregate fair value of 0.6 million to satisfy the grantees tax withholding obligations in
connection with the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock. 

In
each of fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we received cash from the exercise of stock options of 0.2 million for which we issued 12,500 shares
of our Class B common stock in each of the periods. 

We
have an existing stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors for the repurchase of shares of our Class B common stock.
The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 8.0 million shares in the aggregate. In fiscal 2024, we repurchased 298,421
shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 9.1 million, and in fiscal 2023, we repurchased 511,546 shares of
Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 13.1 million. At July 31, 2024, 4.4 million shares remained available for repurchase
under the stock repurchase program. 

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2025 through October 7, 2024, we repurchased 37,714 shares of our Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase
price of 1.3 million. 

In
fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we paid 1.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively, to repurchase 41,994 and 28,227 shares, respectively,
of our Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy the employees tax withholding obligations in connection
with the vesting of DSUs, the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock shares, and shares issued for bonus payments. Such shares were
repurchased by us based on their fair market value as of the close of business on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

In
June 2024, we exchanged an aggregate of 12,267 shares of our Class B common stock with a value of 0.4 million for shares of NRS 
Class B common stock that were held by employees of NRS representing an aggregate of 0.09 of NRS outstanding shares. In January
2024, we exchanged an aggregate of 192,433 shares of our Class B common stock with a value of 6.3 million for shares of NRS Class
B common stock that were held by management employees of NRS representing an aggregate of 1.25 of NRS outstanding shares. 

Other
Sources and Uses of Resources 

We
are considering spin-offs and other potential dispositions of certain of our subsidiaries. Some of the transactions under consideration
are in early stages and others are more advanced. A spin-off may include the contribution of a significant amount of cash, cash equivalents,
debt securities, and/or equity securities to the subsidiary prior to the spin-off, which would reduce our capital resources. There is
no assurance that any of these transactions will be completed. 

We
intend to, where appropriate, make strategic investments and acquisitions to complement, expand, and/or enter into new businesses. In
considering acquisitions and investments, we search for opportunities to profitably grow our existing businesses and/or to add qualitatively
to the range and diversification of businesses in our portfolio. We cannot guarantee that we will be presented with acquisition opportunities
that meet our return-on-investment criteria, or that our efforts to make acquisitions that meet our criteria will be successful. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

Revenues
from our international operations were 23 , 28 , and 29 of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively.
A significant portion of our revenues is in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency exchange risk is somewhat mitigated
by our ability to offset a portion of these non-U.S. Dollar-denominated revenues with operating expenses that are paid in the same currencies.
While the impact from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affects our revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, the
net amount of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes at the end of each reporting period is generally not material. 

57 

Investment
Risk 

We
hold a portion of our assets in debt and equity securities, including hedge funds, for strategic and speculative purposes. At July 31,
2024 and 2023, the value of our debt and equity security holdings was an aggregate of 35.0 million and 58.5 million, respectively,
which represented 6 and 11 of our total assets at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Investments in debt and equity securities carry
a degree of risk and depend to a great extent on correct assessments of the future course of price movements of securities and other
instruments. There can be no assurance that our investment managers will be able to accurately predict these price movements. The securities
markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. Accordingly, the value of our investments may
go down as well as up and we may not receive the amounts originally invested upon redemption. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting
on page F-1 are included herein. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of July 31, 2024. 

Report
of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We,
the management of IDT Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company ), are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of
 the Company; 

2. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and directors of the Company; and 

3. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management
has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024. In making this assessment,
the Company s management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting, as prescribed above, as of July 31, 2024. Based on our evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of July 31, 2024 was effective based on the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by COSO. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Grant
Thornton, LLP has provided an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

58 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

IDT
Corporation 

Opinion
on internal control over financial reporting 

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of IDT Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2024, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended July 31, 2024, and our report dated October 15, 2024
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis
for opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

New
York, New York 

October
15, 2024 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

59 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following is a list of our directors and executive officers along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive
Officers 

Shmuel
Jonas Chief Executive Officer 

Howard
S. Jonas Chairman 

Marcelo
Fischer Chief Financial Officer 

Bill
Pereira President and Chief Operating Officer 

Mitch
Silberman Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 

Joyce
J. Mason Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Menachem
Ash Executive Vice President of Strategy and Legal Affairs 

Nadine
Shea Executive Vice President of Global Human Resources 

David
Wartell Chief Technology Officer 

Directors 

Howard
S. Jonas Chairman of the Board 

Elaine
Yatzkan Member of the Board 

Michael
Chenkin Certified Public Accountant; previously worked in the Audit Department of Coopers and Lybrand and as a consultant to the
securities industry 

Eric
F. Cosentino Former Rector of the Episcopal Church of the Divine Love, Montrose, New York 

Judah
Schorr Founder of Judah Schorr MD PC, an anesthesia provider to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and medical offices, and
has been its President and owner since its inception 

Bill
Pereira Ex Officio (non-voting) member of the Board 

The
remaining information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We
make available free of charge through the investor relations page of our web site (www.idt.net/ir) our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms
3, 4, and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after
such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics
for all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies
of the codes of business conduct and ethics are available on our web site. 

Our
web site and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

60 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1. 
 Report
 of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule. 

All
 schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required or not
 applicable. 

3. 
 Exhibits.
 Exhibit Numbers 10.01, 10.02 and 10.03 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

The
 exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this Item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this 

Form
 10-K. 

Certain
 of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that
 have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which
 disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were
 made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties
were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

61 

(b)
Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibits 

3.01(1) 
 
 Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 

3.02(2) 
 
 Eighth Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant. 

4.2(3) 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.01(4) 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2020, between the Registrant and Howard S. Jonas . 

10.02(5) 
 
 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, of IDT Corporation. 

10.03(6) 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement, dated December 21, 2023, between IDT Corporation and Bill Pereira . 

21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.01 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

97 
 
 Compensation Clawback Policy. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

filed herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed April 5, 2011. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed September 23, 2022. 

(3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Form 10-K/A, filed December 22, 2020. 

(4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed December 22, 2020. 

(5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Form S-8, filed October 16, 2023. 

(6) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Form 8-K, filed December 28, 2023. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

62 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IDT
 CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Shmuel Jonas 

Shmuel
 Jonas 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
October 15, 2024 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Titles 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Shmuel Jonas 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 October
 15, 2024 

Shmuel
 Jonas 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Marcelo Fischer 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October
 15, 2024 

Marcelo
 Fischer 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Mitch Silberman 
 
 Chief
 Accounting Officer and Controller 
 
 October
 15, 2024 

Mitch
 Silberman 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Howard S. Jonas 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 October
 15, 2024 

Howard
 S. Jonas 

/s/
 Elaine Yatzkan 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 15, 2024 

Elaine
 Yatzkan 

/s/
 Michael Chenkin 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 15, 2024 

Michael
 Chenkin 

/s/
 Eric F. Cosentino 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 15, 2024 

Eric
 F. Cosentino 

/s/
 Judah Schorr 
 
 Director 
 
 October 15, 2024 

Judah
 Schorr 

63 

IDT
Corporation 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

 IDT
Corporation 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

October
15, 2024 

F- 2 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

July 31 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Debt securities 

Equity investments 

Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of at July 31, 2024 and allowance for doubtful accounts of at July 31, 2023 

Settlement assets, net of reserve of and at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Disbursement prefunding 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangibles, net 

Equity investments 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income tax assets, net 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Customer deposits 

Settlement liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest 

EQUITY: 

IDT Corporation stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued 

Class A common stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued and shares outstanding at July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Class B common stock, par value; authorized shares ; and shares issued and and shares outstanding at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Common stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost, consisting of and shares of Class A common stock and and shares of Class B common stock at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Retained earnings 

Total IDT Corporation stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year ended July 31 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 REVENUES 

DIRECT COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling, general and administrative (i) 

Technology and development (i) 

Severance 

Other operating expense, net (see Note 14) 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

Income from operations 

Interest income, net 

Other expense, net 

Income before income taxes 

Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 

NET INCOME 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO IDT CORPORATION 

Earnings per share attributable to IDT Corporation common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average number of shares used in calculation of earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

(i) Stock-based compensation included in: 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Technology and development expense 

(i) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year ended July 31 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 NET INCOME 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Other comprehensive loss 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO IDT CORPORATION 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Loss 
 Earnings 
 Interests 
 Equity 

IDT Corporation Stockholders 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 (Accumulated Deficit) Retained 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Loss 
 Earnings 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2021 

Exercise of stock options by Howard S. Jonas 

Exercise of stock options 

Repurchases of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Business acquisition 

Stock-based compensation 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Other comprehensive loss 

Net income for the year ended July 31, 2022 

BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2022 

Exercise of stock options 

Repurchases of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Stock issued to certain executive officers for bonus payments 

Business acquisition 

Stock-based compensation 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Other comprehensive loss 

Net income for the year ended July 31, 2023 

BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2023 

Balance 

Dividends declared per share) 

Exercise of stock options 

Repurchases of Class B common stock through repurchase program 

Restricted Class B common stock purchased from employees 

Restricted net2phone and National Retail Solutions common stock purchased from employees 

Exchange of National Retail Solutions shares for Class B common stock 

Stock issued/to be issued to an executive officer for bonus payment 

Business acquisition holdback payment 

Stock-based compensation 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Other comprehensive loss 

Net income for the year ended July 31, 2024 

Net income 

BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2024 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

IDT
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended July 31 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Provision for credit losses, doubtful accounts receivable, and reserve for settlement assets 

Net unrealized loss from marketable securities 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Settlement assets, disbursement prefunding, prepaid expenses, other current assets, and other assets 

Trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, settlement liabilities, other current liabilities, and other liabilities 

Customer deposits at IDT Financial Services Limited (Gibraltar-based bank) 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Capital expenditures 

Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Purchase of convertible preferred stock in equity method investment 

Purchases of debt securities and equity investments 

Proceeds from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemption of equity investments 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Dividends paid 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from sale of redeemable equity in subsidiary 

Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Purchase of restricted shares of net2phone and National Retail Solutions common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Repurchases of Class B common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash payments made for interest 

Cash payments made for income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Value of the Company s Class B common stock exchanged for National Retail Solutions shares 

Conversion of equity method investment s secured promissory notes into convertible preferred stock 

Shares of the Company s Class B common stock issued to certain executive officers for bonus payments 

Liabilities incurred for acquisitions 

Shares of the Company s Class B common stock issued for business acquisitions 

Cashless exercise of stock options in exchange for shares of the Company s Class B common stock 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

IDT
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reportable business segments, National Retail Solutions NRS ), Fintech, net2phone (which comprises our cloud communications offerings), and Traditional
Communications. 

As
of July 31, 2024, the Company owned of the outstanding shares of its subsidiary, net2phone 2.0, Inc. net2phone 2.0 ),
which owns and operates the net2phone segment, and of the outstanding shares of NRS, and, on a fully diluted basis assuming all
the vesting criteria related to various rights granted have been met, the Company would own of net2phone
2.0 and of NRS. 

Technology and development expense 

Selling,
 general and administrative expense 

Depreciation and amortization expense reclassified to: 

Direct cost of revenues 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Technology and development expense 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

On
August 1, 2024, the Company adopted ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) , Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities
Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions, that clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not
considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The ASU also
requires specific disclosures related to equity securities that are subject to contractual sales restrictions. The adoption of the new
standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

and years; computer software years; and furniture and fixtures 
years. Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the term of their lease or their
estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. 

Non-compete
agreements, customer relationships, and tradenames are amortized over their estimated useful lives (see Notes 6 and 12). 

The
Company tests the recoverability of its property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company tests for recoverability
based on the projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less
than the carrying value of the asset, the Company will record an impairment loss, if any, based on the difference between the estimated
fair value and the carrying value of the asset. The Company generally measures fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets
or by discounting estimated future cash flows from such asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections and fair value
estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions prove to be incorrect, the
Company may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

When
performing its quantitative annual, or an interim (when conditions warrant), goodwill impairment test the Company compares the fair value of its reporting
units with their carrying amounts. The Company would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount
exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated
to that reporting unit. Additionally, the Company considers income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying
amount of its reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. The fair value of the reporting units is
estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as considering third party market value indicators. The Company s
use of a discounted cash flow methodology includes estimates of future revenue based upon budgets and projections. The Company also
develops estimates for future levels of gross and operating profits and projected capital expenditures. The Company s
methodology also includes the use of estimated discount rates based upon industry and competitor analysis as well as other factors.
Calculating the fair value of the reporting units requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates
and assumptions regarding the fair value of the reporting units prove to be incorrect, the Company may be required to record
impairments to its goodwill in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

These costs consist of payments made
to third parties and the salaries of employees working on such software development. Subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades
to internal-use software are capitalized only to the extent that they allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform.
Software maintenance and training costs are charged to expense in the period in which they are incurred. Capitalized internal use software
costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense related to such capitalized software
in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022 was million, million, and million, respectively. Unamortized capitalized
internal use software costs at July 31, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 

Non-vested restricted Class B common stock 

Diluted weighted-average number of shares 

There
were shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, or fiscal 2022. 

,
 , and of its consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. The Company s customers
with the five largest receivable balances collectively accounted for and of the consolidated gross trade accounts receivable
at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This concentration of customers increases the Company s risk associated with nonpayment
by those customers. In an effort to reduce such risk, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its significant customers. In
addition, the Company attempts to mitigate the credit risk related to specific IDT Global customers by also buying services from the
customer, in order to create an opportunity to offset its payables and receivables and reduce its net trade receivable exposure risk.
When it is practical to do so, the Company will increase its purchases from IDT Global customers with receivable balances that exceed
the Company s applicable payables in order to maximize the offset and reduce its credit risk. 

Reserve for losses on settlement assets 

Total 

2023 

Deducted from asset accounts: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Reserve for losses on settlement assets 

Total 

2022 

Deducted from asset accounts: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Reserve for losses on settlement assets 

Total 

(1) 

The
net2phone segment is comprised of net2phone s integrated cloud communications and contact center services. 

The
Traditional Communications segment includes: (i) IDT Digital Payments, which enables customers to transfer airtime and bundles of
airtime, messaging, and data to international and domestic mobile accounts; (ii) BOSS Revolution (formerly BOSS Revolution Calling),
an international long-distance calling service marketed primarily to immigrant communities in the United States and Canada; and
(iii) IDT Global, a wholesale provider of international voice and SMS termination and outsourced traffic management solutions to
telecoms worldwide. Traditional Communications also includes other small businesses and offerings including early-stage business
initiatives and mature businesses in harvest mode. 

Corporate
costs mainly include compensation, consulting fees, treasury, tax and accounting services, human resources, corporate purchasing, corporate
governance including Board of Directors fees, internal and external audit, investor relations, corporate insurance, corporate
legal, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses. Corporate does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any
direct cost of revenues. 

Income (loss) from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Year ended July 31, 2023 

Revenues 

Income (loss) from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Year ended July 31, 2022 

Revenues 

Income (loss) from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total
assets for the reportable segments are not provided because a significant portion of the Company s assets service multiple segments
and the Company does not track such assets separately by segment. 

Geographic
Information 

Total assets 

July 31, 2023 

Long-lived assets, net 

Total assets 

IDT
Digital Payments 

IDT
Digital Payments is sold direct-to-consumer and through distributors and retailers in the same manner as BOSS Revolution (see
below). The Company does not terminate the minutes in its IDT Digital Payments transactions. The Company s performance obligation
is to recharge (top-up) the airtime balance of a mobile account on behalf of the Company s customer. The Company has contracts
with various mobile operators or aggregators to provide the IDT Digital Payments service. The Company determined that it is the principal
in primarily all its IDT Digital Payments transactions as the Company controls the service to top-up a mobile account on behalf of the
Company s customer. However, for the portion of its IDT Digital Payments business where the Company has no customer service responsibilities,
no inventory risk, and does not establish the price, the Company determined that, as the Company is not considered to control the arrangement,
it acts as an agent of the mobile operators. The Company records gross revenues based on the amount billed to the customer when it is
the principal in the arrangement and records revenue net of the associated costs incurred when it acts as an agent in the arrangement.
The transfer of control happens at the point in time that the airtime is recharged, which is when the Company has a right to payment
and the customer has accepted the service. Accordingly, the performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized when the recharge
of the mobile account occurs. 

BOSS
Revolution direct-to-consumer 

BOSS
Revolution direct-to-consumer is offered on a pay-as-you-go basis or in unlimited plans. The customer prepays for service in
both cases, which results in a contract liability (deferred revenue). The contract term for pay-as-you-go plans is minute-to-minute and
includes separate performance obligations for the series of material rights to renew the contract. The performance obligation is satisfied
immediately after it arises, and the amount of consideration is known when the obligation is satisfied. Since the Company s satisfaction
of its performance obligation and the customer s use of the service occur simultaneously, the Company recognizes revenue at the
point in time when minutes are utilized, since the customer obtained control and the Company has a present right to payment. For unlimited
plans, the Company has a stand-ready obligation to provide service over time for an agreed upon term. Unlimited plans include fixed consideration
over the term. Plan fees for unlimited plans are generally refundable at the request of the customer up to three days after payment if
there was no usage. Since the Company s satisfaction of its performance obligation and the customer s use of the service
occur over the term of the plan, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. The Company uses an
output method as time elapses because it reflects the pattern by which the Company satisfies its performance obligation through the transfer
of service to the customer. The fixed upfront consideration is recognized evenly over the service period, which is generally 24 hours,
7 days, or one month. 

BOSS
Revolution sold through distributors and retailers 

BOSS
Revolution sold through distributors and retailers is the same service as BOSS Revolution sold direct-to-consumer. The
Company sells capacity to international calling minutes to retailers, or to distributors who resell to retailers. The retailer or distributor
is the Company s customer in these transactions. The Company s sales price to retailers and distributors, net of discounts,
is less than the end user rate for BOSS Revolution minutes. The customer or the Company may terminate their agreement at any
time upon thirty days written notice without penalty. Retailers may sell BOSS Revolution on a pay-as-you-go basis or in unlimited
plans. As described above, for pay-as-you-go, the Company recognizes revenue at the point in time when minutes are utilized, and for
unlimited plans, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. Retailers and distributors also receive
initial commissions upon sale to end users, and renewal commissions when certain end users subsequently purchase minutes directly from
the Company. Initial and renewal commission payments are accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price over time as the end user
uses the service. 

IDT
Global 

IDT
Global services are offered to both postpaid and prepaid customers. Postpaid customers are billed in arrears and typically consist of
credit-worthy companies such as Tier 1 carriers and mobile network operators. Prepaid customers are typically smaller communications
companies and independent call aggregators. There is no performance obligation until the transport and termination of international long-distance
calls commences. The initial contract durations range from six months to one year, and generally have successive extensions. During the
initial term, the contract can only be terminated in certain instances (such as bankruptcy of either party, damage to the other party s
network, fraud, or breach of contract). However, no penalties are applied if the agreement is terminated in the initial term. After the
initial term has expired, either party may terminate the agreement with notice of 30 days to 60 days depending on the agreement. The
term of the contract is essentially minute-to-minute as there is no penalty for an early termination and no obligation to send traffic. 

Each
iteration is a separate optional purchase that occurs over the contract duration (that is, minute-by-minute). The satisfaction of the
performance obligation is occurring at a point in time (as the minutes are transferred) because the provision of the service and the
satisfaction of the performance obligation are essentially occurring simultaneously. Revenue is recognized at the point in time upon
delivery of the service. 

The
Company has not generally entered into contracts that have retroactive pricing features. Additionally, as the performance obligations
are considered minute-by-minute obligations in the original contract, any modification of the original contract that leads to a conclusion
that there is a new contract would not result in any adjustment related to the original contract s consideration. 

The
Company provides discounts to its larger customers based on the expectation of a significant volume of minutes that are consistent with
that class of customer in the wholesale carrier market. The discounts do not provide a material right to the customer because the customer
receives the same pricing for all usage under the contract. 

IDT
Global s contracts may include tiered pricing based on minute volumes. The Company determined that its retroactive tiered pricing
should be accounted for as variable consideration because the final transaction price is unknown until the customer completes or fails
to complete the specified threshold. Currently, contracts with retroactive tiered pricing are not material. The Company estimates the
amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a subsequent change
in the estimate would not result in a significant revenue reversal. 

The
Company enters into Notification of Reciprocal Transmission NORT transactions, in which the Company commits to purchase
a specific number of wholesale carrier minutes to specific destinations at specified rates, and the counterparty commits to purchase
from the Company a specific number of minutes to specific destinations at specified rates. The number of minutes purchased and sold is
not necessarily the same. The rates in these reciprocal transactions are generally not at prevailing market rates, and the amounts paid
to the counterparty in excess of market rates are reflected as a reduction in revenue received from the customer. In addition, the Company
enters into transactions in which it swaps minutes with another carrier. The Company recognizes revenue and the related direct cost of
revenue for these reciprocal and swap transactions based on the fair value of the minutes. 

IDT
Global s NORT contracts include the promise of minimum guaranteed amounts of traffic. The performance obligation represents a stand
ready obligation to provide the specified number of minutes over the contractual term. The initial terms of NORT contracts generally
range from one month to six months. Since the Company s satisfaction of its performance obligation of routing calls to their destination
includes a minimum guaranteed amount of traffic, the Company recognizes revenue over a period of time as the service is rendered. The
customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Company s performance as the Company performs. The Company
uses an output method as the usage of minutes occur because it reflects the pattern by which the Company satisfies its performance obligation
through the transfer of service to the customer. 

National
Retail Solutions 

NRS
earns revenue from (1) the sale of POS terminals to retailers, (2) a monthly recurring charge for its software license, software upgrades,
and help desk support (collectively, the Software services ), (3) fees for advertising on the POS terminals, (4) sales of
the data collected by the POS terminals to data aggregators and others, and (5) merchant services commissions for the processing
of credit and debit card transactions on the POS terminals. 

NRS
sells its POS terminals to retailers. The terminals include a cash register, a barcode scanner, retailer
and customer-facing hi-definition screens, a receipt printer, and a credit card reader. The arrangement with the customer includes the
equipment sale including embedded POS software, as well as the Software services. Each hardware component and the Software services is
a separate performance obligation because each is a distinct good or service that can be obtained from alternate providers. The transaction
price is allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price SSP ). The SSP reflects
the amount the Company would charge for each performance obligation if it were sold separately in a standalone sale to similar customers
in similar circumstances. The SSP for POS terminals is generally estimated using the cost plus expected gross margin approach. Equipment revenue is recognized
at the point in time when the customer has physical possession of the POS terminal, which is when the customer can use the POS terminal
and embedded software and has the risks and rewards of ownership. Revenue from the Software services is recognized ratably over the term
of the contract because satisfaction of the performance obligation and the customer s use of the service occur evenly over the
term. 

NRS
sells advertising on the POS terminal s high-definition screens through internal sales agents, third-party brokers, and real-time
auctions on exchange platforms known as programmatic advertising. For advertising sold through its agents or a broker, as well as for
a portion of its programmatic advertising, NRS is the principal because it is responsible for performing the service by delivering advertisements
according to the customer s requirements. For the portion of its programmatic advertising where NRS does not control the ad space
before it is provided to the customer, NRS acts as an agent of the advertising exchange. NRS records gross revenues based on the amount
billed to the customer when it is the principal in the arrangement and records revenue net of the associated costs incurred when it acts
as an agent in the arrangement. The performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized during the period of time when the
advertisement is broadcast on the POS terminal. 

NRS
captures targeted, daily data from the POS terminals that it sells to customers. The performance obligation is the provision of a data
report, generally one report per POS terminal per week, where each report is a distinct good that is not interrelated with another report.
Customers purchase data reports generally for an annual fee per POS terminal. The consideration is variable because it depends on the
number of POS terminals selected. The performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized, at the point in time when the customer
receives a data report because the customer obtains control and has the benefit of the data. The amount recognized per report is the
same for each report since each report has the same standalone value to the customer. 

NRS 
merchant services, called NRS PAY, enable retailers to accept and process payments made by credit cards, debit cards, electronic benefits transfer, and other forms of electronic payment. NRS PAY revenue is
a monthly fee plus a percentage of the transaction amount plus a flat rate per transaction. There is no separate charge for the credit
card reader provided to the retailers, which remains NRS property and must be returned upon termination of NRS PAY. Merchant services
are provided as an agent of the payment processor or funding bank, therefore NRS records revenue net of the associated costs incurred.
The performance obligation is satisfied, and revenue is recognized when the payment is processed. 

The
retailers use of the credit card reader is a separate performance obligation that meets the definition of a lease. The lease consideration
is included in the NRS PAY monthly recurring charge. NRS accounts for the non-lease and lease components as a single performance obligation
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 because the timing and pattern of transfer of both components is the same, and the non-lease component is the predominant component. 

net2phone 

net2phone
earns revenue primarily through the provision of cloud communications services for businesses. The services are priced on a per-seat basis,
and its subscription revenue is a monthly fee per seat. Revenue is primarily recognized over the monthly service period. Revenue from
the sale of telephone equipment is recognized at a point in time when the equipment is delivered to the customer. 

net2phone
leases telephone equipment to certain customers, which is a separate performance obligation that meets the definition of a lease. The
lease consideration is included in the monthly recurring charge. net2phone accounts for the non-lease and lease components as a single
performance obligation in accordance with ASC 606 because the timing and pattern of transfer of both components is the same, and the
non-lease component is the predominant component. 

BOSS
Money 

Revenues
from international money transfers are primarily from transaction fees charged to the customer based on the amount sent and the send
and receive locations. In addition, revenues are earned on the foreign currency exchange based on the difference between purchasing currency
at wholesale exchange rates and selling the currency at retail exchange rates. The Company satisfies its international money transfer
performance obligations and recognizes revenue at a point in time when the designated
recipient receives the funds, as the Company has a right to payment and the customer has use of the service. 

Disaggregated
Revenues 

BOSS Money 

Other 

Total Fintech 

net2phone 

IDT Digital Payments 

BOSS Revolution 

IDT Global 

Other 

Total Traditional Communications 

TOTAL 

Revenues 

Outside the United States: 

United Kingdom 

Other 

Total outside the United States 

TOTAL 

Year ended July 31, 2023 

United States 

Outside the United States: 

United Kingdom 

Other 

Total outside the United States 

TOTAL 

Year ended July 31, 2022 

United States 

Outside the United States: 

United Kingdom 

Other 

Total outside the United States 

TOTAL 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

2026 

Thereafter 

TOTAL 

Accounts
Receivable and Contract Balances 

The
timing of revenue recognition may differ from the time of billing to the Company s customers. Trade accounts receivable in the
Company s consolidated balance sheets represent unconditional rights to consideration. The Company would record a contract asset
when revenue is recognized in advance of its right to bill and receive consideration. The Company has not currently identified any contract
assets. 

Contract
liabilities arise when the Company receives consideration or bills its customers prior to providing the goods or services promised in
the contract. The Company s contract liability balance is primarily payments received for prepaid BOSS Revolution. Contract
liabilities are recognized as revenue when services are provided to the customer. The contract liability balances are presented in the
Company s consolidated balance sheets as Deferred revenue . The Company s revenue recognized in fiscal 2024,
fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022 from amounts included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period was million,
 million, and million, respectively. 

The
Company estimates its expected breakage revenue by revenue stream recorded each month, based on inputs and assumptions about usage of
the deferred revenue balances. The Company used its historical deferred revenue usage data by revenue stream to calculate the percentage
of deferred revenue by month that will become breakage. The historical data indicated that customers utilized a very high percentage
of minutes purchased in the first three months. The Company periodically reviews its estimates based on updated data and adjusts the
monthly estimates accordingly. 

Deferred
Customer Contract Acquisition and Fulfillment Costs 

The
Company recognizes as an asset its incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer that it expects to recover. The
Company s incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are sales commissions paid to employees and third parties
on sales to end users. If the amortization period were one year or less for the asset that would be recognized from deferring these costs,
the Company applies the practical expedient whereby the Company charges these costs to expense when incurred. 

The
Company s costs to fulfill its contracts do not meet the criteria to be recognized as an asset, therefore these costs are charged
to expense as incurred. 

Deferred customer contract acquisition costs included in Other assets 

TOTAL 

In
fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company s amortization of deferred customer contract acquisition costs was 
million, million, and million, respectively. 

to . Certain of these leases include renewal options that may be exercised and/or options to terminate the lease. The Company
has concluded that it is not reasonably certain that it would exercise any of these options. 

The
Company leases office and parking space in a building and parking garage located at 520 Broad St, Newark, New Jersey that was previously
owned by Rafael Holdings, Inc. Rafael ), a related party. On August 22, 2022, Rafael sold the building
and parking garage to an unrelated third party. The Company s lease in that property continues with the new owner. The Company
leases office space in Israel from Rafael. Howard S. Jonas, the Chairman of the Company and the Chairman of the Company s Board
of Directors is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Chairman of Rafael. . In fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company incurred lease costs in connection
with the Rafael leases of million, million (which excludes Newark lease costs after August 22, 2022), and million, respectively.
Lease costs incurred in connection with the Rafael leases are included in operating lease cost in the table below. 

Short-term lease cost 

TOTAL LEASE COST 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate-operating leases 

In
fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company obtained right-of-use assets of million, million, and million,
respectively, in exchange for new operating lease liabilities. In addition, in fiscal 2024, the Company modified its lease at 520 Broad
St, Newark, New Jersey and reduced the related right-of-use asset by million and the related operating lease liability by million. 

Operating lease liabilities included in noncurrent liabilities 

TOTAL 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

TOTAL CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

At
July 31, 2024 and 2023, restricted cash and cash equivalents included million and million, respectively, in restricted cash
and cash equivalents for customer deposits held by IDT Financial Services. Certain of the electronic money financial services regulations
in Gibraltar require IDT Financial Services to safeguard cash held for customer deposits, segregate cash held for customer deposits from
any other cash that IDT Financial Services holds and utilize the cash only for the intended payment transaction. 

Company
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company treats unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of New York, LLC, which
provide the Company s international money transfer services in the United States, as substantially restricted and unavailable for
other purposes. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, Cash and cash equivalents in the Company s consolidated balance sheets
included an aggregate of million and million, respectively, held by IDT Payment Services, Inc. and IDT Payment Services of
New York, LLC, that was unavailable for other purposes. 

million. Onwaba S.R.L. and Gem S.R.L. are located in Uruguay and use the trade name Integra CCS. The operating results
of the acquired companies from the date of acquisition, which were not significant, are included in the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

The
purchase price consisted of: (a) cash of million that was paid at closing, (b) shares of the Company s Class B common
stock with a value of million that were issued at closing, (c) cash of million, half of which was paid in fiscal 2023 and the
remainder was paid in fiscal 2024, and (d) million based on annual cumulative incremental recurring
seat revenue of the net2phone segment over a four-year period, payable in cash and/or equity at net2phone 2.0 s discretion . 

Cash acquired 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Shares of the Company s Class B common stock 

Future payments subject to holdback 

Contingent consideration 

Total fair value of consideration, net of cash acquired 

The
acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using discounted cash flow models. This fair value measurement
was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represented a Level 3 measurement. There was no change in
the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2023. In fiscal 2024, the
Company paid an aggregate of million of the contingent consideration. 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment (mainly acquired technology) 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships -year useful lives) 

Tradename -year useful life) 

Non-compete agreements -year useful lives) 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Deferred income tax assets 

Trade accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability current portion 

Operating lease liability noncurrent portion 

Net assets acquired excluding cash 

The
goodwill was assigned to the net2phone segment and was attributable primarily to the assembled workforce and the expected synergies from
the business combination. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Leaf
Global Fintech Corporation 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company s subsidiary, IDT International Telecom, Inc. IDTIT ), purchased all of the outstanding
shares of Leaf Global Fintech Corporation Leaf ), a provider of digital wallet services in emerging markets, for up to
 million. Leaf s operating results from the date of acquisition, which were not significant, are included in the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

The
purchase price was comprised of (a) million paid in cash at the closing, (b) a working capital adjustment for a maximum of ,
and (c) million based on annual gross profit over a five-year period . 

Cash acquired 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Contingent consideration 

Total fair value of consideration, net of cash acquired 

The
acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using discounted cash flow models. This fair value
measurement was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represented a Level 3 measurement. There was
no change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration in the period from the acquisition date to July 31, 2022. In
fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company determined that the requirements for the contingent consideration payments would likely not
be met. The Company recorded gains of 
million and 
million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, on the write-off of the contingent consideration payment obligations, which
was included in Other operating expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Property, plant, and equipment (mainly acquired technology) 

Goodwill 

Tradename -year useful life) 

Net assets acquired excluding cash 

The
goodwill was assigned to the Fintech segment and was attributable primarily to the assembled workforce and the expected synergies from
the business combination. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Government sponsored enterprise notes 

Corporate bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2023 

Certificates of deposit 

U.S. Treasury bills and notes 

Corporate bonds 

Municipal bonds 

TOTAL 

The
gross unrealized losses in the table above are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance
sheets. As of July 31, 2024, the Company determined that the unrealized losses were due to changes in interest rates or market liquidity
and were not due to credit losses. In addition, as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not intend to sell any of the securities
with unrealized losses, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell any of these securities before recovery
of the unrealized losses, which may be at maturity. 

Proceeds
from maturities and sales of debt securities and redemptions of equity investments were million, million, and million
in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. There were no realized gains or realized losses from sales of debt securities
in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, or fiscal 2022. 

After one year through five years 

After five years through ten years 

After ten years 

TOTAL 

Government sponsored enterprise notes 

Corporate bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2023 

Certificates of deposit 

U.S. Treasury bills and notes 

Corporate bonds 

Municipal bonds 

TOTAL 

Corporate bonds 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2023 

U.S. Treasury bills and notes 

Corporate bonds 

TOTAL 

shares at July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Rafael Holdings, Inc. Class B common stock, shares at July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Other marketable equity securities 

Fixed income mutual funds 

Current equity investments 

Visa Inc. Series C Convertible Participating Preferred Stock Visa Series C Preferred 

Visa Inc. Series A Convertible Participating Preferred Stock Visa Series A Preferred 

Convertible preferred stock equity method investment 

Hedge funds 

Other 

Noncurrent equity investments 

Howard
S. Jonas is the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Zedge. 

In
June 2016, upon the acquisition of Visa Europe Limited by Visa, Inc. Visa ), IDT Financial Services received shares
of Visa Series C Preferred among other consideration. In July 2024 and July 2022, in connection with Visa s mandatory release assessments,
the Company received shares and shares, respectively, of Visa s Series A Preferred. In August 2024, the shares of Visa
Series A Preferred were converted into shares of Visa Class A common stock, which the Company sold for million. In August
2022, the shares of Visa Series A Preferred were converted into shares of Visa Class A common stock, which the Company sold
for million. 

Upward adjustment 

Redemption for Visa Series C Preferred mandatory release assessment 

Purchase 

Adjustment for observable transactions involving a similar investment from the same issuer 

Redemptions 

Impairments 

BALANCE, END OF PERIOD 

The
Company adjusted the carrying value of the shares of Visa Series C Preferred it held based on the fair value of Visa Class A common stock,
including a discount for lack of current marketability, which is classified as Adjustment for observable transactions involving
a similar investment from the same issuer in the table above. The Certificate of Designation with respect to the shares of Visa
Series C Preferred restricts the transferability of the shares, there is no public market for the shares, and none is expected to develop.
The shares become fully convertible into shares of Visa Class A common stock in June 2028. In addition, in connection with the acquisition
of Regal Bancorp by SR Bancorp, the Company received cash of million in fiscal 2024 in exchange for its shares of Regal Bancorp
common stock. 

Less: net gains recognized during the period on equity investments sold during the period 

Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity investments still held at the reporting date 

The
unrealized losses and gains for all equity investments measured at fair value in the table above included the following: 

Year ended July 31 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Unrealized (losses) gains recognized during the period on equity investments: 

Rafael Class B common stock 

Zedge Class B common stock 

Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity investments still held at the reporting date 

Equity
Method Investment 

The
Company has an investment in shares of convertible preferred stock of a communications company (the equity method investee, or EMI ).
As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company s ownership was and , respectively, of the EMI s outstanding shares
on an as converted basis. The Company accounts for this investment using the equity method since the Company can exercise significant
influence over the operating and financial policies of the EMI but does not have a controlling interest. 

The
Company determined that on the dates of the acquisitions of the EMI s shares, there were differences between its investment in
the EMI and its proportional interest in the equity of the EMI of an aggregate of million, which represented the share of the EMI s
customer list on the dates of the acquisitions attributed to the Company s interest in the EMI. . In the accompanying consolidated statements of income, amortization of
equity method basis difference is included in the equity in the net loss of investee, which is recorded in Other expense, net 
(see Note 18). 

As
of April 6, 2023, the Company was the holder of secured promissory notes made by the EMI in exchange for loans of an aggregate of 
million including accrued interest. The notes provided for interest on the principal amount at per annum payable monthly. The notes
were due and payable in February 2023 and April 2023 . On April 6, 2023, in accordance with an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
April 5, 2023, the EMI merged with and into its subsidiary, with the subsidiary being the surviving corporation. Effective with the merger,
the principal and accrued interest of the EMI s secured promissory notes was converted into shares of the EMI s convertible
preferred stock. 

Purchase of convertible preferred stock 

Conversion of secured promissory notes into convertible preferred stock 

Equity in the net loss of investee 

Amortization of equity method basis difference 

BALANCE, END OF PERIOD 

As
of August 22, 2024, the EMI s shareholders including the Company agreed to purchase additional shares of the EMI s
convertible preferred stock. The Company subscribed to purchase additional shares through January 2025 for an aggregate of 
million. In August 2024, the Company paid million to
purchase additional shares. 

Equity investments included in current assets 

Equity investments included in noncurrent assets 

TOTAL 

Acquisition consideration included in: 

Other current liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

TOTAL 

July 31, 2023 

Debt securities 

Equity investments included in current assets 

Equity investments included in noncurrent assets 

TOTAL 

Acquisition consideration included in: 

Other current liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

TOTAL 

At
July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in investments in hedge funds, which were included
in noncurrent Equity investments in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company s investments in hedge
funds were accounted for using the equity method, therefore they were not measured at fair value. 

Redemption for Visa mandatory release assessment 

Total gains (losses) included in Other expense, net 

BALANCE, END OF PERIOD 

Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for assets held at the end of the period 

Transfer into Level 3 from acquisitions 

Payments 

Total (gains) losses included in: 

Other operating expense, net 

Interest expense included in Interest income, net 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

BALANCE, END OF PERIOD 

Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for liabilities at the end of the period 

In
fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company paid an aggregate of million and million, respectively, for contingent consideration
related to prior acquisitions, which included and shares, respectively, of the Company s Class B common stock with
an issue date value of million in both fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. In addition, the Company recorded gains of million, 
million, and million in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively, on the write-off of contingent consideration payment
obligations. Also, in fiscal 2023, the Company increased the estimated fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration by
 million. These write-offs of contingent consideration net of the increase in the contingent consideration were included in Other
operating expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Fair
Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The
estimated fair value of the Company s other financial instruments was determined using available market information or other appropriate
valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting these data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently,
the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange. 

Cash
and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, settlement assets, other current assets, customer deposits, settlement liabilities,
and other current liabilities. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value
because of the short period of time to maturity. The fair value estimates for cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents
were classified as Level 1 and settlement assets, other current assets, customer deposits, settlement liabilities, and other current
liabilities were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Other
assets and other liabilities. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amount of these assets and liabilities approximated fair value.
The fair values were estimated based on the Company s assumptions, which were classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Computer software 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

The
Company reduced its gross property, plant, and equipment and accumulated depreciation and amortization by million and million
in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, for property, plant, and equipment that was fully depreciated and no longer in service. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense of property, plant, and equipment was million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, fiscal
2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company recorded an expense of million for telephone equipment that was taken out of service, which was included
in Other operating expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Acquisitions 

Adjustment 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

Balance at beginning 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2024 

Balance at end 

years 

Non-compete agreements 
 years 

Customer relationships 
 years 

TOTAL 
 years 

July 31, 2023 

Tradenames 
 years 

Non-compete agreements 
 years 

Customer relationships 
 years 

TOTAL 
 years 

In
March 2024, the Company completed a portion of the integration of the Leaf Wallet platform into the BOSS Money app, including replacing
the Leaf tradename with BOSS Money. The Leaf tradename balance of million was written-off in fiscal 2024. 

Amortization
expense of intangible assets was million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively.
The Company estimates that amortization expense of intangible assets with finite lives will be million, million, million,
 million, and million in fiscal 2025, fiscal 2026, fiscal 2027, fiscal 2028, and fiscal 2029, respectively. 

Aggregate funding provided by (repaid to) the Company, net 

Restricted cash 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Disbursement prefunding 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Other intangibles, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Settlement liabilities 

Due to the Company 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

The
VIE s assets may only be used to settle the VIE s obligations and may not be used for other consolidated entities. The VIE s
liabilities are non-recourse to the general credit of the Company s other consolidated entities. 

Corporate Straight Path Communications Inc. class action insurance claims 

Corporate Grow New Jersey Assistance Act tax credit 

Corporate other 

Fintech write-off of intangible asset 

Fintech write-off of contingent consideration liability 

Fintech government grants 

net2phone write-off of telephone equipment 

net2phone write-off of contingent consideration liability 

write-off of contingent consideration liability 

net2phone other 

National Retail Solutions write-off of capitalized internal use software costs 

National Retail Solutions other 

Traditional Communications write-off of capitalized internal use software costs 

Traditional Communications cable telephony customer indemnification claim 

Traditional Communications increase in contingent consideration liability 

Traditional Communications other 

TOTAL 

Straight
Path Communications Inc. Class Action 

As
discussed in Note 23, the Company (as well as other defendants) was named in a class action on behalf of the stockholders of the Company s
former subsidiary, Straight Path Communications Inc. Straight Path ). The Company incurred legal fees and recorded offsetting
gains from insurance claims related to this action in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2024, the Company received
the final payment from its insurance policy for these claims. On October 3, 2023, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismissed
all claims against the Company, and found that, contrary to the plaintiffs allegations, the class suffered no damages. The plaintiffs
will have 30 days from entry of the final order to file an appeal. 

Grow
New Jersey Assistance Act Tax Credit 

In
September 2017, the Company, the Company s subsidiary IDT Domestic Telecom, Inc. IDT DT ), and certain other affiliates
were certified by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority NJEDA as having met the requirements of the Grow New
Jersey Assistance Act Tax Credit Program. The program provides for credits against a corporation s New Jersey corporate business
tax liability for maintaining a minimum number of employees in New Jersey, and that tax credits may be sold subject to certain conditions.
On June 5, 2023, the Company received a 2019 tax credit certificate for million from the NJEDA. In August 2023, the Company sold
the certificate for cash of million. 

Contingent
Consideration Liabilities 

In
fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company determined that the requirements for the contingent consideration payments related to the
Leaf acquisition would likely not be met. The Company recognized gains in the Fintech segment of 
million and million
in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, on the write-off of these contingent consideration payment obligations. Also, in
fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2022, the Company determined that the requirements for contingent consideration payments related to an
acquisition in a prior period would not be met. The Company recognized gains in the net2phone segment of 
million and 
million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2022, respectively, on the write-off of these contingent consideration payment obligations. In
fiscal 2023, the Company increased the estimated fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration in its Traditional
Communications segment by 
million. 

Government
Grants 

In
fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, Leaf received payments from government grants for the development and commercialization of blockchain-backed
financial technologies. 

Write-off
of Capitalized Internal Use Software Costs 

In
fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company reduced its unamortized capitalized internal use software costs for internal use software that
was taken out of service and recorded expense of million and million, respectively. 

Indemnification
Claim 

Beginning
in June 2019, as part of a commercial resolution, the Company indemnified a cable telephony customer related to patent infringement claims
brought against the customer. On May 8, 2023, the Company and the customer agreed to release the Company from the indemnification agreement
in exchange for million. 

million. As of July 15, 2024 and July
28, 2023, IDT Telecom and TD Bank, N.A. amended certain terms of the credit agreement. IDT Telecom may use the proceeds to finance working
capital requirements and for certain closing costs of the facility. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, there were amounts outstanding under
this facility. In fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, IDT Telecom borrowed and repaid an aggregate of million, million,
and million, respectively, under the facility. . IDT Telecom pays a quarterly unused commitment fee of 10 basis points on the average daily balance of the unused portion of
the million commitment. IDT Telecom is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain
targets based on financial ratios during the term of the revolving credit facility. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, IDT Telecom was in
compliance with all of the covenants. 

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2025 through October 7, 2024, IDT Telecom borrowed and repaid an aggregate of million under the facility. 

Regulatory fees and taxes 

Compensation costs 

Maintenance and support 

Commissions 

Legal and professional fees 

Other 

TOTAL 

of its outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted
basis to Alta Fox Opportunities Fund LP Alta Fox for cash of million. Alta Fox has the right to request that NRS
redeem all or any portion of the NRS common shares that it purchased at the per share purchase price during a period of 182 days following
the fifth anniversary of this transaction. The redemption right shall terminate upon the consummation of (i) a sale of NRS or its assets
for cash or securities that are listed on a national securities exchange, (ii) a public offering of NRS securities, or (iii) a
distribution of NRS capital stock following which NRS common shares are listed on a national securities exchange. 

The
shares of NRS Class B common stock sold to Alta Fox have been classified as mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet because they may be redeemed at the option of Alta Fox, although the shares are not mandatorily redeemable. The carrying
amount of the shares includes the noncontrolling interest in the net income of NRS. The net income attributable to the mezzanine equity s
noncontrolling interest during the periods were as follows: 

Equity in net loss of investee 

Gains (losses) on investments 

Other 

TOTAL 

Foreign 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Accrued expenses 

Stock options and restricted stock 

Charitable contributions 

Depreciation 

Unrealized gain 

Net operating loss 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

NET DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS 

State and local 

Foreign 

Current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

Deferred 

BENEFIT FROM (PROVISION FOR) INCOME TAXES 

Valuation allowance 

Foreign tax rate differential 

Nondeductible expenses 

Revaluation of existing foreign attributes 

Prior year benefit 

State and local income tax, net of federal benefit 

Other 

BENEFIT FROM (PROVISION FOR) INCOME TAXES 

The
Company s cumulative undistributed foreign earnings are included in retained earnings in the Company s consolidated balance
sheets and consisted of approximately million at July 31, 2024. The Company has concluded that the earnings remain permanently reinvested. 

At
July 31, 2024, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. These loss carryforwards
are available to offset future U.S. federal taxable income. million expire in fiscal
2028 through fiscal 2038, and million do not expire. The Company has foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
million, of which approximately million does not expire, approximately million expires in two to ten years, and approximately
 million expires in twenty years. These foreign loss carryforwards are available to offset future taxable income in the countries in
which the losses were incurred. million, which will expire through fiscal 2027. With the reacquisition of net2phone by the Company in March 2006,
its losses were limited under Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382 to approximately million per year. In fiscal 2024,
the Company had an IRC Section 382 study conducted on the reacquisition and the limitation was adjusted to million per year. The Company
recorded a tax benefit related to the adjusted amount of million in fiscal 2024. The net operating loss carryforwards do not include
any excess benefits related to stock options or restricted stock. 

2023 

Reserves deducted from deferred income taxes, net: 

Valuation allowance 

2022 

Reserves deducted from deferred income taxes, net: 

Valuation allowance 

In
fiscal 2024, the Company increased the valuation allowance by million, which included the establishment of a valuation allowance
of million for deferred income tax assets that were not more likely than not going to be utilized prior to expiration, net of a
decrease of million due to the utilization or disposal of previously valued deferred income tax assets and a release of million
for profitability in the United Kingdom. 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company decreased the valuation allowance by million, which included a decrease of million due to the utilization
or disposal of previously valued deferred income tax assets and a release of million for profitability in the United Kingdom, net
of an establishment of million for deferred income tax assets that were not more likely than not going to be utilized prior to expiration. 

At
July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any unrecognized income tax benefits. There were no changes in the balance of unrecognized
income tax benefits in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022. At July 31, 2024, the Company did not expect any changes in unrecognized
income tax benefits during the next twelve months. In fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company did not record any interest
and penalties on income taxes. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, there was no accrued interest included in current income taxes payable. 

The
Company currently remains subject to examinations of its tax returns as follows: U.S. federal tax returns for fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2024,
state and local tax returns generally for fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2024, and foreign tax returns generally for fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2024. 

per share on the Company s Class
A and Class B common stock. In fiscal 2024, the Company paid aggregate cash dividends of million on its Class A and Class B common
stock. 

In
September 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share to holders of the Company s Class
A and Class B common stock. The dividend was paid on to stockholders of record as of the close of business on . 

Stock
Repurchases 

The
Company has an existing stock repurchase program authorized by its Board of Directors for the repurchase of shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million shares in the aggregate. In fiscal 2024,
the Company repurchased shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. In fiscal 2023, the Company
repurchased shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. In fiscal 2022, the Company repurchased
 shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. At July 31, 2024, million shares remained
available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program. 

In
the first quarter of fiscal 2025 through October 7, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of its Class B common stock for an
aggregate purchase price of million. 

In
fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company paid million, million, and million, respectively, to repurchase
 ; ; and ; respectively, of the Company s Class B common stock that were tendered by employees of the Company
to satisfy the employees tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of deferred stock units DSUs ),
the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock, and shares issued for bonus payments. Such shares were repurchased by the Company based
on their fair market value as of the close of business on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date. 

Exchange
of NRS Equity for Shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock and Cash 

In
June 2024, the Company initiated a tender offer to purchase 
of each qualified holder s outstanding DSUs of NRS in exchange for cash or shares of the Company s Class B common stock.
In July 2024, certain qualified holders tendered and sold an aggregate of 
NRS DSUs to the Company, and, as a condition of the tender offer, each DSU seller granted to the Company an option, exercisable in
the Company s sole discretion for a period of one year, to purchase an additional aggregate 
DSUs at the same purchase price. In addition, in July 2024, certain holders of NRS DSUs and shares of NRS Class B common
stock sold an aggregate of 
NRS DSUs and 
shares of NRS Class B common stock to the Company, and, each of these sellers granted to the Company an option, exercisable
in the Company s sole discretion for a period of one year, to purchase an additional aggregate 
NRS DSUs and 
shares of NRS Class B common stock with the purchase price to be paid in shares of the Company s Class B common stock
with a value based on an average closing price of the Company s Class B common stock at the time of the exercise notice. The
NRS DSUs and shares in the exchange represented an aggregate of 
of NRS outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis. The NRS DSUs and shares were exchanged for an aggregate of 
and 
shares of the Company s Class B common stock that were issued in July 2024 and August 2024, respectively, and cash of 
million, with an aggregate value of 
million based on agreed-upon valuations of the NRS DSUs and NRS Class B common stock and the market value of the Company s Class B common stock at the time of issuance. The Company accounted for the exchange of
NRS Class B common stock for shares of the Company s Class B common stock as an equity transaction and recorded a
decrease in Noncontrolling interests and an increase in Additional paid-in capital of ,
based on the carrying amount of the 
noncontrolling interest in NRS. The Company accounted for the exchange of NRS DSUs for shares of the Company s Class B
common stock and cash as compensation expense and recorded stock-based compensation expense of 
million based on the closing price of the shares of the Company s Class B common stock on the date prior to the date that the
shares were issued plus the cash paid. 

In
January 2024, three management employees of NRS exchanged shares of NRS Class B common stock that they held for shares of the
Company s Class B common stock with an equal value. The NRS shares in the exchange represented an aggregate of 
of NRS outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis), which were exchanged for an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s Class B common stock. The Company accounted for the exchange as an equity transaction and recorded a
decrease in Noncontrolling interests and an increase in Additional paid-in capital of 
million, based on the carrying amount of the 
noncontrolling interest in NRS. 

Stock
Issued to Certain Executive Officers for Bonus Payments 

In
fiscal 2023, certain executive officers of the Company received performance bonuses for fiscal 2022 of an aggregate of million,
of which one-half was paid in cash and one-half was paid in shares of the Company s Class B common stock. The Company issued 
shares of its Class B common stock with an issue date value of million for the bonus payments. 

shares of Class B common stock reserved for the grant of awards under the 2024 Plan, all of which were available for future grants. 

2015
Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

The
2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan was intended to provide incentives to officers, employees, directors,
and consultants of the Company, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, limited rights, DSUs, and restricted stock. The 2015
Plan expired on September 16, 2024. In fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company s stockholders approved amendments
to the 2015 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for the grant of awards thereunder
by an additional ; ; and shares, respectively. 

Stock
Options 

Option
awards have generally been granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s stock on the date of
grant. 
option awards were granted in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, or fiscal 2022. When issued, the fair value of stock options is estimated on the date of
the grant using a Black-Scholes valuation model. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s Class
B common stock and other factors. The Company uses historical data on exercise of stock options, post vesting forfeitures and other
factors to estimate the expected term of the stock-based payments granted. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

OUTSTANDING AT JULY 31, 2024 

EXERCISABLE AT JULY 31, 2024 

In
fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company received cash from the exercise of stock options of million, million,
and million, respectively, for which the Company issued ; ; and shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock.
In addition, in April 2022, Howard S. Jonas exercised stock options for million shares of the Company s Class B common stock
that were granted on May 2, 2017. The exercise price of these options was per share and the expiration date was . Mr.
Jonas used shares of the Company s Class B common stock with a value of million to pay the aggregate exercise price
of the options. Mr. Jonas tendered shares of the Company s Class B common stock with a value of million to satisfy
a portion of his tax obligations in connection with his stock option exercises. 

The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022 was million, million, and 
million, respectively. At July 31, 2024, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
fair value of restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock is determined based on the closing price of the Company s
Class B common stock on the grant date. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

NON-VESTED RESTRICTED SHARES AT JULY 31, 2024 

non-vested restricted shares at July 31, 2024 included in the table above that will vest on February 25, 2025 only if the
Company s Class B common stock closes above 50 per share for ten consecutive trading days prior to February 25, 2025, otherwise
the restricted shares will be forfeited. 

At
July 31, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted shares, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total grant date fair value of shares vested in fiscal 2024, fiscal
2023, and fiscal 2022 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Deferred
Stock Units Equity Incentive Programs 

per share (which was based on the market price at the time of the initial grants under this program). On
February 21, 2024 and on May 17, 2023, in accordance with the program and based on certain elections made by grantees, the Company issued
 and shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock for vested DSUs. Subject to continued full time employment or other
services to the Company, the remaining DSUs are scheduled to vest on February 25, 2025, the final vesting date under the program.
The Company estimated that the fair value of the DSUs on the date of grants was an aggregate of million, which is being recognized
on a graded vesting basis over the requisite service periods ending in February 2025. The Company used a risk neutral Monte Carlo simulation
method in its valuation of the DSUs, which simulated the range of possible future values of the Company s Class B common stock
over the life of the DSUs. 

The
Company had a prior equity incentive program in the form of DSUs that, upon vesting, entitled the grantees to receive shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. On January 5, 2022, the Company issued shares of its Class B common stock in respect of vested DSUs. 

Effective
as of September 21, 2020, the Company granted DSUs that were not included in the program described above, which upon vesting, entitled
the grantee to receive shares of the Company s Class B common stock. In fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, the Company
issued , , and shares, respectively, of its Class B common stock in respect of the vesting of these DSUs. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

NON-VESTED SHARES AT JULY 31, 2024 

At
July 31, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested DSUs, which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of years. The total grant date fair value of DSUs vested in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022
was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Amended
and Restated Employment Agreement with Abilio Bill Pereira 

On
December 21, 2023, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Bill Pereira, the Company s President
and Chief Operating Officer. The agreement provides for, among other things, certain equity grants, including DSUs that, upon
vesting, represent the right to receive shares of the Company s Class B common stock (which are included in the DSU table above),
and shares of Class B common stock of net2phone 2.0, as well as a contingent bonus subject to the completion of certain financial
milestones as set forth in the agreement. In fiscal 2024, two of these milestones were achieved, for which the Company issued to Mr.
Pereira shares of its Class B common stock in fiscal 2024 with an issue date value of million, and the Company will issue
an additional shares of its Class B common stock in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2024, the Company recorded aggregate
stock-based compensation expense of million related to these equity grants and the contingent bonus, which is included in Selling,
general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Stock
Issued to an Employee 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company granted shares of its Class B common stock to an employee. The Company recorded stock-based compensation
expense and an increase in Additional paid-in capital of million for this grant, which was the fair value of the shares
on the grant date. 

NRS
Restricted Common Stock 

Effective
as of June 30, 2022, restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock representing of its outstanding capital stock on a fully
diluted basis were granted to certain NRS employees. The restrictions on the shares will lapse in three installments, the first was on
June 1, 2024, and the others are June 1, 2026, and June 1, 2027. The estimated fair value of the restricted shares on the grant date
was million, which is being recognized over the vesting period. At July 31, 2024, unrecognized compensation cost related to NRS 
non-vested Class B common stock was an aggregate of million. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over
the remaining vesting period that ends in fiscal 2027. 

In
connection with the vesting of the restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock on June 1, 2024, the Company repurchased a portion of
the shares representing an aggregate of of the outstanding shares of NRS with an aggregate fair value of million to satisfy
the grantees tax withholding obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock. The fair value per
share of the NRS Class B common stock was based on a valuation of the total equity of NRS using a market approach and income approach.
The Company recorded a decrease in Noncontrolling interests of and a decrease in Additional paid-in capital 
of million, and an offsetting income tax withholding liability of million. 

In
February 2022, restricted shares of NRS Class B common stock representing of its outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted
basis were granted to certain employees of the Company for services provided. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense and
an increase in Additional paid-in capital of million for these grants, based on the estimated fair value on the grant
date. 

net2phone
2.0, Inc. Restricted Common Stock 

On
December 31, 2020, a compensatory arrangement with each of Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
was finalized. Howard S. Jonas and Shmuel Jonas each received million restricted shares of net2phone 2.0 s Class B common stock,
which represented an aggregate of of net2phone 2.0 s issued and outstanding common stock at the time of the grant. In January 2024, the restrictions lapsed on these
restricted shares. In addition, in January 2024, Bill Pereira was granted shares of net2phone 2.0 Class B common stock in connection
with the agreement described above. The Company repurchased a portion of these shares representing an aggregate of of the outstanding
shares of net2phone 2.0 with an aggregate fair value of million to satisfy the grantees tax withholding obligations in connection
with the lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock or the grant of shares. The fair value per share of the net2phone 2.0 Class B common
stock was based on a valuation of the business enterprise using a market approach and income approach. The Company recorded an increase
in Noncontrolling interests of and a decrease in Additional paid-in capital of million, and
an offsetting income tax withholding liability of million. 

Other comprehensive loss attributable to IDT Corporation 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

Other comprehensive loss attributable to IDT Corporation 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to IDT Corporation 

BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2024 

In
addition to the foregoing, the Company is subject to other legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and
have not been finally adjudicated. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company believes that none of the other legal
proceedings to which the Company is a party will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows,
or financial condition. 

Sales
Tax Contingency 

On
June 21, 2018, the United States Supreme Court rendered a decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., holding that a state may require
a remote seller with no physical presence in the state to collect and remit sales tax on goods and services provided to purchasers in
the state, overturning certain existing court precedent. It is possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that the Company has
liability for periods for which it has not collected sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful
it could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and operating results. One or more jurisdictions
may change their laws or policies to apply their sales, use or other similar taxes to the Company s operations, and if such changes
were made it could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and operating results. 

Regulatory
Fees Audit 

The
Company s 2017 FCC Form 499-A, which reported its calendar year 2016 revenue, was audited by the Universal Service Administrative
Company USAC ). The USAC s final decision imposed a million charge on the Company for the Federal Telecommunications
Relay Service TRS Fund. The Company has appealed the USAC s final decision to the FCC and does not intend to remit
payment for the TRS Fund fees unless and until a negative decision on its appeal has been issued. The Company has made certain changes
to its filing policies and procedures for years that remain potentially under audit. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company s accrued
expenses included million and million, respectively, for FCC-related regulatory fees for the year covered by the audit, as
well as prior and subsequent years. 

Purchase
Commitments 

At
July 31, 2024, the Company had purchase commitments of million primarily for equipment and services. 

Performance
Bonds 

The
Company has performance bonds issued through third parties for the benefit of various states in order to comply with the states 
financial requirements for money remittance licenses and telecommunications resellers. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had aggregate
performance bonds outstanding of million and million, respectively. The increase in the performance bonds was due to increased
money remittance transactions in fiscal 2024 compared to prior years. 

million in each
of fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022 for services provided, net of the amounts charged by Rafael to the Company. At both July
31, 2024 and 2023, other current assets reported in the Company s consolidated balance sheets included net receivable from Rafael
of million. 

See
Note 4 regarding the Company s office lease arrangements with Rafael. 

Genie
Energy Ltd. 

The
Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with Genie Energy Ltd. Genie prior to the spin-off of Genie in October
2011, which provides for certain services to be performed by the Company and Genie. The Company charged Genie million, million,
and million in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively, for services provided and other items, net of the amounts
charged by Genie to the Company. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, other current assets reported in the Company s consolidated balance
sheets included receivables from Genie of million and million, respectively. 

Other
Related Party Transactions 

The
Company provides office space, certain connectivity and other services to Jonas Media Group, a publishing firm owned by Howard S. Jonas.
Billings for such services were ; ; and in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively. The balance owed
to the Company by Jonas Media Group was and as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Mason
and Company Consulting, LLC Mason and Co. ), a company owned solely by Jonathan Mason, receives annual commissions and
fees for the insurance brokerage referral and placement of certain of the Company s insurance policies. Jonathan Mason is the husband
of Joyce J. Mason, the Company s General Counsel, and brother-in-law of Howard S. Jonas. Based on information the Company received
from Jonathan Mason, the Company believes that Mason and Co. received commissions and fees from payments made by the Company in the aggregate
amount of in fiscal 2024, in fiscal 2023, and in fiscal 2022. Neither Howard S. Jonas nor Joyce Mason has any
ownership or other interest in Mason and Co., or the commissions paid to Mason and Co., other than via the familial relationships with
Jonathan Mason. 

IDT
DT leases space in a building in the Bronx, New York that is owned by a limited liability company that is jointly owned by Howard S.
Jonas and Shmuel Jonas. The annual rent is . 

The
Company had loans receivable from employees aggregating million and million at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which
are included in Other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

million, million, and million, respectively. The Company s Class A common stock
and Class B common stock are not investment options for the plan s participants. 

F- 41 

<EX-21.01>
 2
 ex21-01.htm

Exhibit
21.01 

In
accordance with SEC rules, the following is a list of IDT Corporation s (IDT) subsidiaries as of July 31, 2024, other than those
subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, that would not constitute a significant subsidiary as
of July 31, 2024. 

This
list of subsidiaries will change from year-to-year as a result of changes in IDT and its subsidiaries results of operations and
financial condition, legal entity consolidations and any sales and other dispositions of IDT s subsidiaries. Accordingly, this
list is not representative of the total number of subsidiaries that IDT may have at any given time. 

Domestic
Subsidiaries 

IDT
 America, Corp. (NJ) 
 IDT
 Payment Services, Inc . (DE) 
 
 IDT
 Domestic Telecom, Inc. (DE) 
 IDT
 Telecom, Inc. (DE) 
 
 IDT
 Domestic-Union, LLC (DE) 
 Net2Phone,
 Inc. (DE) 
 
 IDT
 Financial Services, LLC (DE) 
 Net2Phone
 Global Services, LLC (DE) 
 
 IDT
 International Telecom, Inc. (DE) 
 National
 Retail Solutions, Inc. (DE) 
 
 IDT
 Payment Services of New York, LLC (DE) 

IDT
Payment Services, Inc. has d/b/a - Boss Revolutions Money Transfers and Boss Money 

Foreign
Subsidiaries 

Name 
 Country 
 
 IDT
 Corporation de Argentina S.A. 
 Argentina 
 
 IDT
 Telecom Canada Corp. 
 Canada 
 
 Versature
 Communications Corp. 
 Canada 
 
 IDT
 Guatemala S.A. 
 Guatemala 
 
 IDT
 Financial Services Limited 
 Gibraltar 
 
 IDT
 Telecom Asia Pacific Limited 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 Elmion
 Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 
 IDT
 Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 
 IDT
 Global Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 
 IDT
 Retail Europe Limited 
 United
 Kingdom 

Versature
Communications Corp. has registered Net2Phone Canada as a Trade Name 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 3
 ex23-01.htm

Exhibit
23.01 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our reports dated October 15, 2024, with respect to
the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of IDT Corporation on
Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements
of IDT Corporation on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-104286, File No. 333-115403, File No. 333-11910, File No. 333-119190, File No. 333-37141,
File No. 333-43501, File No. 333-45199, File No. 333-53719, File No. 333-61565, File No. 333-71991, File No. 333-77395, File No. 333-80133,
and File No. 333-86261) and Forms S-8 (File No. 333-100424, File No.333-105865, File No.333-110657, File No.333-116266, File No.333-130287,
File No. 333-130288, File No. 333-130562, File No. 333-146718, File No. 333-154257, File No.333-177247, File No. 333-19727, File No. 333-199299,
File No. 333-208447, File No. 333-214105, File No. 333-220982, File No. 333-42267, File No. 333-49150, File No. 333-63282, File No. 333-73167,
File No. 333-234168, File No. 333-260252, and File No. 333-275010). 

/s/
 GRANT THORNTON LLP 

New
 York, New York 

October
 15, 2024 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 4
 ex31-01.htm

Exhibit
31.01 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

 pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Shmuel Jonas, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 15, 2024 

/s/
 Shmuel Jonas 

Shmuel
 Jonas 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 5
 ex31-02.htm

Exhibit
31.02 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

 pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Marcelo Fischer, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDT Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 15, 2024 

/s/
 Marcelo Fischer 

Marcelo
 Fischer 

Chief
Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 6
 ex32-01.htm

Exhibit
32.01 

IDT
CORPORATION 

Certification
Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Shmuel Jonas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
October 15, 2024 

/s/
 Shmuel Jonas 

Shmuel
 Jonas 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to IDT Corporation and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 7
 ex32-02.htm

Exhibit
32.02 

IDT
CORPORATION 

Certification
Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of IDT Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Marcelo Fischer, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
October 15, 2024 

/s/
 Marcelo Fischer 

Marcelo
 Fischer 

Chief
Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to IDT Corporation and will be retained by IDT Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-97>
 8
 ex97.htm

Exhibit
97 

Compensation
Clawback Policy 

Adopted
on October 26, 2023 

1. PURPOSE
 AND SCOPE 

IDT
Corporation (the Company has adopted this Compensation Clawback Policy (the Policy to comply with Section
954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank ), as codified by Section 10D of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), and Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which require
the recovery of certain forms of executive compensation in the case of accounting restatements resulting from a material error in an
issuer s financial statements. This Policy shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee. 

2. EFFECTIVE
 DATE 

This
Policy shall be effective as of the date it is adopted by the Board and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that is approved,
awarded, or granted to Covered Executives on or after that date. Subject to applicable law, recovery under this Policy may be effected
from any amount of compensation approved, awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Executive prior to, on or after the effective
date. 

3. COVERED
 EXECUTIVES 

This
Policy applies to all of the Company s current and former executive officers, and such other employees who may from time to time
be deemed subject to this Policy by the Board (each, a Covered Executive ). For purposes of this Policy, an executive officer
means an officer as defined in Rule 10D-1(d) under the Exchange Act. 

4. INCENTIVE-BASED
 COMPENSATION 

For
purposes of this Policy, the term Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested
based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure. Financial reporting measures are measures
that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the issuer s financial statements,
and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures, including stock price and total stockholder return. For the avoidance
of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation does not include annual salary, compensation awarded based on completion of a specified period
of service, or compensation awarded based on subjective standards, strategic measures, or operational measures. 

5. RECOVERY;
 ACCOUNTING RESTATEMENT 

In
the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to material noncompliance with
any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error
in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material
misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a Restatement ),
the Company shall, as promptly as it reasonably can, recover any Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive during
the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare such Restatement (the Restatement
Date ), so long as the Incentive-Based Compensation received by such Covered Executive is in excess of what would have been awarded
or vested after giving effect to the Restatement. The Restatement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the date the Company s board
of directors, a board committee, or officer(s) are authorized to take such action if board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably
should have concluded, that the issuer is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the issuer
with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws as described in Rule 10D-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act or (ii) the
date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the issuer to prepare an accounting restatement. The amount to be recovered
will be the excess of the Incentive-Based Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data in the original financial
statements over the Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated
results, without respect to any taxes paid. 

Subsequent
changes in a Covered Executive s employment status, including retirement or termination of employment, do not affect the Company s
rights to recover Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall
be deemed to have been received during the fiscal period in which the financial reporting measure specified in the award is attained,
even if such Incentive-Based Compensation is paid or granted after the end of such fiscal period. 

No
recovery shall be required in the case of a Board determination that the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing
this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Such determination shall be made after a reasonable and documented attempt to recover
the Incentive-Based Compensation, which documentation shall be provided to the New York Stock Exchange. 

The
Board or, if applicable, Compensation Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the method of recovering any Incentive-Based
Compensation pursuant to this Policy. 

6. NO
 INDEMNIFICATION 

The
Company shall not indemnify any current or former Covered Executive against the loss of erroneously awarded compensation, and shall not
pay, or reimburse any Covered Executives for premiums, for any insurance policy to fund such executive s potential recovery obligations.
Further, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that is granted, paid or awarded
to an Executive Officer from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recovery of any erroneously awarded
compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date of this
Policy). 

Any
members of the Board who assist in the administration of this Policy shall not be personally liable for any action, determination or
interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall be fully indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent under applicable
law and Company policy with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation. The foregoing sentence shall not limit any other
rights to indemnification of the members of the Board under applicable law or Company policy. 

7. AMENDMENT
 AND INTERPRETATION 

The
Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion, and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect the regulations
adopted by the SEC and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities
are then listed. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of
the Exchange Act, Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and any
national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then listed. 

8. OTHER
 RECOUPMENT RIGHTS; COMPANY CLAIMS 

The
Board intends that this Policy shall be applied to the fullest extent of the law. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition
to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company under applicable law or pursuant
to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies
available to the Company. 

Nothing
contained in this Policy, and no recoupment or recovery as contemplated by this Policy, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal
remedies the Company or any of its affiliates may have against a Covered Executive arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions
by the Covered Executive. 

9. SUCCESSORS 

This
Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other
legal representatives. 

10. EXHIBIT
 FILING REQUIREMENT 

A
copy of this Policy and any amendments thereto shall be posted on the Company s website and filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K. 

Compensation
Clawback Policy Acknowledgment 

[To
Be Signed by the Company s Executive Officers] 

I,
the undersigned, agree and acknowledge that I am fully bound by, and subject to, all of the terms and conditions of IDT Corporation s
Compensation Clawback Policy (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Policy ).
In the event of any inconsistency between the Policy and the terms of any employment agreement to which I am a party, or the terms of
any compensation plan, program or agreement under which any compensation has been granted, awarded, earned or paid, the terms of the
Policy shall govern. In the event it is determined pursuant to the Policy that any amounts granted, awarded, earned or paid to me must
be forfeited or reimbursed to the Company, I will promptly take any action necessary to effectuate such forfeiture and/or reimbursement.
Any capitalized terms used in this Acknowledgment without definition shall have the meaning set forth in the Policy. 

By: 

Date: 

Print
Name: 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 idt-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 idt-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 idt-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 idt-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

