<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-K_edgar_data_1584693_0001493152-24-042789.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33727147</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175045</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>29728938</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1320634</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1111961</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1277936</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-042789.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029092532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-042789
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Healthcare Integrated Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584693
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				463052781
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36564
		FILM NUMBER:		241402879

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1462 RUDDER LANE
		CITY:			KNOXVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37919
		BUSINESS PHONE:		865-237-4448

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1462 RUDDER LANE
		CITY:			KNOXVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37919

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GRASSHOPPER STAFFING, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tomichi Creek Outfitters
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130819

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-042789.txt : 20241029

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the outstanding common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the closing sales price for the registrant s common stock on January 31, 2024 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second quarter), as reported on the OTC Pink market, was approximately . As
of October 27, 2024, there were shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS . 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 10 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES . 
 10 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 10 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 
 10 
 
 PART II 
 11 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES . 
 11 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA . 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 20 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE . 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES . 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 21 
 
 PART III 
 22 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . 
 22 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . 
 25 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS . 
 29 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE . 
 31 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES . 
 32 
 
 PART IV 
 33 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 33 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 34 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss
future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 intend, could, should, would, may, seek, plan, 
 might, will, expect, predict, project, forecast, 
 potential, continue , negatives thereof or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are found
at various places throughout this Annual Report and include information concerning: possible or assumed future results of our operations;
business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future operations,
future cash needs, business plans and future financial results; and any other statements that are not historical facts. 

From
time to time, forward-looking statements are also included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases,
in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all the forward-looking statements included
in this Annual Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn
out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future
events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. Considering these risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a
different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this Annual Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed
in this Annual Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report. 

Except
to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

For
discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results see Item
1A - Risk Factors below. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Healthcare
Integrated Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively the Company, we, our or us is a healthcare technology company based in Knoxville, Tennessee. We are creating a diversified spectrum of healthcare technology solutions
to integrate and automate the continuing care, home care and professional healthcare spaces. 

Our
initial product, SafeSpace with AI Vision , is an ambient fall detection solution designed for continuing care communities
and at home use. SafeSpace includes hardware devices utilizing RGB, radar and other sensor technology coupled with our internally developed
software to effectively monitor a person remotely. In continuing care communities, SafeSpace detects resident falls and generates alerts
to a centralized, intelligent dashboard without the use of wearable devices or any action by the resident. In the home, SafeSpace detects
falls and sends alerts directly to designated individuals. 

We
recently introduced and are currently pilot testing two additional products - SafeFace and SafeGuard . SafeFace provides
fully automated and ambient time and attendance reporting for facility staff, and an integrated and automatic agency invoice reconciliation
feature. SafeGuard is a novel fully ambient elopement detection and alerting system based on our facial recognition technology. 

In
addition to our current product offerings, we are developing a home concierge healthcare service application to provide a virtual
assisted living experience for seniors, recently released postoperative patients, and others. The concierge application will enable
the consumer to obtain home healthcare services and health and safety monitoring equipment to improve quality of life. We are also
working to develop a fully integrated solution for the professional healthcare community that integrates electronic health records,
remote patient monitoring, telehealth, and other items where integration is beneficial. 

Our
History 

The
Company has historically been engaged in three distinct businesses. First, we were incorporated in the state of Nevada on June 25, 2013
as Tomichi Creek Outfitters, aiming to provide professionally guided big game hunts in Sargents, Colorado, which is approximately four
hours southwest from Denver. Our secondary business included offering guided scenic tours on the western slopes of the Rocky Mountains.
Our Chief Executive Officer CEO and sole director at that time was Jeremy Gindro. These operations were discontinued
in 2015. 

Second,
on March 2, 2015, the Company entered into a Business Acquisition Agreement and share exchange under which we acquired the business and
assets of Grasshopper Staffing, Inc. Grasshopper Colorado ), formed in the state of Colorado on January 13, 2015. The exchange
for 10,651 was represented by 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for all the outstanding shares of Grasshopper
Colorado. The assets purchased include the trademark and website, office supplies and office furniture. On November 2, 2015 we filed
a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation changing the name of our Company from Tomichi Creek Outfitters to Grasshopper
Staffing, Inc. Grasshopper Colorado was operating as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and was the primary operating business
of the Company until the acquisition of IndeLiving Holdings Inc., on March 13, 2018. Our management consisted of Melanie Osterman as
CEO, and Jeremy Gindro as our sole director. The operations of Grasshopper Colorado were discontinued in February 2019. 

Third,
we acquired IndeLiving Holdings, Inc. IndeLiving on March 13, 2018 and changed our name to Healthcare Integrated Technologies,
Inc. Our current operations are described in the above Overview section. With the acquisition of IndeLiving, we had another
change in management, and Scott M. Boruff became our CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

Employees
and Human Capital 

At
July 31, 2024, we had 4 employees. 

At
July 31, 2023, we had 4 employees. 

4 

None
of our employees are represented by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages
and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Our
objectives surrounding human resources include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our
existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purpose of our equity incentives are to attract, retain and reward
personnel through the granting of stock-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and promote the success of
the Company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities. 

Available
Information 

We
electronically file certain documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). We file annual reports on Form 10-K; quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q; and current reports on Form 8-K (as appropriate); along with any related amendments and supplements thereto. From
time to time, we may also file registration statements and related documents in connection with equity or debt offerings. You may read
and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You may
obtain information regarding the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet
website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Risks
Related to Economic and Market Conditions 

General
Economic and Financial Conditions 

The
success of any investment activity is influenced by general economic and financial conditions, all of which are beyond the control of
the Company. These conditions, such as the recent global economic concerns and volatility in the financial markets, may materially adversely
affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to implement our business strategy and/or meet our return objectives. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

The
Company s industry is highly competitive and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors, which may give them
an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete 

We
participate in a highly competitive industry where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods or approaches,
who may have far greater resources, more experience, and personnel more qualified than we do. Such resources may give our competitors
an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products obsolete. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities. 

The
Company may be unable to respond to the rapid technological change in its industry and such change may increase costs and competition
that may adversely affect its business 

Rapidly
changing technologies, frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards characterize the Company s
market. The continued growth of the internet and intense competition in the Company s industry exacerbate these market characteristics.
The Company s future success will depend on its ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies by continually improving the
performance features and reliability of its products and services. The Company may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent
the successful development, introduction or marketing of its products and services. In addition, any new enhancements must meet the requirements
of its current and prospective users and must achieve significant market acceptance. The Company could also incur substantial costs if
it needs to modify its products and services or infrastructures to adapt to these changes. 

The
Company also expects that new competitors may introduce products, systems or services that are directly or indirectly competitive with
the Company. These competitors may succeed in developing products, systems and services that have greater functionality or are less costly
than the Company s products, systems and services, and may be more successful in marketing such products, systems and services.
Technological changes have lowered the cost of operating communications and computer systems and purchasing software. These changes reduce
the Company s cost of providing services but also facilitate increased competition by reducing competitors costs in providing
similar services. This competition could increase price competition and reduce anticipated profit margins. 

5 

The
Company s services are new and its industry is evolving 

You
should consider the Company s viability by considering the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by companies
in their early stage of development. To be successful in this industry, the Company must, among other things: 

develop
 and introduce functional and attractive services; 

attract
 and maintain a large base of customers; 

increase
 awareness of the Company brand and develop consumer loyalty; 

respond
 to competitive and technological developments; 

build
 an operations structure to support the Company business; and 

attract,
 retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

The
Company cannot guarantee that it will succeed in achieving these goals, and its failure to do so would have a material adverse effect
on its business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

The
Company s products and services are new and are in the initial, preliminary or pilot stages of development. The Company is not
certain that these products and services will function as anticipated or be desirable to its intended market. Also, some of the Company s
products and services may have limited functionalities, which may limit their appeal to consumers and put the Company at a competitive
disadvantage. If the Company s current or future products and services fail to function properly or if the Company does not achieve
or sustain market acceptance, it could lose customers or could be subject to claims which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company s business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

Uncertainty
of profitability 

Our
business strategy may result in increased volatility of future revenues and earnings. As we will only develop a limited number of products
and services at a time, our overall success will depend on a limited number of products and services, which may cause variability and
unsteady profits and losses depending on the products and services offered. 

Our
potential revenues and our profitability may be adversely affected by economic conditions and changes in the market. Our business is
also subject to general economic risks that could adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition. 

Because
of the anticipated nature of the products and services that we will attempt to develop, it is difficult to accurately forecast revenues
and operating results and these items could fluctuate in the future due to several factors. These factors may include, among other things,
the following: 

Our
 ability to raise sufficient capital to take advantage of opportunities and generate sufficient revenues to cover expenses. 

Our
 ability to source strong opportunities with sufficient risk adjusted returns. 

Our
 ability to manage our capital and liquidity requirements based on changing market conditions. 

The
 acceptance of the terms and conditions of our licenses and/or the acceptance of our royalties and fees. 

The
 amount and timing of operating costs and other costs and expenses. 

The
 nature and extent of competition from other companies that may reduce market share and create pressure on pricing and investment
 return expectations. 

Adverse
 changes in the national and regional economies in which we will participate, including, but not limited to, changes in our performance,
 capital availability, and market demand. 

Adverse
 changes in the projects in which we plan to invest which result from factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, a
 change in circumstances, capacity and economic impacts. 

Changes
 in laws, regulations, accounting, taxation, and other requirements affecting our operations and business. 

Our
 operating results may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed above and others not listed. At times, these fluctuations
 may be significant. 

6 

Our
independent auditors report for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 have expressed doubts about our ability to continue
as a going concern 

Due
to the uncertainty of our ability to meet our current operating and capital expense requirements, in our audited annual financial statements
as of and for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, our independent auditors included a going concern qualification in their report
regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have incurred recurring losses and have generated limited revenue
since inception. These factors and our need for additional financing to effectively execute our business plan raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. The presence of the going concern note to our financial statements may have an adverse
impact on the relationships we are developing and plan to develop with third parties as we continue the commercialization of our products
and could make it challenging and difficult for us to raise additional financing, all of which could have a material adverse impact on
our business and prospects and result in a significant or complete loss of your investment. 

Management
of growth will be necessary for us to be competitive 

Successful
expansion of our business will depend on our ability to effectively attract and manage staff, strategic business relationships, and shareholders.
Specifically, we will need to hire skilled management and technical personnel as well as manage partnerships to navigate shifts in the
general economic environment. Expansion has the potential to place significant strains on financial, management, and operational resources,
yet failure to expand will inhibit our profitability goals. 

We
are entering a highly competitive market 

The
markets for the healthcare and senior monitoring industries are competitive and evolving. We face intense competition from larger companies
that may be in the process of offering comparable products and services to ours. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer
operating histories, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and larger client bases than we have or expect to
have in the near future. 

Given
the rapid changes affecting the global, national, and regional economies generally, and the healthcare industry specifically, we may
not be able to create and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our success will depend on our ability to keep pace with
any market, legal and regulatory changes as well as competitive pressures. Any failure by us to anticipate or respond adequately to such
changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, liquidity and cash flow. 

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately
or prevent fraud, and any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely
impact the future trading price of our common stock 

Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reporting and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed,
and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result, our small size and any current internal control deficiencies
may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation and access to capital. 

7 

We
currently have insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC disclosure requirements. Additionally, there is a lack of formal process and timeline for
closing the books and records at the end of each reporting period and such weaknesses restrict the Company s ability to timely
gather, analyze and report information relative to the financial statements. 

Because
of the Company s limited resources, there are limited controls over information processing. There is inadequate segregation of
duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company s management is composed of a small number of individuals resulting in a
situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation, we would need to hire additional qualified
staff. 

The
Company s failure to continue to attract, train, or retain highly qualified personnel could harm the Company s business 

The
Company s success also depends on the Company s ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel, specifically those
with management and product development skills. In particular, the Company must hire additional skilled personnel to further the Company s
research and development efforts. Competition for such personnel is intense. If the Company fails in attracting new personnel, or retaining
and motivating the Company s current personnel, the Company s business could be harmed. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Because
we will likely issue additional shares of our common stock, investment in our Company could be subject to substantial dilution 

Investors 
interests in our company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share when we issue additional
shares. We are currently authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share. As of October 27, 2024,
there are 102,204,936 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. We anticipate that all or at least some of our future funding,
if any, will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. If we do sell more common stock, investors 
investment in our company will likely be diluted. Dilution is the difference between what you pay for your stock and the net tangible
book value per share immediately after the additional shares are sold by us. If dilution occurs, any investment in the Company s
common stock could seriously decline in value. 

Trading
in our common stock on the OTC Pink has been subject to wide fluctuations 

Our
common stock is currently quoted for public trading on the OTC Pink market. The trading price of our common stock has been subject to
wide fluctuations. Trading prices of our common stock may fluctuate in response to several factors, many of which will be beyond our
control. The stock market has generally experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of companies with no current business operation. There can be no assurance that trading prices and price
earnings ratios previously experienced by our common stock will be matched or maintained. These broad market and industry factors may
adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility
in the market price of a company s securities, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted. Such litigation, if
instituted, could result in substantial costs for us and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provides for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability,
which may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders due to corporate resources being expended for the benefit
of officers and/or directors 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws include provisions that fully eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary
damages to the fullest extent possible under the laws of the State of Nevada or other applicable law. These provisions eliminate the
liability of our directors and our shareholders for monetary damages arising out of any violation of a director of his fiduciary duty
of due care. Under Nevada law, however, such provisions do not eliminate the personal liability of a director for (i) breach of the director s
duty of loyalty, (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law, (iii) payment
of dividends or repurchases of stock other than from lawfully available funds, or (iv) any transaction from which the director derived
an improper benefit. These provisions do not affect a director s liabilities under the federal securities laws or the recovery
of damages by third parties. 

8 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on any investment in the shares of common stock of our Company and any gain on an investment in our Company
will need to come through an increase in our stock s price, which may never happen 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the near future. To the
extent that we require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may prohibit the payment
of a dividend. Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in our company will need to come through an increase
in the price of our common shares. This may never occur and investors may lose all their investment in our company. 

Because
our securities are subject to penny stock rules, you may have difficulty reselling your shares 

Our
shares, as penny stocks, are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which imposes additional sales practice
requirements on broker/dealers who sell our company s securities, including the delivery of a standardized disclosure document;
disclosure and confirmation of quotation prices; disclosure of compensation the broker/dealer receives; and furnishing monthly account
statements. These rules apply to companies whose shares are not traded on a national stock exchange, trade at less than 5.00 per share,
or who do not meet certain other financial requirements specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

These
rules require brokers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors 
to complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors, and provide investors with certain information concerning
the risks of trading in such penny stocks. These rules may discourage or restrict the ability of brokers to sell our shares of common
stock and may affect the secondary market for our shares of common stock. These rules could also hamper our ability to raise funds in
the primary market for our shares of common stock. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (known as FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common shares, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect
on the market for our shares. 

There
could be unidentified risks involved with an investment in our securities 

The
foregoing risk factors are not a complete list or explanation of the risks involved with an investment in our securities. Additional
risks will likely be experienced that are not presently foreseen by the Company. Prospective investors must not construe this information
provided herein as constituting investment, legal, tax or other professional advice. Before making any decision to invest in our securities,
you should read this entire Annual Report and consult with your own investment, legal, tax and other professional advisors. An investment
in our securities is suitable only for investors who can assume the financial risks of an investment in the Company for an indefinite
period and who can afford to lose their entire investment. The Company makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect
to the likelihood of the success or the business of the Company, the value of our securities, any financial returns that may be generated
or any tax benefits or consequences that may result from an investment in the Company. 

9 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

None. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

On
September 18, 2023, Apex Funding Source, LLC (the Lender filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York,
County of New York (the Court ), naming Grasshopper Staffing, Inc. and Indeliving Holdings, Inc., both of which are wholly
owned subsidiaries of the Company, as defendants in the suit. The action against our wholly owned subsidiaries is due to an alleged guarantee
of a loan the Lender made to Blue Earth Resources, Inc. BERI ), an entity related to the Company through common management
control. The lawsuit is an action for BERI s breach of a loan agreement and failure to pay 4,705,900 in principal and interest
to the Lender when due. The lawsuit also named Scott M. Boruff, the CEO and Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, and Platinum
Equity Advisors, LLC, the Company s largest principal shareholder that is controlled by Julie Boruff, spouse of Scott M. Boruff,
as defendants for their alleged guaranty of the BERI loan. On April 18, 2024, the Lender filed a motion seeking partial summary judgment
on its First Cause of Action against BERI and its Second Cause of Action against Scott M. Boruff in the amount of 4,705,900, plus their
actual and reasonable attorneys fees. Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries were included in the motion seeking partial summary judgment and there has been no additional
activity relating to the Company or its subsidiaries. 

In
the event the Lender attempts to enforce the alleged guarantees against our subsidiaries, we believe we have valid defenses against such
an action. In addition, both subsidiaries previously discontinued their operations and currently have no assets. In the judgement of
the Company s management, if the pending actions were adversely determined they would not have a material adverse effect on the
Company. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

10 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink market under the symbol HITC. The OTC Pink market is a quotation service that displays
real-time quotes, last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter equity securities. 

The
following table shows, for the periods indicated, the high and low bid prices per share of the Company s common Stock as reported
by the OTC Pink quotation service. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions, and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year 2023 

First quarter ended October 31, 2022 
 0.22 
 0.05 
 
 Second quarter ended January 31, 2023 
 0.23 
 0.06 
 
 Third quarter ended April 30, 2023 
 0.16 
 0.09 
 
 Fourth quarter ended July 31, 2023 
 0.12 
 0.06 

Fiscal Year 2024 

First quarter ended October 31, 2023 
 0.14 
 0.05 
 
 Second quarter ended January 31, 2024 
 0.11 
 0.05 
 
 Third quarter ended April 30, 2024 
 0.11 
 0.04 
 
 Fourth quarter ended July 31, 2024 
 0.13 
 0.07 

(b)
Holders 

As
of October 27, 2024, there were 90 stockholders of record. Because shares of the Company s common stock are held by
depositaries, brokers and other nominees, the number of beneficial holders of the Company s shares is larger than the number
of stockholders of record. 

(c)
Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock. We do not intend to declare dividends in the near future because we anticipate
that we will reinvest any future earnings into the development and growth of our business. Any decision as to the future payment of dividends
will depend on our results of operations and financial position and such other factors as our Board of Directors in its discretion deems
relevant. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 

The
Company does not have in effect any compensation plans under which the Company s equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is VStock Transfer, LLC located at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 and through October 27, 2024, we have not issued any securities
which were not registered under the Securities Act and not previously disclosed in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
or Current Reports on Form 8-K other than those listed below: 

On
May 2, 2024, we issued 250,000 shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 25,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were
used for working capital. The issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an
exemption provided by Section 4(a)2 of that act. 

On
July 15, 2024, we issued 2,000,000 shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 200,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were
used for working capital. The issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an
exemption provided by Section 4(a)2 of that act. 

On September 20, 2024, we issued 1,000,000
shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor resulting in net proceeds to the
Company of 100,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were used for working capital. The
issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption provided by Section
4(a)2 of that act. 

On September 26, 2024, we issued 1,000,000
shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor resulting in net proceeds to the
Company of 100,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were used for working capital. The
issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption provided by Section
4(a)2 of that act. 

On
October 8, 2024, we issued 2,000,000 shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share in two separate
transactions to accredited investors resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 200,000. We incurred no cost related to the
private transactions. The net proceeds were used for working capital. The issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under
the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption provided by Section 4(a)2 of that act. 

On
October 10, 2024, we issued 3,500,000 shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share in three separate
transactions to accredited investors resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 350,000. We incurred no cost related to the
private transactions. The net proceeds were used for working capital. The issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under
the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption provided by Section 4(a)2 of that act. 

On October 18, 2024, we issued 1,000,000
shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor resulting in net proceeds to the
Company of 100,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were used for working capital. The
issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption provided by Section
4(a)2 of that act. 

On October 21, 2024, we issued 1,000,000
shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor resulting in net proceeds to the
Company of 100,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were used for working capital. The
issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption provided by Section
4(a)2 of that act. 

On
October 24, 2024, we issued 5,320,000 shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 532,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were used
for working capital. The issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption
provided by Section 4(a)2 of that act. 

On
October 25, 2024, we issued 3,500,000 shares of our unregistered common stock at a price of 0.10 per share to an accredited investor
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 350,000. We incurred no cost related to the private transaction. The net proceeds were used
for working capital. The issuance of the shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on an exemption
provided by Section 4(a)2 of that act. 

Rule
10B-18 Transactions 

. 

11 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND
OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS, LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY
FUTURE RESULTS, LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE RISKS
AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, THOSE LISTED UNDER FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS AND
THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. 

This
discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated financial statements, financial condition, liquidity, and cash
flows of Healthcare Integrated Technologies, Inc, for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 and the interim periods included
herein. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Executive
Overview 

Healthcare
Integrated Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries is a healthcare technology company based in Knoxville, Tennessee. We are creating
a diversified spectrum of healthcare technology solutions to integrate and automate the continuing care, home care and professional healthcare
spaces. 

Our
initial product, SafeSpace with AI Vision , is an ambient fall detection solution designed for continuing care communities
and at home use. SafeSpace includes hardware devices utilizing RGB, radar and other sensor technology coupled with our internally developed
software to effectively monitor a person remotely. In continuing care communities, SafeSpace detects resident falls and generates alerts
to a centralized, intelligent dashboard without the use of wearable devices or any action by the resident. In the home, SafeSpace detects
falls and sends alerts directly to designated individuals. 

We
recently introduced and are currently pilot testing two additional products - SafeFace and SafeGuard . SafeFace provides
fully automated and ambient time and attendance reporting for facility staff, and an integrated and automatic agency invoice reconciliation
feature. SafeGuard is a novel fully ambient elopement detection and alerting system based on our facial recognition technology. 

In
addition to our current product offerings, we are developing a home concierge healthcare service application to provide a virtual assisted
living experience for seniors, recently released postoperative patients, and others. The concierge application will enable the consumer
to obtain home healthcare services and health and safety monitoring equipment to improve quality of life. We are also working to develop
a fully integrated solution for the professional healthcare community that integrates electronic health records, remote patient monitoring,
telehealth, and other items where integration is beneficial. 

Strategy 

Our
mission is to grow a profitable healthcare technology company by focusing on our core product, continuing the development of our proprietary
software, and developing new uses and product lines for our technology. Our management team is focused on maintaining financial flexibility
and assembling the right complement of personnel and outside consultants required to successfully execute our mission. 

Financial
and Operating Results 

We
continue to utilize funds raised from the private sales of our common stock, issuance of debt, and short-term advances from related parties
to provide cash for our operations, which has allowed us to continue refining our initial product and readying it for pilot testing,
developing future product offerings and adding talented individuals to our management team and on a contract basis. Highlighted achievements
for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 include: 

12 

We
 continue to evaluate our two new products - SafeFace and SafeGuard. SafeFace provides fully automated and ambient time and attendance
 reporting for facility staff, and an integrated and automatic agency invoice reconciliation feature. SafeGuard is a novel fully ambient
 elopement detection and alerting system based on our facial recognition technology. 

On
 August 8, 2023, we announced a strategic alliance with Signature HealthCARE Signature ). The alliance aims to implement
 a series of pilot programs during the coming fiscal year. The collaboration will involve several new proprietary, fully ambient AI-based
 solutions to be pilot tested and deployed across multiple Signature senior living facilities. Signature is a family-based healthcare
 company that offers integrated services in 10 states across the continuum of care, including skilled nursing, rehabilitation, assisted
 living, memory care, home health, cognitive care, and telemedicine. 

On
 December 1, 2023 we entered into a contract with Signature to install our SafeFace AI-based
 proprietary software to automatically track and trace every individual who enters a facility,
 photographing the individual as they enter the facility, and providing notifications to the
 facility staff when that individual enters and exits the facility. The 322,000 contract
 covers 23 Signature facilities 14,000 per facility) and is part of an infection control
 program funded by a grant Signature received from the State of Tennessee. The contract expired
 on April 1, 2024 and the net revenue was recognized over the contract period. 

On
 December 1, 2023 we entered into a contract with Signature to install our SafeFace AI-based
 proprietary software to automatically track and trace employees and agency staff as they
 enter and exit a facility. The data is used to track and compare billings to employee and
 agency staff time input. Utilizing custom designed reports, Signature can identify discrepancies
 in employee reports and agency staff invoices as part of a control process to prevent over
 and under billings. We entered into this contract under a contingent fee arrangement whereby
 we receive 50 of any cost savings identified by the system. We did not recognize any revenue
 under this contract during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. Due to the contingent nature
 of our fee arrangement, we cannot accurately predict future revenue from this contract. The
 contract expires on November 30, 2024. 

We
 received 550,000 in net proceeds from the sale of our common stock at an average price of 0.10 per share. The net proceeds were
 used to pay off existing debt and provide working capital. 

13 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

During
the year ended July 31, 2024, we recognized 322,000 in Contract revenue from our service agreement that ended April 1, 2024. We
have been unable to obtain an extension to the service agreement, or enter into any additional agreements, that would allow us to
continue recognizing revenue in subsequent periods. Approximately 184,000 of our current period Contract revenue and Cost of
contracts includes equipment and equipment installation costs, which may or may not be relevant to any future contracts or
agreements. Approximately 64,400 of our current period Contract revenue and Cost of contracts includes sales commissions, which
most likely will be included in any future contracts or agreements. We had no Contract revenue or Cost of contracts during the year
ended July 31, 2023. 

Operating
Expenses 

The
table below presents a comparison of our operating expenses for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 
 Variance 

Officers salaries 
 359,942 
 496,543 
 (136,601 
 (28 
 
 Professional fees 
 69,521 
 145,017 
 (75,496 
 (52 
 
 Software development 
 40,805 
 - 
 40,805 
 - 
 
 Travel and entertainment 
 25,709 
 2,197 
 23,512 
 1,070 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 9,919 
 6,184 
 3,735 
 60 
 
 Other 
 10,384 
 7,726 
 2,658 
 34 
 
 Total Selling, general administrative 
 516,280 
 657,667 
 (141,387 
 (21 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 186,643 
 287,016 
 (100,373 
 (35 
 
 Amortization 
 221,919 
 16,885 
 205,034 
 1,214 
 
 Impairment of intangibles 
 140,770 
 - 
 140,770 
 - 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 1,065,612 
 961,568 
 104,044 
 11 

Officers 
Salaries - Officers salaries decreased 136,601, or 28 , from 2023. The decrease is a result of the Company s officers
accepting voluntary pay reductions to better reflect time commitments and reduce operating cost during the start-up phase. 

Professional
Fees - Professional fees decreased 75,496, or 52 , from the prior year. The decrease from 2023 primarily results from a 62,000
decrease in the expense for outside consultants, 17,274 decrease in legal fees and a 1,389 decrease in accounting fees, which were
partially offset by a 4,128 increase in patent related costs and a 1,039 increase in transfer agent and SEC filing costs. 

Software
Development - Software development expenses increased 40,805 over 2023. Prior to this period, our internally developed software
had not been placed in service and software development cost were being capitalized. 

Travel
and Entertainment - Travel and entertainment expenses increased 23,512 over the prior year. The increase in travel and entertainment
expenses is directly attributable to focused capital raising effort and actively evaluating acquisition opportunities during the period. 

Advertising
and Marketing - Advertising and marketing expenses increased 3,735, or 60 , over 2023. The increase results from 5,494 in additional
expense for conferences and conventions in 2024 that was partially offset by a net decrease in other advertising and marketing related
costs. 

Other
- Other expenses increased 2,658, or 34 , over the prior year. The decrease from 2023 primarily results from a 2,503 increase in
penalties associated with the deferral of payroll tax liabilities in 2020. 

Stock-based
Compensation - Stock-based compensation expense decreased 100,373, or 35 , from 2023. The decrease results from a 2024 reduction
in the amortization of the grant date fair value of employee stock options and restricted stock awards granted to our CEO, CFO, CTO and
CMO. The decreases was partially offset by the additional expense related to the issuance of stock grants, restricted stock awards and
warrants to outside consultants. 

14 

Amortization
 - Amortization expense increased 205,034 over 2023. The increase in amortization expense primarily relates to the amortization of
capitalized software development cost during the year ended July 31, 2024 that had not yet been placed in service during the prior year. 

Impairment of Intangibles - Impairment of intangibles
increased 140,770 over the same period in the prior year. The impairment expense relates to the abandonment of certain patent applications
and the establishment of an impairment reserve on active patent applications. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

The
table below presents a comparison of our other income (expense) for the nine months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variance 
 Variance 

Interest expense 
 (55,079 
 (417,341 
 362,262 
 87 
 
 Extinguishment of liabilities 
 279,903 
 - 
 279,903 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlements 
 56,250 
 - 
 56,250 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 - 
 76,451 
 (76,451 
 - 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 281,074 
 (340,890 
 621,964 
 182 

Interest
Expense - Interest expense decreased 362,262, or 87 , over the prior year. Interest expense decreased due to a paydown and refinance
of debt in June of 2023. The prior loan, which was in place during 2023, had a larger principal balance and associated fees that were
initially recorded as debt discount and were being amortized as a component of interest expense. 

Extinguishment
of Liabilities - We recorded income from the extinguishment of liabilities of 279,903 in 2024. Management determined it was more
likely than not that the Company would not be required to settle the obligations, which were recorded on the books of a non-operating
subsidiary. We had no income from the extinguishment of liabilities in 2023. 

Gain
on Settlements - We recorded a gain on settlements of 56,250 in 2024 upon the settlement amounts owed to a consultant that were
expensed in a prior year. We had no gain on settlements in 2023. 

Change
in Fair Value of Derivative Liability We had no derivative liability during 2024 and, accordingly, no change in the fair
value of derivative liability. The change in the fair value of the derivative liability in 2023 was associated with debt that was retired
in June of 2023. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working
Capital 

The
following table summarizes our working capital for the fiscal years ending July 31, 2024 and 2023: 

July 31, 2024 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 Current assets 
 222,584 
 34,503 
 
 Current liabilities 
 (1,022,522 
 (1,569,803 
 
 Working capital deficiency 
 (799,938 
 (1,535,300 

Current
assets for the year ended July 31, 2024 increased 188,081 as compared to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. The increase is due
to an increase in cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable that was partially offset by small decrease in prepaid expenses. The increase in cash primarily results from sales of our common stock and collection of amounts owed under the Signature
contract. 

Current
liabilities for the year ended July 31, 2024 decreased 547,281 as compared to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. The decrease is primarily
due to the reduction in amounts owed to related parties of 370,989, a 138,506 reduction in accrued compensation related to executive
compensation agreements being wholly or partially paid in common stock, and a 75,924 decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses.
The decreases were partially offset by a 38,138 increase in related party notes payable. 

15 

Net
Cash Used by Operating Activities 

We
currently do not have a recurring revenue source and will continue to have negative cash flow from operations for the near future. The
factors in determining operating cash flows are largely the same as those that affect net earnings, except for non-cash expenses such
as depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, and cash received from deferred revenue, which affect earnings but do not
affect operating cash flow. Net cash used by operating activities was 267,729 and 106,203 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The 161,526 increase in net cash used by operating activities during 2024 is attributable to a 212,556 decrease in the
adjusted net loss from operations that is offset by a 374,082 decrease in changes in operating assets and liabilities from the 2023
amounts. The 212,556 decrease in the adjusted net loss from operations primarily results from a 82,052 increase in revenues and a 136,601
decrease in officer s compensation. The 374,082 decrease in changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily results from
 363,421 in payments to related parties that significantly reduced short-term related party loans and accrued expenses. 

Net
Cash Used by Investing Activities 

Net
cash used by investing activities was -0- and 27,560 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The amount is comprised
of cash paid for the filing of patent applications and for the development of software for our internal use. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 442,880 for the year ended July 31, 2024, which represents a 309,757 increase over the 2023
amount. The 2024 increase primarily resulted from a 250,000 increase in proceeds received from the issuance of stock and a net decrease
in the repayment of related party loans and short term debt. 

At
this time, we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient funding from debt financings and/or
the sale of our equity securities to meet our obligations over the next twelve months. We are likely to continue using short-term loans
from management to meet our short-term funding needs. We have no material commitments for capital expenditures as of July 31, 2024. 

Going
Concern Qualification 

We
have a history of losses, an accumulated deficit, negative working capital and have not generated cash from operations to support a meaningful
and ongoing business plan. Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm has included a Going Concern Qualification 
in their report for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. The foregoing raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. We intend on financing our future activities and working capital needs largely from the sale of private
and/or public equity securities with additional funding from other traditional financing sources, including term notes, until such time
that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. There is no guarantee that additional capital
or debt financing will be available when and to the extent required, or that if available, it will be on terms acceptable to us. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Going
Concern Qualification might make it substantially more difficult to raise capital. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of U.S. GAAP. U.S. GAAP requires
the use of estimates; assumptions, judgments and subjective interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets,
liabilities, revenues and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external
disclosures including information regarding contingencies, risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying
accounting assumptions adhere to U.S. GAAP and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of
our financial statements. 

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements. 

16 

We
believe the following critical policies impact our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

Business
Combinations 

We
account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method requires that the acquired assets
and liabilities, including contingencies, be recorded at fair value determined on the acquisition date and that changes thereafter be
reflected in income (loss). The estimation of fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed involves several estimates and assumptions
that could differ materially from the actual amounts recorded. The results of the acquired businesses are included in our results from
operations beginning from the day of acquisition. 

In
accordance with ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , we recognize an allowance for credit losses on acquired
financial assets with credit deterioration since origination. The allowance of credit losses is measured based on the Current Expected
Credit Loss (CECL) model, which requires an estimate of the expected credit losses over the life of the financial asset. This estimate
considers historical loss information, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The allowance for credit losses,
if any, is recorded as a reduction to the carrying amount of the financial asset, with a corresponding charge to earnings. 

Risk
and Uncertainties 

Factors
that could affect our future operating results and cause actual results to vary materially from management s expectation include,
but are not limited to: our ability to maintain and secure adequate capital to fund our operations and fully develop our product(s);
our ability to source strong opportunities with sufficient risk adjusted returns; acceptance of the terms and conditions of our licenses
and/or the acceptance of our royalties and fees; the nature and extent of competition from other companies that may reduce market share
and create pressure on pricing and investment return expectations; changes in the projects in which we plan to invest which result from
factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, a change in circumstances, capacity and economic impacts; changes in laws,
regulations, accounting, taxation, and other requirements affecting our operations and business. Negative developments in these or other
risk factors could have a significant adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. We base our estimates on experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on a regular basis and actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between
market participants. A fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as
follows: 

Level
1 Inputs - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the
measurement date. 

Level
2 Inputs - Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
These might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets
or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as
interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market
data by correlation or other means. 

Level
3 Inputs - Unobservable inputs for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions
about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 

Financial
instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and borrowings. The fair value of current financial
assets and current financial liabilities approximates their carrying value because of the short-term maturity of these financial instruments. 

17 

Intangible
Assets 

Intangible
assets consist of patents, our website and the costs of software developed for internal use. Certain payroll and stock-based compensation
costs incurred are allocated to the intangible assets. We determine the amount of costs to be capitalized based on the time spent by
employees or outside contractors on the projects. Intangible assets are amortized over their expected useful life on a straight-line
basis. We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. If the estimate of an intangible asset s remaining life is changed,
the remaining carrying value of the intangible asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets such as property, equipment and identifiable intangibles are reviewed for impairment at least annually or whenever facts and circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. When required, impairment losses on assets to be held and used are recognized
based on the fair value of the asset. The fair value is determined based on estimates of future cash flows, market value of similar assets,
if available, or independent appraisals, if required. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment
loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the asset. 

Derivative
Liability 

Options,
warrants, convertible notes, or other contracts, if any, are evaluated to determine if those contracts, or embedded components of those
contracts, qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, (paragraph 815-10-05-4
and Section 815-40-25). The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market
each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. The change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statements
of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked
to fair value at the date of conversion, exercise, or cancellation and then the related fair value is reclassified to equity. 

In
circumstances where the embedded conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated, and there are also other
embedded derivative instruments in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments
are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument. 

The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is reassessed
at the end of each reporting period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification
are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will
be classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument
is expected within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

The
Company adopted Section 815-40-15 of the FASB ASC Section 815-40-15 to determine whether an instrument (or an
embedded feature) is indexed to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two- step approach
to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the
instrument s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. 

We
utilize a binomial option pricing model to compute the fair value of the derivative liability and to mark to market the fair value of
the derivative at each balance sheet date. We record the change in the fair value of the derivative as other income or expense in the
consolidated statements of operations. 

Related
Parties 

The
Company follows subtopic ASC 850-10 for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20, the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company Affiliate means, with respect to any
specified person, any other person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is
under common control with such person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities
for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value
Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit
of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners
of the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from
fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other
to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

18 

Contract
Liabilities 

The
Company receives payments from customers based upon contractual billing schedules. Contract liabilities include payments received in
advance of performance under the contract. Contract assets include amounts related to the Company s contractual right to consideration
for completed performance obligations not yet invoiced. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported on an individual contract basis
at the end of each reporting period. Contract liabilities are classified as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when we expect
to recognize revenue. The Company expects to recognize all outstanding contract liabilities over the next 12 months. 

Contract
Combination 

The
Company may execute more than one contract or agreement with a single customer. The Company evaluates whether the agreements were negotiated
as a package with a single objective, whether the amount of consideration to be paid in one agreement depends on the price and/or performance
of another agreement, or whether the goods or services promised in the agreements represent a single performance obligation. The conclusions
reached can impact the allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation and the timing of revenue recognition related
to those arrangements. The Company applied the revenue model to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics where we expected
that the financial statements would not differ materially from applying it to the individual contracts within that portfolio. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenue
is recognized under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers using the modified retrospective method. Under
this method, the Company follows the five-step model provided by ASC Topic 606 in order to recognize revenue in the following manner:
1) Identify the contract; 2) Identify the performance obligations of the contract; 3) Determine the transaction price of the contract;
4) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and 5) Recognize revenue. An entity recognizes revenue for the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. 

Often
contracts contain more than one performance obligation. Performance obligations are the unit of accounting for revenue recognition and
generally represent the distinct goods or services that are promised to the customer. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected
and subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. If we determine that we have not satisfied a performance obligation, we defer
recognition of the revenue until the performance obligation is satisfied. The agreements are generally non-cancellable or contain significant
penalties for early cancellation, although customers typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if we fail to perform
material obligations. However, if non-standard acceptance periods, non-standard performance criteria, or cancellation or right of refund
terms are required, revenue is recognized upon the satisfaction of such criteria. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation 
 ASC 718 which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It
defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation
cost for stock option plans, if any, in accordance with ASC 718. 

Stock-based
payments, excluding restricted stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of stock-based payment awards issued
to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the stock-based payment, which is the more readily determinable
value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the
termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative expenses,
depending on the nature of the services provided, in the consolidated statements of operations. Stock-based payments issued to placement
agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital. 

19 

The
Company recognizes all forms of stock-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair
value on the grant date, which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. 

Capital
Resources 

We
had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of July 31, 2024. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of July 31, 2024 or 2023. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We
do not hold any market risk sensitive instruments. We consider our interest rate risk exposure to be minimal as a result of fixing interest
rates on 100 of our debt. At July 31, 2024, there was no floating rate debt that would expose us to market fluctuations in interest
rates. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
financial statements and supplementary financial information required to be filed under this Item 8 are presented in Part IV, Item 15
of this Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, at the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation
Date ). In conducting its evaluation, management considered the material weaknesses described below in Management s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Based
on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the Evaluation Date we did not
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that were effective in providing reasonable assurances that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange act of 1934 was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
prescribed by SEC rules and regulations, and that such information was accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns
can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

20 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024.
Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of July 31, 2024, our internal controls
over financial reporting were not effective. 

In
making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Our management has concluded that, as of July 31, 2024, our internal control over financial
reporting is not effective based on these criteria. Material weaknesses noted by our management include: 

Lack
 of a functioning audit committee; 

Lack
 of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring
 of required internal controls and procedures; 

Inadequate
 segregation of duties consistent with control objectives and affecting the functions of authorization, recordkeeping, custody of
 assets, and reconciliation; 

Management
 dominated by a single individual/small group without adequate compensating controls. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules
of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,
during our most recently completed fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

21 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following table sets forth information concerning our officers and directors as of the dates indicated. The directors of the Company
serve until their successors are elected and shall qualify. Executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the
discretion of the directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Scott
 M. Boruff 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Timothy R. Brady 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dustin
 M. Hillis 
 
 42 
 
 Chief
 Strategy Officer 
 
 Kenneth
 M. Greenwood 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer 
 
 Susan
 A. Reyes 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer 
 
 G.
 Shayne Bench 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Ryan
 E. Holland 
 
 35 
 
 Director 
 
 Micheal
 J. Burt 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. 

Scott
M. Boruff, Chief Executive Officer, Director, Age 61 

Mr.
Boruff has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director since March 13, 2018. Since May 1, 2021, he has served in that capacity
as an outsourced, contracted Chief Executive Officer and Director. He has been the sole officer and director of IndeLiving Holdings,
Inc. since the company s formation in 2016. He has also served as the Manager of Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC Platinum
Equity since its formation in 2016. In addition to providing consulting and advisory services, Platinum Equity has interests
in a real estate brokerage firm and a luxury real estate auction firm. Mr. Boruff is a proven executive with a diverse business background
in investment banking and real estate development. He currently serves as Manager of Own Shares, LLC, a privately held holding company
with interests in various entertainment ventures, and Managing Member of Stonewalk Companies, privately held real estate development
company. As a professional in investment banking, he specialized in consulting services and strategic planning with an emphasis on companies
in the oil and gas field. Mr. Boruff served as a member of the Board of Directors of Miller Energy Resources, Inc., a publicly traded
company, from August 2008 until March 2016, serving as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors from September 2014 until March 2016
and Chief Executive Officer from August 2008 to September 2014. In October 2015, when it was being led by a successor management team,
Miller Energy Resources, Inc. filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under chapter 11 of title 11 of the U.S. Code in a pre-packaged
bankruptcy. It remained a debtor in possession and emerged from bankruptcy in March 2016. Mr. Boruff was a director and 49 owner of
Dimirak Securities Corporation, a broker-dealer and member of FINRA, from April 2009 until July 2012. In July 2012, Mr. Boruff sold his
interest in Dimirak. He has more than 30 years of experience in developing commercial real estate projects and from 2006 to 2007 Mr.
Boruff successfully led transactions averaging 150 to 200 million in size while serving as a director of Cresta Capital Strategies,
LLC. Mr. Boruff received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from East Tennessee State University. 

Timothy R. Brady, Chief Financial
Officer, Age 62 

Timothy Brady has served as our Chief Financial Officer CFO since October 1, 2024. He is serving in that capacity as an outsourced, fractional CFO. Mr. Brady currently serves the Company, and other
companies, on a fractional CFO basis with a focus on several industries, including oil and gas, financial services, hospitality, retail
and manufacturing. Mr. Brady previously served as CFO and Treasurer of Northern Industrial Sands, LLC, a privately held supplier of northern
white frac sand, from July 2016 to August 2020. In addition, he previously served as CFO and Treasurer of Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc.,
a publicly traded midstream energy company, from September 2011 to April 2016. Mr. Brady was instrumental in uplisting the Company from
the OTC Pink Sheets to the NYSE. Before joining Dakota Plains, Mr. Brady served as one of three founders and CFO of Encore Energy, a privately
held independent operator of oil and natural gas properties, from May 2011 through September 2011. Prior to that position, Mr. Brady served
as the CFO from April 2010 through May 2011 of Allied Energy, a publicly traded oil and natural gas company, and served on its board of
directors, where Mr. Brady was able to upgrade the firm to the highest grading level on the OTC Market tier. Prior to that position, Mr.
Brady was an independent consultant for eight years. Mr. Brady has over 35 years of financial experience within the energy, financial
services, and manufacturing industry. Mr. Brady has experience with SEC reporting, balance sheet management, investor relations,
treasury, mergers and acquisitions, audit, internal controls implementation, and compliance. Mr. Brady holds a Bachelor of Science degree
in Finance from Indiana University and an MBA from Loyola University of Chicago. 

Dustin
M. Hillis, Chief Strategy Officer, Age 42 

Dustin
M. Hillis has served as our Chief Strategy Officer since June 15, 2024. Mr. Hillis brings a wealth of experience and a proven history
of success to the Company. Prior to joining our executive team, Mr. Hillis has most recently served a four year tenure as the CEO of
a global conglomerate, managing and expanding 20 diverse international businesses with a workforce of over 2,000 individuals worldwide.
His career spanned two decades within the family of companies. Mr. Hillis multifaceted expertise in leadership, strategic growth,
and operational excellence has been recognized through numerous accolades, including being named a Top 10 CEO by Industry
Era and one of the Top 50 Consulting CEOs by the Consulting Report. In addition to his corporate accomplishments, Mr. Hillis
is an Amazon Best Selling Author, an international real estate investor, as well as a sought-after keynote speaker who
has delivered addresses across the globe. His broad influence and insights across various industries have been pivotal to his career
success. Mr. Hillis currently resides in Ashland City, Tennessee. 

22 

Kenneth
M. Greenwood, Chief Technology Officer, Age 66 

Kenneth
M. Greenwood has served as our Chief Technology Officer since June 15, 2020. Mr. Greenwood has over 30 years of experience with large-scale
systems programming and implementations to our executive management team. He has provided instruction and consulting, primarily for SAP
products, in the areas of architecture, design and implementation of ABAP, big-data warehousing, business intelligence analytics, object-orientation,
cloud and systems integration, interfaces, HANA in-memory databases, data security, workflow, and archiving to a variety of companies
including Intel, World Bank, HP, Amtrak, IBM, Accenture, Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Nike and Kimberly-Clark. While at Random House implementing
a Rights Management module following two previous failed attempts by other contractors, Mr. Greenwood led the 30-developer team to design,
code and implement rights management for Random House in an SAP system using a novel approach of OO design, which became the world s
largest SAP module at that time. Mr. Greenwood authored the best-selling Sams Teach Yourself ABAP in 21 Days , published by Macmillan. 

Susan
A. Reyes, M.D., Chief Medical Officer, Age 61 

Susan
A. Reyes, M.D. has served as our Chief Medical Officer since September 1, 2020. Dr. Reyes brings experience as a practicing Internal
Medicine physician in the home care environment. She earned her Doctor of Medicine degree in just six years and was board certified in
Internal Medicine in 1994. Since then, Dr. Reyes has enjoyed expanding her skill set by collaborating with several ground-breaking companies.
In 1997, she worked for Hospital Inpatient Management Systems, which was the first hospitalist group that transformed the efficiencies
of length of stay of patients in the hospital and in skilled nursing facility settings. In 2000, she was the lead physician
for MD to You in Tampa, Florida - the first organization that developed house calls for homebound geriatric patients. In 2009, Dr. Reyes
became the first physician to bring house call services to Knoxville, Tennessee and has grown her company to be the largest mobile medical
primary care practice covering East Tennessee. She has been an advisor and served as Medical Director to several home health and hospice
agencies and assisted living facilities in each community where she has resided. 

G.
Shayne Bench, Director, Age 51 

G.
 S hayne Bench has served as a Director since September 8, 2022 and is co-founder and Chief Financial Officer of Trillium Healthcare
Consulting. Mr. Bench began his professional career in 1994 with Beverly Enterprises where he held various leadership roles, including
Vice President of Finance for all 53 Skilled Nursing Facilities in the state of Florida. In 2001, Mr. Bench joined an executive team
to start up Genoa Healthcare Group. As Senior Vice President and Treasurer, he successfully managed the cash flow while the organization
grew to 135 Skilled Nursing Facilities in 17 states with nearly one billion dollars in revenue. He managed all aspects of strategic capitalization,
established creditor and banking relationships, and managed financial reporting to investors. Mr. Bench is originally from Louisiana
and received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a major in accounting from Northeastern State University. He currently
resides in Sarasota, Florida where he enjoys golfing, boating, and Saints football. 

Ryan
E. Holland, Age 35 

Ryan
E. Holland has served as a Director since May 1, 2024. Mr. Holland is a business development professional with over 10 years of experience
scaling startups and driving small businesses into the midmarket through vertical integration, government contracting and strategic acquisitions.
He is an Investment Advisor Representative holding a Series 65 license, Investment Advisor Representative and acts as a fiduciary advising
alternative investment managers and emerging company employee benefits plans. Over the last 4 years, he has served as the Managing Director
and head of M A at a bespoke healthcare and post-commercial life sciences investment fund, which has grown a small 2 million debt
investment into a portfolio of companies that has over 35 million in annual profits while sticking to one investment thesis. Mr. Holland
currently services on the Board of Directors of UrgentFlex Holdings, Southern Aeromedical Institute, and Brevard Regional Hyperbaric Center.
He currently resides in Central Florida. 

Micheal
J. Burt, Age 48 

Micheal
J. Burt has served as a Director since August 23, 2024. Micheal Coach Burt is recognized as the unparalleled authority
in awakening the Prey Drive within individuals and guiding them to unparalleled accomplishments. With a career spanning over three decades,
Coach Burt has solidified his reputation for transformative coaching excellence across a spectrum of industries. As the Founder of The
Greatness Factory in Nashville, Tennessee, Coach Burt has elevated his coaching philosophy to an art form. His approach goes beyond conventional
motivation, delving deep into the intricacies of activating the Prey Drive - an insatiable pursuit of excellence that propels individuals
to achieve their goals with unwavering determination. With a storied history of cultivating top performers, Coach Burt empowers individuals
to not only tap into their unique brilliance but also to translate it into thriving ventures. His methodologies offer a proven blueprint
for turning ideas into tangible success. Coach Burt is the author of Flip the Switch, which is a must-read for anyone looking
to take their personal and professional growth to the next level. Mr. Burt currently resides in Nashville, Tennessee. 

23 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of the Company s knowledge, none of the Company s directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years,
except as set forth below: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
 any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to (i) an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation,
 (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or
 permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order, or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Mr.
Boruff served as a member of the Board of Directors, as Chief Executive Officer, and as Executive Chairman of Miller Energy Resources,
Inc. during the two years preceding Miller Energy Resources, Inc. s filing of a bankruptcy petition in August 2015. 

Except
as set forth in the Company s discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ,
none of the Company s directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with the Company or any of the Company s
directors, executive officers, affiliates, or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Commission. 

24 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of
a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial
ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of
the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). 

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, were timely filed. 

Term
of Office 

The
Company s directors are elected by the Company s stockholders for one to three year terms until the next annual general meeting
of the Company s stockholders, or until removed by the stockholders in accordance with the Company s bylaws. The Company s
officers are appointed by the Board and hold office until removed by the Board. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company does not currently have a code of ethics, and because the Company has only limited business operations and only five officers
and four directors, the Company believes that a code of ethics would have limited utility. The Company intends to adopt such a code of
ethics as the Company s business operations expand and the Company has more employees. 

Board
Committees 

We
only have four board members and given our limited operations, we do not have separate or independent audit or compensation committees.
Our Board of Directors has determined that it does not have an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined
in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. In addition, we have not adopted any procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees
to our Board of Directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in the past two years for: 

our
 principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar capacity, 

our
 three most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal executive officer, who were serving as executive officers
 at July 31, 2024 and 2023 as that term is defined under Rule B-7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

25 

Summary
Compensation Table (in dollars) 

Name and Principal 
 Fiscal 

Stock 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 
 All Other 

Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 

Scott B. Boruff 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 102,000 
 102,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (1) 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 323,400 
 323,400 

Dustin M. Hillis 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 54,500 
 - 
 - 
 12,500 
 67,000 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer (2) 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Kenneth M. Greenwood 
 2024 
 102,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 102,000 
 
 Chief Technology Officer (3) 
 2023 
 102,800 
 - 
 145,917 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 248,717 

Susan A. Reyes MD 
 2024 
 24,000 
 - 
 6,706 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 30,706 
 
 Chief Medical Officer (4) 
 2023 
 52,000 
 - 
 80,478 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 132,478 

Charles
 B. Lobetti, III 

2024 

102,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

102,000 

Chief
 Financial Officer (5) 

2023 

104,000 

- 

15,620 

- 

- 

4,800 

124,420 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Boruff has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as a Director since March 13, 2018. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Hillis has served as our Chief Strategy Officer since June 15, 2024. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Greenwood has served as our Chief Technology Officer since June 15, 2020. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Reyes has served as our Chief Medical Officer since September 1, 2020 

(5) 
 Mr. Lobetti served as our Chief Financial Officer from October 8, 2019 until
 his resignation effective July 31, 2024. 

Director
Compensation 

Director
compensation is determined on a case by case basis. 

On
September 8, 2022, G. Shayne Bench was appointed to our board of directors for a term of one (1) year. As compensation for Mr. Bench s
service, he received a one (1) year restricted stock award of 846,093 shares of the Company s common stock. The restricted stock
award shall vest ratably, on a monthly basis, at the end of each month of completed service, and any vested shares shall be issued quarterly
in conjunction with the ending of the Company s normal quarterly reporting periods. Mr. Bench s appointment to our Board
of Directors was reaffirmed on September 8, 2023 and September 8, 2024. 

On
May 1, 2024, Ryan E. Holland was appointed to our board of directors for a term of three (3) years and shall continue until canceled
by the Company with 30 days written notice. As compensation for Mr. Hollands s service, he received a three (3) year restricted
stock award of 1,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The restricted stock award shall vest ratably over a three (3) year
period on the first, second and third anniversary of his appointment to the board of directors. 

On
August 23, 2024, Micheal J. Burt was appointed to our board of directors for a term of three (3) years and shall continue until canceled
by the Company. Either party has the right to cancel the remaining term of the appointment on each yearly anniversary date by providing
written notice to the other party at least 30 days prior to the anniversary date the cancelation is to become effective. As compensation
for Mr. Burt s service, he received a three (3) year restricted stock award of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
The restricted stock award shall vest 1,000,000 shares on August 25, 2024, 333,334 shares on August 25, 2025, 333,333 shares on August
25, 2026 and 333,333 shares on August 25, 2027. 

We
do not currently pay any cash fees to our directors, nor do we pay director s expenses to attend board meetings. 

26 

Executive
Compensation Agreements 

Scott
M. Boruff, CEO 

On
January 31, 2024, we entered into a Non-Employee Chief Executive Officer Engagement Agreement (the Contract CEO Agreement with Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC Platinum to provide the services of Scott M. Boruff as Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company for a term of three (3) years. Effective as of August 1, 2023, the Company shall pay
Platinum an annual base fee of 102,000. The initial base fee is intended to compensate Platinum for a time commitment of up to 1/3 of
the CEO s time, attention, skill and best efforts to the Company. At the discretion of the Board of Directors, the base fee may
be increased to a maximum annual amount of 306,000 to better reflect the value of any future increases in the CEO s time commitment
to the Company. In addition to the base fee, Platinum is entitled to a discretionary bonus fee, equity awards and other benefits as may
be awarded by our Board of Directors. During the term of the Contract CEO Agreement, Mr. Boruff is entitled to participate in any employee
benefit plans, programs or arrangements of the Company in effect during the engagement period which are generally available to other
senior executives of the Company. 

If
the Contract CEO Agreement is terminated by us without cause or by Platinum for good reason, we are obligated to pay Platinum severance
equal to three (3) months base fee and any other earned but unpaid compensation. In addition, if at any time during the term of the Contract
CEO Agreement Platinum is terminated by us without cause within two years after a Change in Control of our company, or in the 90 days
prior the Change in Control at the request of the acquiror, we are obligated to pay Platinum an amount equal to 2.99 times the annual
base fee. Change in Control is defined in the Contract CEO Agreement to mean the acquisition by any person of beneficial
ownership of our securities representing greater than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding voting securities. 

Dustin
M. Hillis, CSO 

Effective
June 15, 2024, we entered into a Non-Employee Chief Strategy Officer Engagement Agreement (the Contract CSO Agreement with Dustin M. Hillis to provide the services of Chief Strategy Officer for a term of three (3) years. Under the terms of the Contract
CSO Agreement, the Company shall pay Mr. Hillis an annual base fee of 100,000. In addition to the base fee, Mr. Hillis is entitled to
a discretionary bonus fee, equity incentive awards and other benefits as may be awarded by our Board of Directors. Upon collection from
the customer, the Contract CSO Agreement provides for a new business sales commission equal to 15 of the gross amount of any new software
licensing fees and/or support and maintenance fees earned by the Company on sales occurring after the effective date, and shall also
be entitles to an 8 recurring business sales commission on any recurring software support and maintenance fees collected by the Company.
Upon execution of the Contract CSO Agreement, Mr. Hillis received a stock grant of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

If
the Contract CSO Agreement is terminated by us without cause, or by Mr. Hillis for good reason, we are obligated to pay Mr. Hillis a
severance equal to one (1) month base fee, any earned and unpaid new sales business commissions, and any recurring business sales commissions
with respect to customers of the Company as of the termination date and applicable to all products and services sold or provided to such
customers on or before the one year anniversary of the termination date. If Mr. Hillis terminates the Contract CSO Agreement without
good reason, he shall receive any unpaid portion of the base fee earned through the termination date and any new business sales commissions
earned through the termination date. If the Company terminates the Contract CSO Agreement for cause, Mr. Hillis shall receive any unpaid
portion or the base fee earned through the termination date. 

Kenneth
M. Greenwood, CTO 

On
January 31, 2024, in connection with the appointment of Kenneth M. Greenwood as Chief Technology Officer of the Company, the Company
and Mr. Greenwood entered into an employment agreement (the Greenwood Employment Agreement with an initial term of three
(3) years. Effective as of August 1, 2023, the Company shall pay Mr. Greenwood a base salary at the rate of 102,000 per annum. The initial
base salary is intended to compensate Mr. Greenwood for a devotion of up to forty percent (40 of his time, attention, skill and best
efforts to the Company. At the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer, the base salary may be increased to a maximum annual amount
of 255,000 to better reflect the value of any future increases in Mr. Greenwood s time commitment to the Company. Mr. Greenwood
is also entitled to paid vacation and sick leave, and participation in any employee benefit plans or programs we may offer. In addition,
Mr. Greenwood is eligible for equity awards and other benefits as approved by the Board of Directors. The initial term of the Employment
Agreement will automatically be renewed for an additional one-year term unless either party provides notice of non-renewal. 

27 

The
Employment Agreement terminates upon the death or disability of Mr. Greenwood, and may be terminated by us for cause, or by Mr. Greenwood
for any reason. If the Employment Agreement is terminated by us for cause, upon his death or disability, at non-renewal or by Mr. Greenwood,
he is only entitled to receive base salary accrued but not paid through the date of termination, and in the case of termination due to
death or disability, a pro rata payment of the annual incentive earned for the year of termination. If the Employment Agreement is terminated
by us without cause or by Mr. Greenwood for good reason, we are obligated to pay him severance equal to one year s base salary
and any unpaid incentive compensation. In addition, if at any time during the term of the Employment Agreement Mr. Greenwood s
employment is terminated by us without cause within two years after a Change in Control of our company, or in the 90 days prior the Change
in Control at the request of the acquiror, we are obligated to pay him an amount equal to 2.99 times his annualized compensation. Change
in Control is defined in the Employment Agreement to mean the acquisition by any person of beneficial ownership of our securities
representing greater than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding voting securities. The Employment Agreement contains
customary invention assignment, non-compete and non-solicitation provisions. 

Susan
A. Reyes, M.D., CMO 

On
January 31, 2024, in connection with the appointment of Susan A. Reyes, MD as Chief Medical Officer of the Company, the Company and Dr.
Reyes entered into an employment agreement (the Reyes Employment Agreement with an initial term of three (3) years. Effective
as of August 1, 2023, the Company shall pay Dr. Reyes a base salary at the rate of 24,000 per annum. The initial base salary is intended
to compensate Dr. Reyes for a fractional devotion of her time, attention, skill and best efforts to the Company. At the discretion of
the Chief Executive Officer, the base salary may be increased to a maximum annual amount of 92,000 to better reflect the value of any
future increases in Dr. Reyes time commitment to the Company. Dr. Reyes is also entitled to paid vacation and sick leave, and
participation in any employee benefit plans or programs we may offer. In addition, Dr. Reyes is eligible for equity awards and other
benefits as approved by the Board of Directors. The initial term of the Employment Agreement will automatically be renewed for an additional
one-year term unless either party provides notice of non-renewal. 

The
Employment Agreement terminates upon the death or disability of Dr. Reyes, and may be terminated by us for cause, or by Dr. Reyes for
any reason. If the Employment Agreement is terminated by us for cause, upon her death or disability, at non-renewal or by Dr. Reyes,
she is only entitled to receive base salary accrued but not paid through the date of termination, and in the case of termination due
to death or disability, a pro rata payment of the annual incentive earned for the year of termination. If the Employment Agreement is
terminated by us without cause or by Dr. Reyes for good reason, we are obligated to pay her severance equal to one year s base
salary and any unpaid incentive compensation. In addition, if at any time during the term of the Employment Agreement Dr. Reyes 
employment is terminated by us without cause within two years after a Change in Control of our company, or in the 90 days prior the Change
in Control at the request of the acquiror, we are obligated to pay her an amount equal to 2.99 times her annualized compensation. Change
in Control is defined in the Employment Agreement to mean the acquisition by any person of beneficial ownership of our securities
representing greater than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding voting securities. The Employment Agreement contains
customary invention assignment, non-compete and non-solicitation provisions. 

28 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of October 27, 2024 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being
our only voting securities) beneficially owned by each officer, director, each person (including any group as that term
is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5 or more of our Common Stock, and all officers and directors as
a group. 

Title of Class 
 Name, Title and Address of Beneficial Owner of Shares 
 Amount of Beneficial Ownership (11) 
 Percent of Class (12) 
 
 Common 
 Scott M. Boruff, CEO, Director (1) 1462 Rudder Lane Knoxville, TN 37919 
 23,367,697 
 22.86 

Common 
 Dustin M. Hillis, CSO (2) 4978 Toney Carroll Rd Ashland City, TN 37015 
 4,020,000 
 3.82 

Common 
 Kenneth M. Greenwood, CTO (3) 404 Citrus Ridge Drive Davenport, FL 33837 
 8,146,781 
 7.82 

Common 
 Susan A. Reyes, MD, CMO (4) 9901 Sierra Vista Lane Knoxville, TN 37922 
 2,775,026 
 2.69 

Common 
 G. Shayne Bench, Director (5) 309 Ringling Point Dr Sarasota, FL 32114 
 2,346,093 
 2.30 

Common 
 Ryan E. Holland, Director (6) 457 S Ridgewood Ave, Suite D Daytona Beach, FL 32114 
 207,991 
 0.20 

Common 
 Micheal J. Burt, Director 1847 Sanctuary Place Murfreesboro, TN 37128 
 1,000,000 
 0.98 

All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 41,863,588 
 38.68 

Principal Shareholders: 

Common 
 Julie Boruff (7) 1462 Rudder Lane Knoxville, TN 37919 
 23,367,697 
 22.86 

Common 
 Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC (8) 1462 Rudder Lane Knoxville, TN 37919 
 23,367,697 
 22.86 

Common 
 Jeremy Gindro (9) 310 Tanner Avenue Florence, CO 81226 
 7,770,000 
 7.60 

All Principal Shareholders as a Group (10) 
 7,770,000 
 7.60 

29 

1) 
 The
 common shares owned by Mr. Boruff include 23,367,697 shares beneficially owned by Julie Boruff, who is the spouse of Mr. Boruff. 

2) 
 Dustin M. Hillis directly owned 1,000,000 common shares at July 31, 2024. Mr. Hillis beneficial ownership
is derived from common shares directly owned by All Things New Ventures, LLC an entity controlled by Mr. Hillis. 

3) 
 
 Mr.
 Greenwood directly owned 6,146,781 and 5,002,751 common shares at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Including stock options awarded
 under a prior employment agreement, the shares beneficially owned at July 31, 2024 include options to purchase 2,000,000 shares of
 our common stock which are vested and exercisable at 0.30 per share and expire in 2025. 

4) 
 Susan
 Reyes, MD directly owned 1,775,026 and 1,516,666 common shares at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Including stock options awarded
 under a prior employment agreement, the shares beneficially owned at July 31, 2024 include options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of
 our common stock which are vested and exercisable at 0.40 per share and expire in 2025. 

5) 
 G.
 Shayne Bench beneficially owned 2,346,093 and 2,064,062 common shares at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Mr. Bench s
 beneficial ownership is derived from common shares directly owned by Bucuti Investments, LLC - an entity controlled by Mr. Bench. 

6) 
 Ryan
 E. Holland beneficially owned 207,991 common shares at July 31, 2024. Mr. Holland s beneficial ownership is derived from common
 shares directly owned by the Holland Allocators Spendthrift Trust - and entity controlled by Mr. Hollard. 

7) 
 Includes
 shares owned by Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC, which is owned 100 and controlled by Julie Boruff. 

8) 
 Owned
 100 and controlled by Julie Boruff. 

9) 
 The
 total includes 100,000 shares owned by James Gindro, the father of Jeremy Gindro. 

10) 
 Only
 includes those shares not included in officers and directors as a group. 

11) 
 As
 used in this table, beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security,
 or the sole or share investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of
 a security). The inclusion of any shares as deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership by
 the named stockholder. 

12) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, we have been advised that all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the
 number of shares set forth opposite their names. For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned
 by a security holder, any shares which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of October 27, 2024 are deemed to be outstanding,
 but those shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other security holder.
 We currently do not maintain any equity compensation plans. As of October 27, 2024, there were 108,224,936 shares beneficially owned. 

30 

Changes
in Control 

We
are not aware of any arrangements that may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item
403(c) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Other
than compensation arrangements, the following is a description of transactions to which we were a participant or will be a participant
to, in which: 

the
 amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 1 of our total assets or 120,000; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the
 foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

To
continue operations and meet operating cash requirements, we have periodically relied on advances from related parties, primarily shareholders,
until such time as our cash flow from operations meets our cash requirements or we are able to obtain adequate financing through sales
of our equity securities and/or traditional debt financing. There is no formal written commitment for continued support by shareholders.
Amounts advanced primarily relate to amounts paid to vendors. The advances are considered temporary in nature and have not been formalized
by any written agreement. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, related parties were owed 30,925 and 328,819, respectively. The amounts owed
are payable on demand and carry no interest. The amounts and terms of the related party advances may not necessarily be indicative of
the amounts and terms that would have been incurred had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties. 

On
January 31, 2024, we entered into a Non-Employee Chief Executive Officer Engagement Agreement (the Contract CEO Agreement with Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC, a related party, to provide the services of our CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Under
the terms of the Contract CEO Agreement, Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC was owed 151,386 and 225,000 at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

On
June 12, 2024, we issued a Promissory Note to Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC in the principal amount of 410,207. The note, plus accrued
interest, is due on December 12, 2024. At July 31, 2024, the principal amount of the note remained 410,207 and accrued but unpaid interest
was 5,583 . The amount and terms of the related party note may not necessarily be indicative of the amount and terms that would
have been incurred had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently have no independent directors. Because our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have
used the definition of independence of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2)
provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual
having a relationship that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in fulfilling the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent
if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the Company; 

31 

the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including,
 among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

a
 family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the Company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which the Company made, or from which the Company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 years, any of the executive officers of the Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

The
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the Company s audit. 

The
Company does not currently have a separately designated audit, nominating, or compensation committee. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the
principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in
the Company s quarterly reports or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

July 31, 2024 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 42,500 
 43,999 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 42,500 
 43,999 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Given
the small size of our Board as well as the limited activities of our Company, our Board of Directors acts as our Audit Committee. Our
Board pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax
services, and other services. Our Board approves these services on a case-by-case basis. 

32 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Acquisition Agreement between Tomichi Creek Outfitters and Grasshopper Staffing, Inc., dated March 2, 2015 (as filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 8-K dated March 5, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (as filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission of Form S-1 dated August 20, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed November 2, 2015 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K dated November 23, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws (as filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission of Form S-1 dated August 20, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Charles B. Lobetti, III (Former CFO), dated January 31, 2024 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q dated March 18, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Kenneth M. Greenwood, dated January 31, 2024 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q dated March 18, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Susan A. Reyes, M.D., dated January 31, 2024 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q dated March 18, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.4 
 
 Non-Employee Chief Executive Officer Engagement Agreement between the Company and Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC, dated January 31, 2024 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q dated March 18, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.5 
 
 Non-Employee Chief Strategy Officer Engagement Agreement between the Company and Dustin M. Hillis, dated June 15, 2024 

10.6 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and G. Shayne Bench, effective August 26, 2022 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K dated September 23, 2022 and incorporated here by reference) 

10.7 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Ryan E. Holland, individually, and Holland Allocators Investment Advisory, LLC, assigned to Holland Allocators Spendthrift Trust, TTEE, effective May 2, 2024 

10.8 
 
 Statement Of Work between the Company and Timothy R. Brady dated September 19, 2024 and beginning October 1, 2024 

31.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed Herewith 

Executive Compensation Agreement 

33 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Healthcare
 Integrated Technologies, Inc. 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 

By:
 
 /s/
 Scott M. Boruff 

Scott
 M. Boruff 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Healthcare
 Integrated Technologies, Inc. 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 

By:
 
 /s/
 Timothy R. Brady 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Scott M. Boruff 

Scott
 M. Boruff 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/ Timothy
 R. Brady 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

34 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Fiscal
 Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Healthcare
Integrated Technologies, Inc. 

 311 S. Weisgarber Road 

 Knoxville, TN 37919 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has a history of losses, an accumulated deficit, has negative working capital and
has not generated cash from operations to support a meaningful and ongoing business plan. Management s evaluation of the events
and conditions and management s plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 

Tennessee 

October
 29, 2024 

F- 2 

HEALTHCARE
INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

July 31, 2024 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Intangibles 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Payroll related liabilities 

Notes payable, related party 

Notes payable 

Notes payable 

Total current and total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Common stock par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HEALTHCARE
INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2024 
 2023 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 

REVENUE: 

Contract revenue 

- 
 
 Cost of contracts 

- 
 
 Gross profit 

- 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling, general administrative 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of intangibles 

Impairment of intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest expense 

Extinguishment of liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlements 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 - 

Total other income (expense) 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic and diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HEALTHCARE
INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2024 AND 2023 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balances at July 31, 2022 

Net loss 

Shares issued for cash 

Shares issued for payment of accrued expenses 

Shares issued for services 

Shares issued for conversion of debt and related accrued interest 

Shares issued for loan modification 

Stock-based compensation 

Balances at July 31, 2023 

Balance 

Net loss 

Shares issued for cash 

Shares issued for payment of accrued expenses 

Shares issued for services 

- 
 
 Shares issued for loan modification 

- 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Balances at July 31, 2024 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HEALTHCARE
INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2024 
 2023 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment of intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment of liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlements 

Shares issued for services 
 - 

Shares issued for note amendment fees 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Payroll related liabilities 

NET CASH USED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash paid for development of intangible assets 
 - 

NET CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 - 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from related party loans 

Payments of amounts owed to related parties 

Principal payments on short-term debt 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 

SIGNIFICANT NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINACING ACTIVITIES 

Shares issued for payment of payroll related liabilities 

Shares issued for payment of items included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Shares issued for payment of convertible debt 

Capital expenditures included in payroll related liabilities 

Capital expenditures from stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for payment of items included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

HEALTHCARE
INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 July
31, 2024 and 2023 

and did not include any reserve for uncollectible accounts. We had no accounts receivable
at July 31, 2023. We recorded bad debt expense, write-offs, or recoveries for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

. One (1) customer accounted for of our consolidated accounts receivable
at July 31, 2024 and of our consolidated revenue for the year ended July 31, 2024. 

Level
2 Inputs Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
or indirectly. These might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
(such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated
by market data by correlation or other means. 

Level
3 Inputs Unobservable inputs for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions
about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 

Financial
instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and borrowings. The fair value of current financial
assets and current financial liabilities approximates their carrying value because of the short-term maturity of these financial instruments. 

. 

-years for patents, -years for internally developed software and -years for website related cost. Intangible
assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment at least annually, and additionally whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that an asset may be impaired. The impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible
assets consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount. An impairment loss would be recognized
for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. The Company recognized a intangible asset impairment
charge during the year ended July 31, 2024. There were no intangible asset impairment charges recorded during the year ended July 31,
2023. See Note 3 - Intangibles, Net . 

Intangibles,
net was and for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The
Company adopted Section 815-40-15 of the FASB ASC Section 815-40-15 to determine whether an instrument (or an
embedded feature) is indexed to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step approach
to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the
instrument s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. 

We
utilize a binomial option pricing model to compute the fair value of the derivative liability and to mark to market the fair value of
the derivative liability at each balance sheet date. We record the change in the fair value of the derivative liability as other income
or expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

We
had derivative assets or liabilities at July 31, 2024 or 2023. 

contract liabilities at July 31, 2024 or 2023. 

Often
contracts contain more than one performance obligation. Performance obligations are the unit of accounting for revenue recognition and
generally represent the distinct goods or services that are promised to the customer. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected
and subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. If we determine that we have not satisfied a performance obligation, we defer
recognition of the revenue until the performance obligation is satisfied. The agreements are generally non-cancellable or contain significant
penalties for early cancellation, although customers typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if we fail to perform
material obligations. However, if non-standard acceptance periods, non-standard performance criteria, or cancellation or right of refund
terms are required, revenue is recognized upon the satisfaction of such criteria. 

and for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are included in selling, general
and administrative expenses on the consolidated financial statements. 

for its most recent fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. As of July
31, 2024, the Company has a significant working capital deficit. We have a history of losses, an accumulated deficit, have negative working
capital and have not generated cash from our operations to support a meaningful and ongoing business plan. It is management s opinion
that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

In
view of these matters, our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the continuing development, marketing and sales of
a viable product to achieve a level of profitability. We intend to finance our future development activities and our working capital
needs from the sale of private and public equity securities with additional funding from other traditional financing sources, including
term notes, until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. Although the Company
believes in the viability of management s strategy to generate sufficient revenue, control costs and the ability to raise additional
capital, there can be no assurances to that effect. Therefore, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary
should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

- 

Patents 

Website 

- 
 - 
 
 Total intangibles 

As of July 31, 2023 

Accumulated 
 Reserve for 

Cost 
 Amortization 
 Impairment 
 Net 

Software 
 
 - 
 - 

Patents 

- 

Website 

- 
 - 
 
 Total intangibles 

- 

Impairment 

During
the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company reassessed the existence of impairment indicators on its internally developed
definite-lived intangible assets. The Company determined that indicators of impairment existed and, as a result, a quantitative
impairment analysis was required. Management elected to abandon certain patent applications during the year. In addition, Management
analyzed certain patents that were in an office action status at year end for feasibility and probability of the success of
continuing the office action process. Based on the patent abandonments and the results of the analysis, Management concluded that
the carrying amount of the patents exceeding their fair value, which resulted in an impairment charge of 
being recognized for the year ended July 31, 2024. The impairment charge of includes for the abandonment of certain patent applications, and 
for the establishment of an impairment reserve against our remaining patent applications that are currently in process. 

Amortization
expense for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Intangibles
are amortized over their estimated useful lives of to years. As of July 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining useful life of
intangibles being amortized was approximately six years. We expect the remaining aggregate amortization expense for each of the five
succeeding fiscal years to be as follows: 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total expected amortization expense 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest expense 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses, related party 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Payroll taxes payable 

Total payroll related liabilities 

. The Platinum Note is unsecured and bears interest at per annum. The principal amount of the note plus
accrued interest of is due in a single lump sum payment on . We incurred no issuance cost on the transaction
and the proceeds were used to refinance an existing promissory note issued to Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC on December 12, 2023. At
July 31, 2024, the principal balance of the Platinum Note remained and accrued but unpaid interest on such date was .
At July 31, 2023, the principal balance of the Platinum Note was and accrued but unpaid interest on such date was . The
accrued interest is included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party on our consolidated balance sheets. The amounts
and terms of the related party transactions may not necessarily be indicative of the amounts and terms that would have been incurred
had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties. 

Note payable to Acorn Management Partners, LLC 

Notes payable 

5 
Convertible Promissory Notes 

On
various dates during the month of March 2018, we issued a series of 5 Convertible Promissory Notes (collectively, the 5 Notes totaling in net proceeds. We incurred no costs related to the issuance of the 5 Notes. The 5 Notes bear interest at the rate
of five percent per annum, compounded annually and matured one-year from the date of issuance. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, accrued
but unpaid interest on the 5 Notes was and , respectively, which is included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
on our consolidated balance sheets. 

The principal terms under which the 5 Notes may be converted into common stock of the Company are as follows: 

At
 the option of the holder, the outstanding principal amount of the note, and any accrued but unpaid interest due, may be converted
 into the Company s common stock at any time prior to the maturity date of the note. 

There
were no Notes converted into shares of our common stock during the year ended July 31, 2024. Notes with a face amount of 
 and related accrued interest of were converted into shares of our common stock during the year ended July 31, 2023. At July 31,
2024, Notes with a face amount of and related accrued interest expense of are currently in default and are not convertible
under the conversion terms. Management is currently attempting to negotiate amendments to the notes in default to extend the maturity
dates of such notes and to encourage note conversions. 

Note
Payable to Acorn Management Partners, LLC 

On
August 11, 2020 we agreed to repurchase shares of our common stock from Acorn Management Partners, LLC AMP ).
As consideration for the share repurchase, we issued a promissory note bearing interest a per annum and due one -year from
the date of issuance (the Acorn Note ). In the event we default under the terms of the Acorn Note, we are required to deliver
 shares of our common stock back to AMP in full satisfaction of the obligation. AMP delivered the purchased shares directly
to the transfer agent on September 8, 2020 and immediately cancelled. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, accrued but unpaid interest on the Acorn
Note was and , respectively, which is included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses on our consolidated
balance sheets. At July 31, 2024, the note and related accrued interest expense is in default. Management is currently attempting to
negotiate a settlement of the note, or an amendment to the note to extend the maturity date. 

as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Stock-based compensation 

Derivatives 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Other 

Income tax benefit, as reported 
 - 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset, as reported 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the realizable value of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which these temporary differences become tax deductible. Based on management s assessment
of objective and subjective evidence, we have concluded at this time it is more likely than not that all of our deferred tax asset will
not be realized and we have provided a valuation allowance for the entire amount of the deferred tax asset. At July 31, 2024, we have
approximately million in federal and state net operating loss carryovers that begin . 

We
conduct business solely in the United States and file income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction as well as in the
states of Tennessee and Colorado. The taxable years ended July 31, 2024 through 2018 remain open to examination by the taxing jurisdictions
to which we are subject. 

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions
that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as unrecognized benefits. A
liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit
because it represents an enterprise s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized
as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740. 

If
applicable, interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as Other expenses
 Interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of General
and administrative. 

material interest or penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023,
 liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized
tax benefits in the next year. 

of compensation expense related to stock options and warrants. During the year ended
July 31, 2023, we recorded of compensation expense, net of capitalized expense of , related to stock options and warrants.
The grant date fair value of stock options and warrants during the year ended July 31, 2024 was . We granted stock options
or warrants during the year ended July 31, 2023. 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Canceled 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 

Balance at end of period 

Options and warrants exercisable 

Summary
of Restricted Stock Grants 

During
the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded compensation expense related to restricted stock grants of and , respectively. 

Granted 

Released 

Balance at end of period 

The
grant date fair value of restricted stock awards during the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

and 
shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. During the year ended July 31, 2024, we issued unregistered shares of
our common stock, of which 
shares were issued for cash, 
shares were issued for the payment of accrued expenses, 
were issued for compensation, 
shares were issued for services, and 
shares were issued for a loan modification fee. During the year ended July 31, 2023, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock, of which 
were issued for the payment of accrued expenses, 
shares were issued for cash, 
shares were issued for payment of note extension fees, 
shares were issued for compensation, 
shares were issued for services, and 
shares were issued for the conversion of debt and related accrued interest. 

On
August 1, 2023, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a member of our Board of Directors as compensation for serving on the Board and for
providing certain other business advisory services. The shares were issued upon the vesting of shares from a restricted stock award
dated August 26, 2022 at an estimated grant date fair value of per
share on such date. 

On
October 19, 2023, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a consultant pursuant to the terms of a consulting agreement. The shares were issued upon the vesting of shares from a restricted stock award dated October 19, 2022 at an estimated grant date fair value
of per share on such date. 

On
October 19, 2023, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a consultant pursuant to the terms of a consulting agreement. The shares were issued upon
the vesting of shares from a restricted stock award dated October 19, 2022 at an estimated grant date fair value of 
per share on such date. 

On
November 1, 2023, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a member of our Board of Directors as compensation for serving on the Board and for
providing certain other business advisory services. The shares were issued upon the vesting of shares from a restricted stock award
dated August 26, 2022 at an estimated grant date fair value of 
per share on such date. 

On
November 1, 2023, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a consultant pursuant to the terms of a consulting agreement. The shares were issued upon
the vesting of shares from a restricted stock award dated September 1, 2023 at an estimated grant date fair value of 
per share on such date. 

On
December 8, 2023, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a previous lender pursuant to a make whole provision included as part of a loan
modification fee. The shares were issued at an estimated value of 
per share. 

On
January 31, 2024, we completed a private placement of 
unregistered shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of .
We incurred no cost related to the private placement. 

On
February 9, 2024, we completed a private placement of 
unregistered shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of .
We incurred no cost related to the private placement. 

On
March 7, 2024, we completed a private placement of 
unregistered shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of .
We incurred no cost related to the private placement. 

On
March 22, 2024, we completed a private placement of 
unregistered shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of .
We incurred no cost related to the private placement. 

On
April 16, 2024, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a previous lender pursuant to a make whole provision included as part of a loan
modification fee. The shares were issued at an estimated value of 
per share. 

On
May 2, 2024, we completed a private placement of 
unregistered shares of our common stock at a price of per
share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of .
We incurred no cost related to the private placement. 

On
June 15, 2024, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock to a newly appointed officer of the Company pursuant to a Non-Employee Chief Strategy
Officer Engagement Agreement entered into on the same date. The shares were issued to the officer at an estimated grant date fair
value of 
per share. 

On
July 15, 2024, we completed a private placement of 
unregistered shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share resulting in net proceeds to the Company of .
We incurred no cost related to the private placement. 

On
July 31, 2024, we issued 
unregistered shares of our common stock for payment of accrued compensation due to officers of the company pursuant to their
employment agreements. The shares were issued at an agreed upon value of approximately 
per share. 

and ,
respectively, which are included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party on the consolidated balance sheets (See Note
5 - Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses , Related Party ). The amounts owed are payable on demand and carry no interest. The
amounts and terms of the related party loans may not necessarily be indicative of the amounts and terms that would have been incurred
had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties. 

For
compensation after August 1, 2023, we entered into a Non-Employee Chief Executive Officer Engagement Agreement (the Contract CEO
Agreement with Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC Platinum Equity ), a related party, to provide the services of our
CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC is a related party, is our largest shareholder, and is owned 
 by the spouse of our CEO and Charman of our Board of Directors. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, we owed Platinum Equity and
 , respectively, for amounts related to the Contract CEO Agreement. The amount owed is included in Accounts payable and accrued
expenses, related party on the interim consolidated balance sheets (See Note 5 - Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses, Related Party ). 

On
June 12, 2024, we issued a Promissory Note to Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC in the principal amount of 
 (See Note 7 Notes Payable, Related
Party ). The note, plus accrued interest, is due on . At July 31, 2024, accrued but unpaid
interest on the note was 
 (See Note 5 Accounts Payable and Accrued
Expenses , Related Party ). The amount and terms of the related party loan may not necessarily be indicative of the amount and
terms that would have been incurred had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties. 

in principal and interest to the Lender when due.
The lawsuit also named Scott M. Boruff, the CEO and Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, and Platinum Equity Advisors,
LLC, the Company s largest principal shareholder that is controlled by Julie Boruff, spouse of Scott M. Boruff, as defendants for
their alleged guaranty of the BERI loan. 

On
April 18, 2024, the Lender filed a motion seeking partial summary judgment on its First Cause of Action against BERI and its Second Cause
of Action against Scott M. Boruff in the amount of , plus their actual and reasonable attorneys fees. Neither the Company
nor its subsidiaries were included in the motion seeking partial summary judgment. 

In
the event the Lender attempts to enforce the alleged guarantees against our subsidiaries, we believe we have valid defenses against such
an action. In addition, both subsidiaries previously discontinued their operations and currently have no assets. In the judgement of
the Company s management, if the pending actions were adversely determined they would not have a material adverse effect on the
Company. 

Employment
and Consulting Agreements 

On
January 31, 2024, . The initial base fee is intended to compensate Platinum for a time commitment of up to 1/3 of
the CEO s time, attention, skill and best efforts to the Company. At the discretion of the Board of Directors, the base fee may
be increased to a maximum annual amount of to better reflect the value of any future increases in the CEO s time commitment
to the Company. If the Contract CEO Agreement is terminated by us without cause or by Platinum for good reason, we are obligated to pay
Platinum severance equal to three (3) months base fee and any other earned but unpaid compensation. In addition, if at any time during
the term of the Contract CEO Agreement Platinum is terminated by us without cause within two years after a Change in Control of our company,
or in the 90 days prior the Change in Control at the request of the acquiror, we are obligated to pay Platinum an amount equal to 2.99
times the annual base fee. Change in Control is defined in the Contract CEO Agreement to mean the acquisition by any person
of beneficial ownership of our securities representing greater than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding voting securities.
Platinum is eligible for equity awards and other benefits as approved by the Board of Directors. 

On
January 31, 2024, per annum. The initial
base salary is intended to compensate Mr. Greenwood for a devotion of up to forty percent (40 of his time, attention, skill and best
efforts to the Company. At the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer, the base salary may be increased to a maximum annual amount
of to better reflect the value of any future increases in Mr. Greenwood s time commitment to the Company. In the event
Mr. Greenwood s employment with the Company is terminated without cause, Mr. Greenwood shall be entitled to a severance payment
equal to his currently in effect base salary for one (1) full year. If Mr. Greenwood is terminated without cause within two (2) years
of a change in control upon request of the acquiror, Mr. Greenwood shall be entitled to a severance payment in an amount equal to 2.99
times the annualized base salary he is then earning. In addition, Mr. Greenwood is eligible for equity awards and other benefits as approved
by the Board of Directors. 

On
January 31, 2024, per annum. The initial base salary is intended
to compensate Dr. Reyes for a fractional devotion of her time, attention, skill and best efforts to the Company. At the discretion of
the Chief Executive Officer, the base salary may be increased to a maximum annual amount of to better reflect the value of any
future increases in Dr. Reyes time commitment to the Company. In the event Dr. Reyes employment with the Company is terminated
without cause, Dr. Reyes shall be entitled to a severance payment equal to her currently in effect base salary for one (1) full year.
If Dr. Reyes is terminated without cause within two (2) years of a change in control upon request of the acquiror, Dr. Reyes shall be
entitled to a severance payment in an amount equal to 2.99 times the annualized base salary she is then earning. In addition, Dr. Reyes
is eligible for equity awards and other benefits as approved by the Board of Directors. 

On
June 15, 2024, , to be paid in equal monthly payments, and receive a grant of shares of the Company s
common stock as a signing bonus. In addition to the base fee and stock grant, Mr. Hillis will be paid a commission on certain new and
recurring business sales. Mr. Hillis is also eligible for discretionary bonuses, equity awards and other benefits as approved by the
Board of Directors. If the Contract CSO Agreement is terminated by us without cause, or by Mr. Hillis for good reason, we are obligated
to pay Mr. Hillis a severance equal to one month of base fee and any other earned but unpaid compensation due to him under the Contract
CSO Agreement. 

unregistered shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share. The share issuances resulted in net proceeds to the Company of .
We incurred no cost related to the private placements and intend to use to proceeds for working capital. 

On
August 23, 2024, Micheal J. Burt was appointed to our board of directors for a term of three years and shall continue until canceled
by the Company. Either party has the right to cancel the remaining term of the appointment on each yearly anniversary date by providing
written notice to the other party at least 30 days prior to the anniversary date the cancelation is to become effective. As compensation
for Mr. Burt s service, he received a three year restricted stock award of shares of the Company s common stock.
The restricted stock award shall vest shares on August 25, 2024, shares on August 25, 2025, shares on August
25, 2026 and shares on August 25, 2027. 

We
evaluate subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for the period presented and up to the issuance date
of the financial statements. Based on our review, we did not identify any subsequent events other than those listed above that would
require adjustment to or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 20 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 ex10-5.htm

Exhibit
10.5 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit
10.7 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 ex10-8.htm

Exhibit
10.8 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Scott M. Boruff, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Healthcare Integrated Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Scott M. Boruff 

Scott
 M. Boruff 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Charles B. Lobetti, III, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Healthcare Integrated Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/ Timothy R. Brady 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Healthcare Integrated Technologies, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the years
ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
Scott M. Boruff, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Scott M. Boruff 

Scott
 M. Boruff 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Healthcare Integrated Technologies, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the years
ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
Charles B. Lobetti, III, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 October 29, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Timothy R. Brady 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 28
 hitc-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 30
 hitc-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 31
 hitc-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 32
 hitc-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

