<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241028_10-K_edgar_data_1144215_0001144215-24-000085.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15077596</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>346101</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2621872</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5760259</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3244326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2773448</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144215-24-000085.hdr.sgml : 20241028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241028160601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144215-24-000085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACUITY BRANDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001144215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				582632672
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16583
		FILM NUMBER:		241400903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1170 PEACHTREE STREET NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-853-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1170 PEACHTREE STREET NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	L&C SPINCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010629

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144215-24-000085.txt : 20241028

10-K
 1
 ayi-20240831.htm
 10-K

ayi-20240831 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 Form 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 . 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to . 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Based on the closing price of the Registrant s common stock of 251.24 as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange on February 29, 2024, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value, was shares as of October 23, 2024. 
 __________________________________________________________ 

ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 6 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 16 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity. 
 16 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 17 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 18 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 18 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 19 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 20 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 21 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 29 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 30 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 76 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 76 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 76 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 76 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 77 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 77 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 77 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 77 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 77 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 78 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 86 
 Signatures 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Acuity Brands, Inc. (referred to herein as we, our, us, the Company, or similar references) is a market-leading industrial technology company. We use technology to solve problems in spaces and light. Through our two business segments, Acuity Brands Lighting and Lighting Controls ABL and the Intelligent Spaces Group ISG ), we design, manufacture, and bring to market products and services that make a valuable difference in people's lives. We achieve growth through the development of innovative new products and services, including lighting, lighting controls, building management solutions, and location-aware applications. 
 ABL Segment 
 Our ABL strategy is to increase product vitality, elevate service levels, use technology to improve and differentiate both our products and how we operate the business, and drive productivity. ABL's portfolio of lighting solutions includes commercial, architectural, and specialty lighting in addition to lighting controls and components that can be combined to create integrated lighting controls systems. We offer devices such as luminaires that predominantly utilize light emitting diode LED technology designed to optimize energy efficiency and comfort for various indoor and outdoor applications. ABL's portfolio of products includes but is not limited to the following brands: A-Light TM , Aculux TM , American Electric Lighting , Cyclone TM , Dark to Light , eldoLED , Eureka , Gotham , Healthcare Lighting , Holophane , Hydrel , IOTA , Juno , Lithonia Lighting , Luminaire LED TM , Luminis , Mark Architectural Lighting TM , nLight , OPTOTRONIC , Peerless , RELOC Wiring Solutions, and SensorSwitch TM . 
 Principal customers of ABL include electrical distributors, retail home improvement centers, electric utilities, corporate accounts, original equipment manufacturer OEM customers, digital retailers, lighting showrooms, and energy service companies. Our customers are located in North America and select international markets that serve new construction, renovation and retrofit, and maintenance and repair applications. ABL's lighting and lighting controls solutions are sold primarily through a network of independent sales agencies that cover specific geographic areas and market channels, by internal sales representatives, through consumer retail channels, directly to large corporate accounts, and directly to OEM customers. Products are delivered primarily through a network of distribution centers as well as directly from our manufacturing facilities using both common carriers and an internally-managed truck fleet. 
 ISG Segment 
 Our ISG strategy is to make spaces smarter, safer, and greener by connecting the edge to the cloud. ISG offers building management solutions and building management software. Our building management solutions include products for controlling heating, ventilation, air conditioning HVAC ), lighting, shades, refrigeration, and building access that deliver end-to-end optimization of those building systems. Our intelligent building management software enhances the occupant experience, improves building system management, and automates labor intensive tasks while delivering operational energy efficiency and cost reductions. Through a connected and converged building system architecture, our software delivers different applications, allows clients to upgrade over time with natural refresh cycles, and deploys new capabilities. Customers of ISG primarily include system integrators as well as retail stores, airports, and enterprise campuses throughout North America and select international locations. ISG products and solutions are marketed under multiple brand names, including but not limited to, Atrius and Distech Controls . 
 Marketing 
 We market our product portfolio and service capabilities to customers and end users in multiple channels through a broad spectrum of marketing and promotional methods, including direct customer contact, trade shows, on-site training, print and digital advertising in industry publications, product brochures, and other literature, as well as through digital marketing and social media. We operate training and education facilities in various locations in North America and Europe designed to enhance the lighting, lighting controls, and building management systems knowledge of customers and industry professionals. 
 Manufacturing and Distribution 
 We operate eighteen manufacturing facilities, including seven in Mexico, six in the United States, three in Canada, and two in Europe. We utilize a blend of internal and outsourced manufacturing processes and capabilities to fulfill a variety of customer needs. Our investment in our production facilities is focused primarily on improving capabilities, 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 product quality, and manufacturing efficiency as well as environmental, health, and safety compliance. We also utilize contract manufacturing from U.S., Asian, and European sources for certain products. The following table shows the percentage of finished goods manufactured and purchased in fiscal 2024 by significant geographic region. 
 Manufactured Purchased Total United States 15 9 24 Mexico 53 53 Asia 17 17 Others 6 6 Total 74 26 100 
 We operate seven manufacturing facilities in Mexico, some of which are authorized to operate as Maquiladoras by the Ministry of Economy of Mexico. Maquiladora status allows us to import raw materials into Mexico duty-free, provided that such items, after processing, are exported from Mexico within a stipulated time frame. Maquiladora status, which is renewed periodically, is subject to various restrictions and requirements, including compliance with the terms of the Maquiladora program and other local regulations, which have become stricter in recent years. 
 We operate seven distribution facilities, including five facilities in the United States and two in Canada. 
 During fiscal 2024, net sales initiated outside of the U.S. represented approximately 15 of total net sales. See the Supplemental Disaggregated Information footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the geographic distribution of net sales, operating profit, and long-lived assets. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development R D is defined as the critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge and the conversion of that knowledge into the design of a new product service or significant improvement to an existing product or service. We invest in product vitality, including enhancement of existing offerings, with a focus on improving the performance-to-cost ratio and energy efficiency. We also develop software applications with a platform to enhance data analytics offerings for building performance, enterprise operations, and personal experiences. R D expenses consist of compensation, payroll taxes, employee benefits, materials, supplies, and other administrative costs, but the amounts do not include all new product development costs. For fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, R D expenses totaled 102.3 million, 97.1 million, and 95.1 million, respectively. 
 Industry Overview 
 Our addressable market includes non-portable luminaires as defined by the National Electrical Manufacturers Association; poles for outdoor lighting; emergency lighting fixtures and lighting equipment; lighting controls; HVAC controls; refrigeration controls; and building technology controls, software, and systems. 
 We operate in highly competitive industries that are affected by a number of general business and economic factors, such as, but not limited to, gross domestic product growth, population growth, government stimulus, employment levels, credit availability, interest rates and inflation, building costs, freight, construction-related labor availability and costs, building occupancy rates, imports and trade, energy costs, freight costs, tariffs, commodity costs, and commodity availability. Our market is based on non-residential and residential construction, both new as well as renovation and retrofit activity, which may be impacted by these general economic factors. Precise segmentation of the market by new construction and renovation activity is not available, though internal estimates based on third-party data estimate the size of the markets to be about the same. The volume of non-residential construction activity in commercial, institutional, industrial, and infrastructure projects has a material impact on the demand for our lighting and building management solutions. Demand for our residential lighting products is highly dependent on economic drivers, such as consumer spending and discretionary income, along with housing construction and home improvement spending. 
 Our market is influenced by evolving technologies. This evolution includes: the development of new or improved lighting technologies, including solid-state lighting, electronic drivers, embedded lighting controls, and more effective optical designs and lamps; federal, state, and local requirements for updated energy codes; design strategies and technologies addressing sustainability and facilitating intelligent buildings; and incentives by federal, state, and local municipal authorities, as well as utility companies, for using more energy-efficient lighting and building technology solutions. We are a leading provider of integrated lighting and building technology solutions that utilize internally developed, licensed, or acquired intellectual property. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 We experience competition based on numerous factors, including product vitality, service capabilities, price, brand name recognition, product quality, product and system design, energy efficiency, and customer relationships. The markets for lighting and building management solutions are competitive and continue to evolve through acquisition and consolidation activities. Existing and new entrants continue to develop capabilities and solutions that are both complementary as well as competitive to those of traditional industry participants. Additionally, the market for artificial intelligence and software solutions is active with a wide range of competitors, from existing large companies to startup organizations. Certain global and more diversified manufacturers may provide a broader product offering utilizing electrical, lighting, and building technology products and services as well as pricing benefits from the bundling of various offerings. In addition, there are competitors, including Asian importers, small startup companies, and global electronics, technology, and software companies, offering competing solutions, sometimes deploying different technologies. 
 Regulations 
 We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations that impose increasingly complex, stringent and costly compliance activities. These laws and regulations include but are not limited to, the Clean Air Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act; the Clean Water Act; the Safe Harbor data privacy program between the U.S. and European Union; the United States-Mexico-Canada-Free Trade Agreement USMCA regulations from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration agency; the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation; California s Consumer Privacy Act and Connected Device Privacy Act; the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and other federal and state labor and employment laws and regulations; the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act. 
 On an ongoing basis, we allocate resources, including investments in capital and operating costs, to comply with laws and regulations. We do not currently believe that the costs of complying with government regulations have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. However, we may be affected by current or future standards, laws, or regulations, including those imposed in response to energy, material content, climate change, product functionality, geopolitics, corporate social responsibility, employee health and safety, privacy, or similar concerns. These standards, laws, and regulations may impact our costs of operation, the sourcing of raw materials, and the manufacture and distribution of our products and services. They may also place restrictions and other requirements or impediments on the products and solutions we can sell in certain geographical locations or may impact the willingness of certain investors to own our shares. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information. 
 Raw Materials 
 Our production requires raw materials, including certain grades of steel and aluminum, electrical and electronic components, plastics, and other petroleum-based materials and components. We purchase most raw materials and other components on the open market and rely on third parties to provide certain finished goods. While these items are generally available from multiple sources, the cost of products sold may be affected by changes in the market price of materials, freight, tariffs, and duties on certain materials, particularly imports from Asia, as well as disruptions in availability of raw materials, components, and sourced finished goods. 
 We do not currently engage in significant commodity hedging transactions for raw materials, though we have and will continue to commit to purchase certain materials generally for a period of up to 12 months. We monitor and investigate alternative suppliers and materials based on numerous attributes including, but not limited to, quality, service, and price. We currently source raw materials and components from a number of suppliers, but our ongoing efforts to improve the cost effectiveness, quality, and availability of our products and services may result in a reduction in the number of our suppliers. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own various domestic and foreign patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, and other intellectual property, which are important factors for our businesses. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark laws as well as agreements, restrictive covenants, and internal processes and controls to protect these proprietary rights. Despite these protections, unauthorized parties may take actions that infringe on our intellectual property. We also have licenses to certain patents and trademarks which, if not renewed, could adversely impact our business. As of August 31, 2024, we had approximately 1,600 total patent assets including issued U.S. and foreign patents as well as pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. While patents and patent applications in the aggregate are important to our competitive position, no single patent or patent application is individually material to us. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality and Cyclicality 
 Our business exhibits some seasonality, with net sales being affected by weather and seasonal demand on construction and installation programs, particularly during the winter months, as well as the annual budget cycles of major customers. Historically, with certain exceptions, we have experienced our highest sales in the last two quarters of our fiscal year due to these factors. 
 Our lighting and building technology solutions are sold to customers in both the new construction as well as renovation and retrofit markets for residential and non-residential applications. The construction market is cyclical in nature and subject to changes in general economic conditions and fiscal policies. Sales volume may have an impact on our profitability. Economic downturns and the potential decline in key construction markets may have a material adverse effect on our net sales, operating income, financial position, and cash flows. 
 Human Capital 
 We employed approximately 13,200 employees at August 31, 2024, of which approximately 3,600 were employed in the United States and approximately 8,700 were employed in Mexico. Our remaining employees were employed in other international locations including Europe, Canada, and the Asia/Pacific region. Union recognition and collective bargaining arrangements in place or in process cover approximately 1,300 and 7,400 employees in the United States and Mexico, respectively. Arrangements related to approximately 700 employees in the United States will expire within the next fiscal year. Arrangements for approximately 7,400 employees in Mexico will expire within the next fiscal year, primarily due to statutory requirements of annual negotiations of union contracts. We believe that we have strong relationships with both our unionized and non-unionized employees. 
 Growth, Development, and Inclusion 
 A key pillar to attract, develop, and retain top talent is our focus on the growth and development of our employees. In fiscal 2024, we remained focused on development through development plans for employees, special projects, training opportunities, and other activities. Our performance management and other processes are intended to align employee aspirations, interests, performance, and experiences with the talent needs that enable the business. Managers and employees conduct periodic check-in discussions to encourage continuous performance feedback and improvement. These discussions also act to hold leaders accountable for creating an employee development culture. 
 Investing in the development of our employees is part of our operating system and correlates to our preparedness to meet current and future strategic priorities of the business. In fiscal 2024, we continued a management effectiveness series focused on coaching to performance, which we offered through in-person events and ongoing sustainment activities. We also provide a digital platform with learning content and resources to help employees expand their knowledge, skills, and abilities through self-directed learning initiatives. We provide on demand, virtual, and in-person instructor led classes to help employees and customers expand their lighting, controls, and building management technical knowledge through Acuity Academy and other resources. 
 Our goal is to ensure that all employees feel valued, respected, and accepted for their contributions regardless of their race, sex, religion, ethnicity, age, gender identity, disabilities, national origin, sexual orientation, or other unique characteristics. To promote diversity in the workplace, we sponsor an Inclusion and Belonging Council that is responsible for setting our diversity strategy and initiatives, many resulting from employee feedback. Our Inclusion and Belonging Council consists of members of management as well as key human resource process leaders and leaders from our various employee resource groups. We currently have five employee resource groups: Mind Matters; Minorities Amplifying Growth, Inclusion, and Community MAGIC People Respecting Identity, Diversity, and Equity PRIDE the Women s Network; and the Veterans Network. These groups are designed to embrace, celebrate, and recognize the power of diversity. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We review our compensation and benefit plans annually to ensure that we are providing competitive, contemporary, and inclusive programs so we can attract and retain the best people and support the health and well-being of our employees and their families. Based on this review, we offer a competitive total rewards package to our employees that includes base compensation, annual cash incentive programs, stock grants with service and/ or performance requirements, health benefits, and/or retirement benefits commensurate with an employee's position, skill set, and experience. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Health and Safety 
 We strive to ensure our employees have a safe and collaborative work environment. Our management practices promote Environmental, Health Safety EHS excellence. To achieve this standard, we have instituted an EHS Management System based on the goals and guidelines of the International Standards of Operation for Environmental Management, International Standards for Occupational Health Safety Management, and our own guiding principles. These guidelines include identifying and controlling hazardous exposures for the prevention of injuries, preventing pollution, and complying with all relevant legal and other requirements. We review each facility s qualitative and quantitative results, with an emphasis on leading indicators that help avoid violations, accidents, and injuries. A variety of different metrics is averaged to determine a facility s performance, which is used to find continuous improvement opportunities. 
 Environmental Sustainability 
 We save energy and help reduce carbon emissions through our lighting, lighting controls, and building management solutions by replacing older technologies, and we drive innovation and productivity across our business to minimize our impact on the environment. We have extended the capabilities of our energy data management software to help enable users to track and report their carbon footprint. We also seek to use raw materials more efficiently and to operate our own facilities in a more intelligent, environmentally-friendly manner. We regularly communicate progress on our environmental commitments as part of our EarthLIGHT sustainability program. 
 Available Information 
 Acuity Brands, Inc. was incorporated in 2001 under the laws of the State of Delaware. We make our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K (and all amendments to these reports) and proxy statements, together with all reports filed pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by our officers, directors, and beneficial owners of 10 or more of our common stock, available free of charge through the SEC Filings link under the Financials heading within the For Investors section on our website, located at www.acuitybrands.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information included on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our reports are also available on the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov . 
 Additionally, we have adopted a written Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer and senior financial officers. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available free of charge through the Committee Charters and Governance Documents link under the Governance heading within the For Investors section on our website. Any amendments to, or waivers of, the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for our principal executive officer and senior financial officers will be disclosed on our website promptly following the date of such amendment or waiver. Additionally, the charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, and Governance Committee are available free of charge through the Committee Charters Governance Documents link under the Governance heading within the "For Investors" section on our website. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the committee charters are available in print to any of our stockholders that request such document by contacting our Investor Relations department. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 This filing contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. A variety of risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information included in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These risks could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, and financial expectations and could cause the market price of our securities to decrease. Such risks include the following, without limitation. 
 Risks Related to Our Strategy 
 Our results may be adversely affected by market and competitive pricing. 
 Aggressive pricing actions by competitors may affect our ability to manage the price/cost relationship to achieve desired revenue growth and profitability levels. Potential decreased demand for our products resulting from factors including uncertainty in the global economy, an inflationary environment, rising interest rates, and a potential global recession may influence competitor pricing. Additionally, dynamic pricing models may not cover our rising costs. Even if we were able to increase prices to cover our costs, competitive pricing pressures may not allow us to pass on any more than the cost increases. Alternatively, if costs were to decline, the marketplace may not allow us to hold prices at their current levels. 
 Innovations of new products and services may not yield desired returns, which may also expose our assets, particularly inventory, to potential write-downs. 
 Continual introductions of new products and solutions, services, and technologies, enhancement of existing products and services, and effective servicing of customers are key to our competitive strategy. The success of new product and solution introductions depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, timely and successful product development, product quality, market acceptance, including entrance into new verticals, and our ability to manage the risks associated with product life cycles, such as additional inventory obsolescence risk as product life cycles begin to shorten, new products and production capabilities, effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels to support anticipated product manufacturing and demand, availability of products in appropriate quantities and costs to meet anticipated demand, and risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Additionally, new products and solutions may not achieve the same profit margins as expected or as compared to our historic products and solutions. Conversely, market adoption of new products may impact the sales of other products and may expose on-hand inventories to future write-downs. Accordingly, we cannot fully predict the ultimate effect of new product introductions on our business. Furthermore, other market participants, such as well-established competitors, could develop alternative platforms for monetizing products, solutions, and services that result in a paradigm shift in our industry, particularly with respect to new and developing technologies. 
 We may not be able to identify, finance, and complete suitable acquisitions, alliances, or investments, and acquisitions, alliances, or investments that we pursue may not yield anticipated benefits. 
 We have allocated capital within our business to fund acquisitions, alliances, and investments and may continue to do so as opportunities arise in the future. We will benefit from such activity only to the extent that we can effectively identify suitable acquisition and alliance candidates, close those identified acquisitions and alliances, and leverage and integrate the assets or capabilities of the acquired businesses and alliances, including, but not limited to, personnel, technology, and operating processes. It may be difficult for us to integrate acquired businesses efficiently into our business operations. Any acquisitions, alliances, or investments may not be successful or realize the intended benefits. Moreover, unanticipated events, negative revisions to valuation assumptions and estimates, diversion of resources and management's attention from other business concerns, and difficulties in attaining synergies, among other factors, have in the past and could in the future adversely affect our ability to recover initial and subsequent investments, resulting in non-cash impairment charges, particularly those related to acquired goodwill and intangible assets or non-controlling interests. In addition, such investment transactions may limit our ability to invest in other activities that could be more profitable or advantageous. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We may experience difficulties in streamlining activities, which could impact shipments to customers, product quality, and the realization of expected savings from streamlining actions. 
 We expect to benefit from potential programs to streamline operations, including the consolidation of certain facilities and the reduction of overhead costs. Such benefits will only be realized to the extent that we can effectively leverage assets, personnel, and operating processes in the transition of production between manufacturing facilities. Uncertainty is inherent within the facility consolidation process, and unforeseen circumstances could offset the anticipated benefits, disrupt service to customers, and impact product quality. 
 General business, political, and economic conditions, including the strength of the construction and renovation market, political events, or other factors may affect demand for our products and services. 
 We compete based on numerous factors, including product vitality and service levels, as well as features and benefits, brand name recognition, product quality, product and system design, energy efficiency, customer relationships, service capabilities, and price. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive environment that is influenced by a number of general business and economic factors, such as economic vitality, employment levels, credit availability, interest rates, trends in vacancy rates and rent values, energy costs, and commodity costs. Sales of lighting, lighting controls, and building technology solutions depend significantly on the level of activity in new construction and renovation/retrofits. Declines in general economic activity, appropriations, and regulations, including tax and trade policy and other political uncertainties, may negatively impact new construction and renovation projects, or our ability to expand into new geographies, which in turn may impact demand for our product and service offerings. 
 Decreased construction and renovation spending and consumer demand for our products and services, along with rising commodity costs may materially affect our future access to our sources of liquidity, particularly our cash flows from operations, financial condition, capitalization, and capital investments. Additionally, potential economic slowdowns, supply chain disruptions, or a global recession could adversely affect our ability to access the capital and other financial markets. This may require us to consider alternative sources of funding for some of our operations and for working capital, which may increase our cost of, as well as adversely impact our access to, capital. These uncertain economic conditions may also result in the inability of our customers and other counter-parties to make payments to us, on a timely basis or at all. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 Our business and results have been and may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the cost or availability of raw materials, components, purchased finished goods, or services. 
 We utilize a variety of raw materials and components in our production process including steel, aluminum, lamps, certain rare earth materials, microchips, light emitting diodes LED ), LED drivers, ballasts, wire, electronic components, power supplies, petroleum-based byproducts, natural gas, and copper. We also source certain finished goods externally. Supply chain disruptions for certain components, including microchips and electronics, have resulted in higher prices for significant commodities and materials, as well as increased warehousing, freight, and container costs, which have negatively impacted our business. Although these disruptions have subsided from their peaks, future disruptions in the supply chain and shortages could affect our ability to procure components for our products on a timely basis, or at all, or could require us to commit to increased purchases and provide longer lead times to secure critical components by entering into longer term guaranteed supply agreements. Alternatively, supply chain disruptions and shortages could require us to rely on relatively high-cost spot market purchases for certain materials or products. 
 Future increases in our costs could negatively impact our profitability as there can be no assurance that future price increases will be successfully passed through to customers. We generally source our goods from a number of suppliers. However, there are a limited number of suppliers for certain components and certain purchased finished goods, which on a limited basis, results in sole-source supplier situations. 
 Our competitors supply certain items, and those competitors and other suppliers may, for various strategic reasons, choose to cease selling to us. In addition, our ongoing efforts to improve the effectiveness of our supply chain could result in a reduction in the number of our suppliers, and in turn, increased risk associated with reliance on a single or a limited number of suppliers. Furthermore, volatility in certain commodities, such as oil, impacts all suppliers and, therefore, may result in additional price increases from time to time regardless of the number and availability of suppliers. Profitability and volume could be negatively impacted by limitations inherent within the supply chain of certain of these component parts, including competitive, governmental, and legal limitations, natural disasters, and other events that could impact both supply and price. Additionally, we are dependent on certain service providers for 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 key operational functions. While there are a number of suppliers of these services, the cost to change service providers and set up new processes could be significant. 
 Technological developments and increased competition could affect our operating profit margins and sales volume. 
 We compete in an industry and markets where technology and innovation play major roles in the competitive landscape. We are highly engaged in the investigation, development, and implementation of new technologies and services. Securing employee talent, key partnerships, and alliances, including having access to technologies, services, and solutions developed by others, as well as obtaining appropriate patents and the right to utilize patents of other parties all play a significant role in protecting our freedom to operate. Additionally, the continual development of new technologies by existing and new source suppliers including non-traditional competitors with significant resources looking for either direct market access or partnerships with competing large manufacturers, coupled with significant associated exclusivity and/or patent activity, could adversely affect our ability to sustain operating profit margins and desirable levels of sales volume. 
 In addition, there are new competitors, including small startup companies and global electronics, technology, and software companies, offering competing solutions, sometimes deploying different technologies. These competitors may vertically integrate and begin offering total solution packages that directly compete with our offerings. Certain global and more diversified electrical manufacturers as well as certain global technology and building solution providers may be able to obtain a competitive advantage, either through internal development or acquisitions, over us by offering broader and more integrated solutions utilizing electrical, lighting, controls, building automation solutions, and data analytics, and small startup companies may offer more localized product sales and support services within individual regions. 
 We may be unable to sustain significant customer and/or channel partner relationships. 
 Relationships with customers are directly impacted by our ability to deliver quality products and services. Although no individual customer exceeded 10 of net sales during fiscal 2024, the loss of or a substantial decrease in the volume of purchases by certain larger customers could harm our business in a meaningful manner. We have relationships with channel partners such as electrical distributors, home improvement retailers, independent sales agencies, system integrators, and value-added resellers. While we maintain positive, and in many cases long-term, relationships with these channel partners, the sudden or unplanned loss of a number of these channel partners or a substantial decrease in the volume of purchases from a major channel partner or a group of channel partners could adversely affect our business. 
 We could be adversely affected by external disruptions, including geopolitical and/or other conditions, to our operations. 
 Disruptions to our operations including, but not limited to, labor disputes, strikes, workplace violence, public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, climate change, brown outs and other power outages, earthquakes, fires, floods, explosions, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, water scarcity, cyber-attacks, civil or political disruptions, or other catastrophic events such as war, insurrection, or natural disasters, leading to production interruptions in our or one or more of our suppliers facilities could adversely affect us. Approximately 53 of our finished products are manufactured in Mexico, a country that periodically experiences heightened civil unrest or may experience trade disputes with the U.S., both of which could cause a disruption of the supply of products to or from these facilities. Further, because many of our customers are to varying degrees dependent on planned deliveries from our facilities, those customers that have to reschedule their own production, delay opening a facility, or incur other disruptions due to our missed deliveries as a result of these disruptions could pursue financial claims against us. We may incur costs to correct any of these problems in addition to facing claims from customers. Further, our reputation among actual and potential customers may be harmed and result in a loss of business. These types of events may negatively impact residential, commercial, and industrial spending, including construction and renovation spending as well as consumer spending on our products, in impacted regions or, depending on the severity, globally. As a result, any of such events could adversely impact us. While we have developed business continuity plans, including alternative capacity, to support responses to such events or disruptions and maintain insurance policies covering, among other things, physical damage and business interruptions, these policies may not cover all losses. We could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including damage to our reputation, loss of customers, and substantial losses in operational capacity. 
 Current global conflicts, such as the those between Russia and Ukraine as well as within the Middle East, have created substantial uncertainty in the global economy, including sanctions and penalties imposed on certain countries from several governments. While we do not have operations in these locations and do not have significant 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 direct exposure to customers and vendors in those countries, we are unable to predict the impact that these actions will have on the global economy or on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Company operating systems, information systems, or devices have experienced, and may experience in the future, a failure, a compromise of security, or a violation of data privacy laws or regulations, which could adversely impact our operations as well as the effectiveness of internal controls over operations and financial reporting. 
 We are highly dependent on various software and automated systems to record and process operational and financial transactions. We have experienced, and could experience in the future, a failure of one or more of these software and automated systems or we could fail to complete all necessary data reconciliation or other conversion controls when implementing a new software system. 
 We have also experienced compromises of our security, and could experience in the future, a compromise of our security for reasons including technical system flaws, the improper installation of an upgrade or update, the proper installation of an upgrade or update that has consequences unforeseen by us or the software provider, data input or record-keeping errors, or tampering or manipulation of our systems by employees or unauthorized third parties, such as through viruses, malware, or phishing. Information security risks also exist with respect to the use of portable electronic devices, such as laptops and smartphones, which are particularly vulnerable to loss and theft. We may also be subject to disruptions of systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (for example, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, cyber-attacks, including but not limited to hacking, malware, ransomware attacks, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering, exploitation of internet-connected devises, and other attacks, epidemics, computer viruses, and electrical/telecommunications outages). While prior compromises of our security have not had, in the aggregate, a material impact on the Company s operations and financial condition, the Company expects events of this nature to continue as cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and the techniques used in such attacks change rapidly. The Company monitors its data, information technology and personnel usage of Company systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Refer to Part I, Item 1C. Cybersecurity for further details. 
 If any of our hardware, software, or automated systems are compromised, fail, or have other significant shortcomings, it could disrupt our business, require us to incur substantial additional expenses, or result in potential liability or reputational damage. There can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information technology will prevent such compromises of security. 
 We also provide and maintain technology to enable lighting controls and building technology systems. In addition to the risks noted above, there are other risks associated with these customer offerings. For example, a customer may depend on integral information from, or functionality of, our technology to support that customer s other systems, such that a failure of our technology could impact those systems, including by loss or destruction of data. Likewise, a customer s failure to properly configure, update, segregate, or upgrade its own network and integrations with our technology are outside of our control and could result in a failure in functionality or security of our technology. 
 We and certain of our third-party vendors may receive and store personal information in connection with human resources operations, customer offerings, and other aspects of the business. A material network breach in the security of these systems could include the theft of intellectual property, the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, change, or destruction of our or our customers', suppliers', or other third-party's confidential, proprietary or personally identifying information, other disruptions of our customers' or other third parties' business operations. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or an inappropriate disclosure of information, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect relationships with our customers, employees, and others, or lead to claims against us. Such claims may result in the payment of fines, penalties, and costs, and ultimately harm our business. In addition, we may incur significant costs, regulatory fines, or penalties, or be required to take actions, to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches. 
 We are also subject to an increasing number of evolving and uncertain data privacy and security laws and regulations that impose requirements on us and our technology prior to certain use or transfer, storing, processing, disclosure, and protection of data and prior to sale or use of certain technologies. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines, penalties and other costs. New privacy and security laws are frequently enacted. Inconsistencies between the interpretation and the practical application of both existing and new laws are common across jurisdictions. Additionally, we routinely undertake contractual obligations to comply with all applicable laws, so a violation of a data privacy or security law could result in additional contractual liability. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 System failures, ineffective system implementation or disruptions, failure to comply with data privacy and security laws or regulations, or the compromise of security with respect to internal or external systems or portable electronic devices could damage our systems or infrastructure, subject us to liability claims, or regulatory fines, penalties, or intervention, harm our reputation, interrupt our operations, disrupt customer operations, and adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting, business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Changes in our relationships with employees, changes in U.S. or international employment regulations, an inability to attract and retain talented employees, or a loss of key employees could adversely impact the effectiveness of our operations. 
 We employed approximately 13,200 people as of August 31, 2024, approximately 9,600 of whom are employed in international locations. We have significant exposure to changes in domestic and foreign laws governing relationships with employees, including wage and hour laws and regulations, fair labor standards, minimum wage requirements, overtime pay, unemployment tax rates, workers' compensation rates, citizenship requirements, and payroll taxes, which likely would have a direct impact on our operating costs. Union recognition and collective bargaining agreements are in place or in process covering approximately 65 of our workforce. Collective bargaining agreements representing approximately 60 of our workforce will expire within one year, primarily due to annual negotiations with unions in Mexico. While we believe that we have good relationships with both our unionized and non-unionized employees, we may become vulnerable to a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action by these employees. 
 Our success is also dependent upon our ability to attract, retain, and motivate a qualified and diverse workforce, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so, particularly during times of increased labor costs or labor shortages. We rely upon the knowledge and experience of employees involved in functions throughout the organization that require technical expertise and knowledge of the industry. We have experienced intense competition for qualified and capable personnel in key markets and with key skills, and we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be successful in attracting, assimilating, and retaining personnel in the future. In addition, our growth may be constrained by resource limitations as competitors and customers compete for increasingly scarce human capital resources. The demand for skilled workers is currently high. We face an increasingly competitive labor market due in part to sustained labor shortages and are subject to inflationary pressures on employee wages, salaries, and benefits which have and may continue to increase labor costs and impact labor availability. Our competitors may be able to offer a work environment with higher compensation or more opportunities than we can offer. An inability to attract and retain a sufficient number of employees could adversely impact our ability to execute key operational functions. 
 There are inherent risks in our solutions and services businesses. 
 Risks inherent in the sale of solutions and services include assuming greater responsibility for successfully delivering projects that meet a particular customer specification, including: defining and controlling contract scope and timing, efficiently executing projects, and managing the performance and quality of subcontractors and suppliers and our own systems. As we expand our service and solutions offerings, reliance on the technical infrastructure to provide services to customers will increase. If we fail to appropriately manage and secure the technical infrastructure required, customers could experience service outages or delays in implementation of services. If we are unable to manage and mitigate these risks, we could incur liabilities and other losses. 
 We may be subject to risk in connection with third-party relationships necessary to operate our business. 
 We utilize strategic partners and third-party relationships in order to operate and grow our business. For instance, we utilize third parties for contract manufacturing of certain products, subcontract installation and commissioning, as well as perform certain selling, distribution, and administrative functions. We cannot control the actions or performance, including product quality, of these third parties and therefore, cannot be certain that we or our end-users will be satisfied. Any future actions of or any failure to act by any third party on which our business relies could cause us to incur losses or interruptions in our operations. In addition, we act as a general contractor in certain relationships with third parties, and as such are subject to risks applicable to general contractors. 
 We are subject to risks related to operations and suppliers outside the United States. 
 We have substantial activities outside of the United States, including sourcing of products, materials, components, and contract manufactured finished goods, as well as manufacturing and distribution activities. Our operations, as well as those of key vendors, are therefore subject to regulatory, economic, political, military, and other events in countries where these operations are located. In addition to the risks that are common to both our domestic and 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 international operations, we face risks specifically related to our foreign operations and sourcing activities, including but not limited to: exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; increased inflation; unstable political, social, regulatory, economic, financial, and market conditions; laws that prohibit shipments to certain countries or restricted parties and that prohibit improper payments to government officials such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act; potential for privatization and other confiscatory actions; trade restrictions and disruption; shipping delays or disruptions, criminal activities, increases in tariffs and taxes, corruption, terrorist action, nationalization and expropriation, limitations on repatriation of earnings or other capital requirements, and other changes in regulation in international jurisdictions that could result in substantial additional legal or compliance obligations for us. Additionally, if we expand our global footprint into new geographies or territories, our exposure to these risks may increase. 
 We source certain components and approximately 17 of our finished goods from Asia, a significant portion of which are subject to import tariffs. These tariffs could increase in future periods resulting in higher costs and/or lower demand. We could be adversely affected to the extent we are unable to mitigate the impacts of the tariffs. 
 We operate seven manufacturing facilities in Mexico, some of which are authorized to operate as Maquiladoras by the Ministry of Economy of Mexico. Maquiladora status allows us to import raw materials into Mexico duty-free, provided that such items, after processing, are exported from Mexico within a stipulated time frame. Maquiladora status, which is renewed periodically, is subject to various restrictions and requirements, including compliance with the terms of the Maquiladora program and other local regulations, which have become stricter in recent years. In addition, if our Mexican facilities cease to qualify for Maquiladora status or if the Mexican government adopts additional adverse changes to the program, including nationalization, our manufacturing costs in Mexico could increase. 
 We are also subject to certain other laws and regulations affecting our international operations, including laws and regulations such as the United States, Mexico, Canada Free Trade Agreement USMCA which, among other things, provide certain beneficial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classification and other requirements. A majority of our sales are subject to USMCA. In addition, the US government has initiated or is considering imposing tariffs on certain foreign goods, including steel and aluminum. Related to this action, certain foreign governments, including China, have instituted or are considering imposing tariffs on certain U.S. goods. It remains unclear what the U.S. Administration or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs, the USMCA, or other international trade agreements and policies. Trade wars or other governmental actions related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies have the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, costs, customers, suppliers, and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors therein, and, could adversely impact our business. 
 The evolution of our products, complexity of our supply chain, and reliance on third-party vendors such as customs brokers and freight vendors, which may not have effective processes and controls to enable us to fully and accurately comply with such requirements, could subject us to liabilities for past, present, or future periods. Such liabilities could adversely impact our business. 
 We continue to monitor conditions affecting our international locations, including potential changes in income from a strengthening or weakening in foreign exchange rates in relation to the U.S. dollar. Some of these risks, including but not limited to foreign exchange rates, violations of laws, and higher costs associated with changes in regulation, could adversely impact our business. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by social impact and sustainability matters. 
 There has been, and may continue to be, an increasing focus from U.S. and foreign government agencies, certain investors, customers, consumers, employees, and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social and governance ESG matters. Some investors may use ESG criteria to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies relating to corporate responsibilities do not align with their ESG criteria. In addition, different stakeholder groups have divergent views on ESG matters, which increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to ESG matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth. 
 We may, from time to time, communicate certain initiatives, targets, and goals regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments, and other ESG matters. These initiatives, targets, and goals could be difficult and expensive to implement, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the disclosure thereof. Further, statements about our ESG initiatives, targets, and goals, and progress against those targets and goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, as well as assumptions, estimates and climate scenarios that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized or subject to litigation for the 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 scope or nature of such initiatives, targets, or goals, or for any revisions to such targets or goals. If our ESG-related data, processes, and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail, or are perceived to fail, to achieve progress with respect to our ESG targets or goals on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth could be adversely affected. 
 We have begun to incorporate artificial intelligence capabilities in our product offerings and operations, and challenges with properly managing the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. 
 We have begun incorporating artificial intelligence AI capabilities into certain product offerings as well as utilizing AI as part of our operational processes. These features may become more important over time. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, if the content, analyses, or recommendations that AI applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, we could be subject to competitive risks, potential legal liability, and reputational harm, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The use of AI capabilities may also result in cybersecurity incidents. Any such cybersecurity incidents related to our use of AI capabilities could adversely affect our business. Finally, multiple jurisdictions have either already put in place laws and regulations governing the use of AI, or are considering such laws and regulations, and additional constraints may result from industry efforts. Compliance with these laws, regulations, and industry frameworks may limit our ability to leverage AI or require us to substantially revise our approach to its use. 
 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 Failure to comply with the broad range of standards, laws, and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate may result in exposure to substantial disruptions, costs, and liabilities. 
 We are subject to various foreign and domestic federal, state, and local laws and regulations that include but are not limited to, the Clean Air Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act; the Clean Water Act; the Safe Harbor data privacy program between the U.S. and European Union; the United States-Mexico-Canada-Free Trade Agreement USMCA regulations from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration agency; the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation; California s Consumer Privacy Act and Connected Device Privacy Act; the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and other federal and state labor and employment laws and regulations; the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act. The laws and regulations impacting us impose increasingly complex, stringent, and costly compliance activities. 
 Concerns regarding climate change may also lead to significant legislative and regulatory responses, including efforts to limit greenhouse gas GHG emissions. The United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA has implemented regulations that require reporting of GHG emissions or that limit emissions of GHGs from certain mobile or stationary sources. In addition, the U.S. Congress and federal and state regulatory agencies have considered other legislation and regulatory proposals to reduce emissions of GHGs, and many states and other jurisdictions have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the development of GHG inventories, GHG permitting, and/or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs. It is uncertain whether, when, and in what form a federal mandatory carbon dioxide emissions reduction program, or other state programs, may be adopted. Similarly, certain countries have adopted the Kyoto Protocol, and in February 2021, the U.S. rejoined the Paris Agreement. 
 In addition, permits and environmental controls are required for certain of our operations to limit air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal, and revocation by issuing authorities. Some environmental laws, such as Superfund, the Clean Water Act, and comparable laws in U.S. states and other jurisdictions worldwide, impose joint and several liability for the cost of environmental remediation, natural resource damages, third-party claims, and other expenses, without regard to the fault or the legality of the original conduct, on those persons who contributed to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. Environmental laws and regulations have generally become stricter in recent years, and certain federal, state, and local governments domestically and internationally, have enacted, or are considering enacting, new laws and regulations, including those governing raw material composition, carbon dioxide and other air emissions, end-of-life product dispositions, energy efficiency, and certain additional disclosure obligations related to the above. 
 We may be affected by those or other future standards, laws, or regulations, including those imposed in response to energy, climate change, our carbon footprint, product functionality, geopolitical, corporate social responsibility, or similar concerns. As customers become increasingly concerned about the environmental impact of their purchases, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 if we fail to keep up with changing regulations or innovate or operate in ways that minimize the energy use of or other impacts of our products or operations, customers may choose more energy efficient or sustainable alternatives. These standards, laws, or regulations may also impact our costs of operation, the sourcing of raw materials, and the manufacture and distribution of our products and may place restrictions and other requirements or impediments on the products and solutions we can sell in certain geographical locations or on the willingness of certain investors to own our shares. In addition, we may be subject to consumer lawsuits or enforcement actions by governmental authorities if our ESG claims relating to product marketing are inaccurate. At the same time, certain actions that we may take in our efforts to address ESG concerns may be challenged as being inconsistent or prohibited by various federal, state, or local laws and regulations. It is uncertain what laws, rules, or regulations may be enacted, or how courts may interpret them in the future, and therefore we cannot predict the potential impact such laws or regulations may have on our future financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The laws and regulations regarding ESG disclosures and requirements are also rapidly evolving and could have an adverse effect on our operations, and the costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs. 
 It is uncertain what laws will be enacted, and therefore we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws on our future financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The laws and regulations regarding ESG disclosures and requirements are also evolving and could have an adverse effect on our operations and the costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs. 
 We may develop unexpected legal contingencies or matters that exceed insurance coverage. 
 We are subject to and in the future may be subject to various claims, including legal claims arising in the normal course of business. Such claims may include without limitation employment claims, product recall, personal injury, network security, data privacy, or property damage claims resulting from the use of our products, services, or solutions, as well as exposure to hazardous materials, contract disputes, or intellectual property disputes. We are insured up to specified limits for certain types of losses with a self-insurance retention per occurrence, including product or professional liability, and cyber liability, including network security and data privacy claims, and are fully self-insured for certain other types of losses, including environmental, product recall, warranty, commercial dispute, and patent infringement losses. We establish accruals for legal claims when the costs associated with the claims become probable and can be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be substantially higher or lower than the level of insurance coverage we hold and/or the amounts accrued for such claims. In the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolutions of such matters could be unfavorable. Our insurance coverage is negotiated on an annual basis, and insurance policies in the future may have coverage exclusions that could cause claim-related costs to rise. 
 If our products are improperly designed, manufactured, packaged, or labeled, or are otherwise alleged to cause harm or injury, we may need to recall those items, may have increased warranty costs, and could be the target of product liability claims. 
 We may need to recall products if they are improperly designed, manufactured, packaged, or labeled, and we do not maintain insurance for such recall events. Many of our products and solutions have become more complex in recent years and include more sophisticated and sensitive electronic components. A problem or issue relating to any individual component could have the effect of creating a compounded problem for an integrated solution, which could result in significant costs and losses. We have increasingly manufactured certain of those components and products in our own facilities. We have previously initiated product recalls or formal campaigns soliciting repair or return of a product as a result of potentially faulty components, assembly, installation, design, and packaging of our products. Widespread product recalls could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, penalties, and lost sales due to the unavailability of a product for a period of time. In addition, products we developed that incorporate technologies, such as LED, generally provide for more extensive warranty protection, which may result in higher costs if warranty claims on these products are higher than historical amounts. We may also be liable if the use or failure of any of our products cause harm, whether from fire, shock, harmful materials or components, alleged adverse health impacts from exposure to light emitted by our products, or any other personal injury or property damage, and we could suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us in excess of our insurance limits. We may not be able to obtain indemnity or reimbursement from our suppliers or other third parties for the warranty costs or liabilities associated with our products, even if such costs or liabilities are covered under supplier warranty obligations. We have incurred and may incur in the future charges and loss of reimbursed cash flows from such suppliers. A significant product recall, warranty claim, product liability case, and/or challenges around seeking indemnity or reimbursement from our suppliers or other third parties could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights and could be the target of intellectual property claims. 
 We own certain patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. Where appropriate, these assets are the subject of registrations or other filings with governmental entities. In addition, we have internal policies and processes that establish a strategy for protecting newly developed key company technologies. We make decisions about what intellectual property to register based on these policies and processes. Formal protection for all company intellectual property is not appropriate, but even if it were, it could not be obtained without incurring significant legal expenses and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. With respect to intellectual property rights that we have obtained, we cannot be certain that others have not infringed and will not infringe on these rights. Enforcement actions against these third parties could result in significant legal expenses, which could also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Like others in the industry, from time to time we receive allegations of patent infringement from competitors and from non-practicing entity patent holders. Those allegations may be coupled with offers to license their patents for use in our products. We typically address those allegations by developing invalidity or non-infringement positions or obtaining access to such patents through licensing, cross-licensing, or other mutually beneficial arrangements. To the extent we cannot develop such positions and are unable to enter into such arrangements on acceptable economic terms, it could adversely impact us. 
 We are exposed to certain regulatory, financial, and other risks related to climate change and other sustainability matters. 
 The scientific consensus indicates that emissions of GHGs continue to alter the composition of Earth s atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. The potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities, and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. 
 Concerns regarding climate change may lead to significant legislative and regulatory responses, including efforts to limit GHG emissions. The EPA has implemented regulations that require reporting of GHG emissions or that limit emissions of GHGs from certain mobile or stationary sources. In addition, the U.S. Congress and federal and state regulatory agencies have considered other legislation and regulatory proposals to reduce emissions of GHGs, and many states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the development of GHG inventories, GHG permitting, and/or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs. It is uncertain whether, when, and in what form a federal mandatory carbon dioxide emissions reduction program, or other state programs, may be adopted. Similarly, certain countries have adopted the Kyoto Protocol, and in February 2021, the U.S. rejoined the Paris Accord. These and other existing or potential international initiatives and regulations could affect our international operations. As customers become increasingly concerned about the environmental impact of their purchases, if we fail to keep up with changing regulations or innovate or operate in ways that minimize the energy use of our products or operations, customers may choose more energy efficient or sustainable alternatives. These actions could also increase costs associated with our operations, including costs for raw materials and transportation. We may also be subject to consumer lawsuits or enforcement actions by governmental authorities if our ESG claims relating to product marketing are inaccurate. It is uncertain what laws will be enacted, and therefore we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws on our future financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 In addition, certain investors and stakeholders are increasingly interested in ESG matters, and as stakeholder ESG expectations and standards evolve, our failure to sufficiently respond to these evolving standards and expectations may cause us to suffer from reputational damage, and our business or financial condition could be adversely affected. The laws and regulations regarding ESG disclosures and requirements are also evolving and could have an adverse effect on our operations and the costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs. 
 Tax liabilities due in the jurisdictions in which we operate may exceed anticipated amounts. 
 Our operations are subject to income tax, sales tax, value-added tax VAT ), excise tax, property tax, and other taxes and assessments at federal, state, local, and international levels. Our consolidated tax obligation is driven largely by our corporate structure as well as domestic and international intercompany arrangements. We operate in several jurisdictions, including but not limited to, the United States, Mexico, Canada, and Europe. Certain jurisdictions may aggressively interpret their laws, regulations, and policies in an effort to raise additional tax revenue, and international tax authorities may seek to assert extraterritorial taxing rights on our transactions or operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We have previously been subject to domestic and international tax audits by taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate, and we may be subject to additional such audits in the future. While our previous audits resulted in no significant findings, and we believe we continue to be in compliance with relevant tax laws, tax authorities may challenge or disagree with certain positions or methodologies in calculating our tax positions. An unfavorable interpretation or outcome could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, result in additional tax obligations owed, impact the amount of recoverable VAT, and/or increase excise taxes owed, which could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. 
 Further, tax laws and regulations in domestic and international jurisdictions are often extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations and may require us to make judgments and estimates about our provisions, including with respect to certain transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded, which could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. 
 Additionally, our future income tax obligations could be adversely affected by changes in, or interpretations of, tax laws, regulations, policies, or decisions in the United States or in the other jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Risks Related to Financial Matters 
 The market price and trading volume of our shares may be volatile. 
 The market price of our common shares could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including reasons unrelated to our specific performance, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions, or negative announcements by customers, competitors, or suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as general global economic, industry, and political conditions, or due to our ability to accurately forecast our performance. Our performance could be different than analyst expectations or issued guidance, causing a decline in our stock price. To the extent that other large companies within our industry experience declines in share price, our share price may decline as well. In addition, we may discontinue or reduce dividend payments and may discontinue or suspend our share repurchase program based on several factors, including our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Any modification or suspension of dividends and any suspension or termination of our share repurchase program could cause our stock price to decline. 
 When the market price of our shares drops significantly, shareholders could institute securities class action lawsuits against us or otherwise engage in activism, which could cause us to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of our management and other resources. 
 Risks related to our defined benefit retirement plans may adversely impact results of operations and cash flows. 
 Significant changes in actual investment returns on defined benefit plan assets, discount rates, and other factors could adversely affect our comprehensive income and the amount of contributions we are required to make to the defined benefit plans in future periods. As our defined benefit plan assets and liabilities are marked-to-market on an annual basis, large non-cash gains or losses could be recorded in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. In accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, the income or expense for the plans is calculated using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. Funding requirements for the defined benefit plans are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to defined benefit funding obligations. Unfavorable changes in these factors could adversely affect our results. Additionally, a planned termination of any of our defined retirement benefit plans may not be approved timely, or at all, by the appropriate regulatory authorities; may result in additional non-cash charges within our results of operations as well as additional administrative costs; and may not yield the desired benefits. 
 Our business and operations are subject to interest rate risks, and changes in interest rates can reduce demand for our products and increase borrowing costs. 
 Rising interest rates could have a negative effect on overall economic activity, and could impair the ability of real estate developers, property owners, and contractors to obtain reasonable costs of capital on borrowed funds, resulting in depressed levels of construction and renovation projects and a resulting decrease in demand for our products and services. Rising interest rates could also impair our customers ability to repay obligations to us. Additionally, rising interest rates may increase our cost of capital, which could have material adverse effects on our financial condition and cash flows. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 
 Our management and Board of Directors recognize the importance of maintaining the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology environment and data security infrastructure. Both management and the Board of Directors are actively involved in our enterprise risk management process, which specifically identifies cybersecurity as a key risk to us. To address cybersecurity risk, we have instituted policies, processes, and internal controls aligned with the framework established by the Secure Controls Framework, a meta-framework that reflects the standards of multiple security frameworks including those of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and International Organization for Standardization (ISO). The focus of our cybersecurity program is to preserve the confidentiality, security, and availability of our systems and data, mitigate cybersecurity threats, and effectively respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents when they occur. 
 Material Cybersecurity Risks, Threats, and Incidents 
 While prior compromises of our security have not had, individually or in the aggregate, a material impact on our operations and/or financial condition, the Company expects risks from cybersecurity threats, including, but not limited to, security breaches, viruses, malware, ransom attacks, other cyber-attacks, or other similar threats, to continue as events of this nature are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and the techniques used in such attacks change rapidly. Additional information on cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , which should be read in conjunction with the foregoing information. 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 We have established and implemented processes to assess, identify, and manage material cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity risk management efforts are led by our Chief Information Security Officer CISO ). We deploy technical safeguards designed to protect the Company s information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, network access control, end point protection, privileged access management, user behavior analytics, and multi-factor authentication, among others, which are evaluated and improved through vulnerability assessments and cybersecurity threat intelligence. We also perform robust security reviews of third-party software vendors prior to purchasing their software or engaging their services. We maintain a comprehensive, risk-based, third-party risk management process to identify, oversee, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks presented by third parties, including vendors, service providers, and other external users of the Company s systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. 
 Cybersecurity risks are identified and responded to by our cybersecurity team lead by our CISO. Cybersecurity incidents are managed, evaluated, investigated, and responded to in accordance with the Company s documented Cyber Incident Response Plan CIRP ). The CIRP is administered by the Cyber Incident Response Team CIRT ), which is overseen and managed by the CISO. We test and evaluate the CIRP on at least an annual basis through tabletop exercises designed to achieve incident readiness and promote cybersecurity awareness. We also from time to time engage third parties, including assessors and consultants, and our internal audit function to perform assessments, reviews, and audits on our cybersecurity measures. The results of such assessments, reviews, and audits are reported to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors as well as the CIRT. We adjust our CIRP and other cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices as necessary based on the information provided by these assessments, reviews, and audits. 
 Governance 
 Our Board of Directors, in coordination with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, oversees the Company s overall enterprise risk management process, including the management of risks arising from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our risk exposure to cybersecurity risks and the steps management has taken to monitor and control the Company s exposure to risk. Additionally, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors each receive regular presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks as well as prompt and timely information regarding any cybersecurity incident identified as significant by our CISO or Chief Privacy Officer, as required by the CIRP, and ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 On an annual basis, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors discuss the Company s approach to cybersecurity risk management, as well as our overall risk management strategy, with the members of senior leadership, which includes the Company s CISO, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. The Audit Committee also receives periodic updates on risk management and enterprise risk management, including cybersecurity, throughout the year. 
 Our CISO has over three decades of relevant experience across the information technology landscape. His work experience has included managing cybersecurity risks at large multinational companies. Reporting to our CISO and leading a team of security engineers is our Vice President, Enterprise Security, who also has decades of experience architecting and deploying secure network, system, and data center infrastructure as well as designing and deploying processes and technology platforms that are designed to protect the enterprise from cybersecurity threats. 
 In addition to board oversight and the presence of a cybersecurity team, we provide all applicable employees and contractors with cybersecurity awareness training and testing on an annual basis. We also deliver phishing exercises to all applicable employees and select contractors, as well as targeted phishing training to select employees and contractors, on a quarterly basis. Our product development teams keep current through specialized training on secure development practices for firmware, software, and hardware. Our training programs are designed to educate our employees on current cybersecurity risks and the programs we have in place that are designed to protect the Company s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company s incident response and recovery plans. To facilitate the success of the Company s cybersecurity risk management program, multidisciplinary teams throughout the Company are deployed to address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, the CISO monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents in real time and reports such threats and incidents to the Audit Committee when appropriate. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 Our general corporate offices are located in Atlanta, Georgia. Because of the diverse nature of operations and the large number of individual locations, it is neither practical nor meaningful to describe each of our operating facilities owned or leased. The following listing summarizes the significant facility categories by which reportable segment, Acuity Brands Lighting and Lighting Controls ABL or the Intelligent Spaces Group ISG ), the facility primarily benefits as of August 31, 2024: 
 ABL ISG Corporate Total Nature of Facilities Owned Leased Owned Leased Leased Owned Leased Manufacturing facilities 10 5 2 1 12 6 Warehouses 1 1 Distribution centers 2 5 2 5 Offices 5 8 3 1 5 12 Total 17 19 2 4 1 19 24 
 
 The following table provides additional geographic information related to our manufacturing facilities as of August 31, 2024: 
 United States Mexico Europe Canada Total ABL: Owned 4 5 1 10 Leased 1 2 2 5 Total 5 7 1 2 15 ISG: Owned 1 1 2 Leased 1 1 Total 1 1 1 3 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that our properties are well maintained and in good operating condition and that our properties are suitable and adequate for our present needs. Initiatives related to enhancing global operations may result in the future consolidation or addition of certain facilities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 See the Commitments and Contingencies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding our legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AYI. At October 23, 2024, there were 1,681 stockholders of record. 
 The timing, declaration, and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will depend upon many factors, including our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, results of operations, financial condition, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 The information required by this item with respect to equity compensation plans is included under the caption Equity Compensation Plans in our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. The proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On January 25, 2024, the Board of Directors (the Board authorized the repurchase of up to an additional three million shares of our common stock. Under the current share repurchase authorization, we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time at prevailing market prices, depending on market conditions, through open market or privately negotiated transactions. No date has been established for the completion of the share repurchase program, and we are not obligated to repurchase any shares. Subject to applicable corporate securities laws, repurchases may be made at such times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate. Repurchases under the program can be discontinued at any time management feels additional repurchases are not warranted. As of August 31, 2024, the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the share repurchase program authorized by the Board equaled 3.8 million shares. There were no shares repurchased during the quarter ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Company Stock Performance 
 The following information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and it will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to shareholders on our outstanding stock during the five years ended August 31, 2024, with the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor s S P Midcap 400 Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Electrical Components Equipment Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Building Materials Fixtures Index. We are a component of both the S P Midcap 400 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Building Materials Fixtures Index. The Dow Jones U.S. Electrical Components Equipment Index is included in the following graph as the parent companies of several major lighting companies are included in the index. 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Acuity Brands, Inc., the S P Midcap 400 Index, 
 the Dow Jones U.S. Electrical Components Equipment Index, 
 and the Dow Jones U.S. Building Materials Fixtures Index 

Assumes 100 invested on August 31, 2019 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Aug-19 Aug-20 Aug-21 Aug-22 Aug-23 Aug-24 Acuity Brands, Inc. 100 88 148 132 131 207 S P Midcap 400 Index 100 104 151 135 150 178 Dow Jones U.S. Electrical Components Equipment Index 100 115 167 148 180 217 Dow Jones U.S. Building Materials Fixtures Index 100 118 186 146 186 251 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The purpose of this discussion and analysis is to enhance the understanding and evaluation of the results of operations, financial position, cash flows, indebtedness, and other key financial information of Acuity Brands, Inc. (referred to herein as we, our, us, the Company, or similar references) and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included within this report. 
 A discussion of the year ended August 31, 2023 compared to the year ended August 31, 2022 can be found within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis within our fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2023. 
 
 Overview 
 Company 
 We are a market-leading industrial technology company. We use technology to solve problems in spaces and light. Through our two business segments, Acuity Brands Lighting and Lighting Controls ABL and the Intelligent Spaces Group ISG ), we design, manufacture, and bring to market products and services that make a valuable difference in people's lives. We achieve growth through the development of innovative new products and services, including lighting, lighting controls, building management solutions, and location-aware applications. 
 Financial Condition, Capital Resources, and Liquidity 
 We have numerous sources of capital, including cash on hand and cash flows generated from operations, as well as various sources of financing. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to access certain capital markets, including banks, is necessary to meet our capital allocation priorities, which are to invest in our current business for growth, to invest in mergers and acquisitions, to pay a dividend, and to make share repurchases. Sufficient cash flow generation is also critical to fund our operations in the short and long terms and to maintain compliance with covenants contained in our financing agreements. 
 Our significant contractual cash requirements as of August 31, 2024 primarily include principal and interest on our unsecured notes, accounts payable, accrued employee compensation, and operating lease liabilities. We had no borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement as of August 31, 2024. Further details on our borrowings and operating lease liabilities are outlined in the Debt and Lines of Credit and Leases footnotes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , respectively, within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Additionally, we incur purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable and legally binding. Contractual purchase obligations subsequent to August 31, 2024 include 284.4 million in fiscal 2025. Contractual purchase obligations beyond fiscal 2025 are not significant. 
 We believe that we will be able to meet our liquidity needs over the next 12 months based on our cash on hand, current projections of cash flows from operations, borrowing availability under financing arrangements, and current access to capital markets. Additionally, we believe that our cash flows from operations and sources of funding, including, but not limited to, future borrowings and borrowing capacity, will sufficiently support our long-term liquidity needs. In the event of a sustained market deterioration, we may need additional capital, which would require us to evaluate available alternatives and take appropriate actions. 
 Cash 
 Our cash position at August 31, 2024 was 845.8 million, an increase of 447.9 million from August 31, 2023. Cash generated from operating activities and cash on hand were used during the current year to fund our capital allocation priorities as discussed below. 
 We generated 619.2 million of cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2024 compared with 578.1 million in the prior-year period, an increase of 41.1 million. This increase was due primarily to higher net income in fiscal 2024, partially offset by higher working capital investments to fund profitable growth. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Arrangements 
 See the Debt and Lines of Credit footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion of the terms of our various financing arrangements, including the 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.150 senior unsecured notes due December 15, 2030 (the Unsecured Notes as well as the terms of our 600.0 million five-year unsecured revolving credit facility Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 At August 31, 2024, our outstanding debt balance was 496.2 million, which consisted solely of our Unsecured Notes, compared to our cash position of 845.8 million. We were in compliance with all covenants under our financing arrangements as of August 31, 2024. 
 At August 31, 2024, we had additional borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility of 596.2 million under the most restrictive covenant in effect at the time, which represents the full amount of the Revolving Credit Facility less outstanding letters of credit of 3.8 million issued under the facility. As of August 31, 2024, our cash on hand combined with the additional borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility totaled 1.4 billion. 
 The Unsecured Notes were issued by Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acuity Brands, Inc. The Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Acuity Brands, Inc. and ABL IP Holding LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acuity Brands, Inc. The following tables present summarized financial information for Acuity Brands, Inc., Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc., and ABL IP Holding LLC on a combined basis after the elimination of all intercompany balances and transactions between the combined group as well as any investments in non-guarantors as of the dates and during the period presented (in millions): 
 Summarized Balance Sheet Information August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Current assets 1,517.6 995.7 Current assets due from non-guarantor affiliates 338.0 326.4 Non-current assets 1,337.7 1,377.9 Current liabilities 553.2 464.2 Non-current liabilities 746.5 785.4 
 Summarized Income Statement Information Year Ended August 31, 2024 Net sales 3,146.9 Gross profit 1,447.0 Net income 407.9 
 Capital Allocation Priorities 
 Our capital allocation priorities are to invest in our current business for growth, to invest in mergers and acquisitions, to pay a dividend, and to make share repurchases. 
 Investments in Current Business for Growth 
 We invested 64.0 million and 66.7 million in property, plant, and equipment in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. We invested primarily in new and enhanced information technology, tooling, machinery, and facility improvements in fiscal 2024. 
 Strategic Acquisitions, Investments, and Divestitures 
 We seek opportunities to strategically expand and enhance our portfolio of solutions. Refer to the Acquisitions and Divestitures footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Arize Assets 
 On January 19, 2024, we acquired certain assets related to Arize horticulture lighting products from Current Lighting Solutions, LLC. The assets have been included in ABL's financial results since the date of acquisition and did not have a material impact to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 KE2 Therm 
 On May 15, 2023, using cash on hand, we acquired all of the equity interests of KE2 Therm Solutions, Inc. KE2 Therm ). KE2 Therm develops and provides intelligent refrigeration control solutions that deliver the precision of digital controls to promote safety, efficiency, and reliability, while delivering cost savings to the customer. This acquisition expanded ISG's technology and controls product portfolio and reached new customers. 
 Divestitures 
 There were no divestitures during fiscal 2024. We sold our Sunoptics prismatic skylights business in the first fiscal quarter of 2023 and recognized a pre-tax loss of 11.2 million on the sale of this business. 
 Dividends 
 We paid dividends on our common stock of 18.2 million 0.58 per share) in fiscal 2024 and 16.8 million 0.52 per share) in fiscal 2023. All decisions regarding the declaration and payment of dividends are at the discretion of the Board of Directors (the Board and are evaluated regularly in light of our financial condition, earnings, growth prospects, funding requirements, applicable law, and any other factors the Board deems relevant. 
 Share Repurchases 
 During fiscal 2024, we repurchased 0.5 million shares of our outstanding common stock for 87.8 million. Total cash outflows for share repurchases during fiscal 2024 were 88.7 million. During fiscal 2023, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of our outstanding common stock for 269.3 million. Total cash outflows for share repurchases during fiscal 2023 were 266.6 million. We expect to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis subject to various factors including stock price, Company performance, market conditions, and other possible uses of cash. 
 On January 25, 2024, the Board approved an increase of three million shares to the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the share repurchase program. As of August 31, 2024, the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the share repurchase program authorized by the Board equaled 3.8 million shares. 
 Recent Developments 
 On October 24, 2024, Acuity Brands Technology Services, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Acuity Brands, Inc. entered into an equity purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement to acquire QSC, LLC QSC ), a leader in the design, engineering, and manufacturing of audio, video, and control solutions and services. Refer to the Subsequent Event footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion of our results of operations in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. A discussion of our fiscal 2023 results of operations compared to fiscal 2022 can be found within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within our fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2023. 
 The following table sets forth information comparing the components of net income for the year ended August 31, 2024 with the year ended August 31, 2023 (in millions except per share data): 
 Year Ended August 31, Increase Percent 2024 2023 (Decrease) Change Net sales 3,841.0 3,952.2 (111.2) (2.8) Cost of products sold 2,059.3 2,239.0 (179.7) (8.0) Gross profit 1,781.7 1,713.2 68.5 4.0 Percent of net sales 46.4 43.3 310 bps Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses 1,228.4 1,212.9 15.5 1.3 Special charges 26.9 (26.9) NM Operating profit 553.3 473.4 79.9 16.9 Percent of net sales 14.4 12.0 240 bps Other expense: Interest (income) expense, net (4.5) 18.9 (23.4) (123.8) Miscellaneous expense, net 9.2 7.8 1.4 17.9 Total other expense 4.7 26.7 (22.0) (82.4) Income before income taxes 548.6 446.7 101.9 22.8 Percent of net sales 14.3 11.3 300 bps Income tax expense 126.0 100.7 25.3 25.1 Effective tax rate 23.0 22.5 Net income 422.6 346.0 76.6 22.1 Diluted earnings per share 13.44 10.76 2.68 24.9 NM - not meaningful 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales of 3.84 billion for the year ended August 31, 2024 decreased by 111.2 million, or 2.8 , compared with the prior-year period due to a decline in sales within our ABL segment, partially offset by higher sales within our ISG segment. Acquisitions and divestitures did not have material impacts on consolidated net sales for the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended August 31, 2024 increased 68.5 million, or 4.0 , to 1.78 billion compared with 1.71 billion for the prior year. Gross profit margin increased 310 basis points to 46.4 for fiscal 2024 compared with 43.3 in the prior-year period. Our gross profit increased compared with the prior year due primarily to favorable material and import costs, which more than offset the lower net sales and higher production costs. Additionally in fiscal 2023, we recognized a 13.0 million charge resulting from the collectability of a supplier warranty obligation owed to us for components we used in products manufactured and sold between 2017 and 2019. 
 Operating Profit 
 Selling, distribution, and administrative SD A expenses for the year ended August 31, 2024 were 1.23 billion compared with 1.21 billion in the prior year, an increase of 15.5 million, or 1.3 . The increase in SD A expenses was due primarily to higher employee-related costs, partially offset by lower commissions and freight costs associated with the decline in net sales. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We recognized special charges of 26.9 million during fiscal year 2023. Please refer to the Special Charges footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Operating profit for the year ended August 31, 2024 was 553.3 million (14.4 of net sales) compared with 473.4 million (12.0 of net sales) for the prior fiscal year, an increase of 79.9 million, or 16.9 . The increase in operating profit was due primarily to higher gross profit and nonrecurring fiscal 2023 special charges, partially offset by higher SD A expenses. 
 Interest (Income) Expense, net 
 We reported net interest income of 4.5 million and net interest expense of 18.9 million for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net interest income was due to higher interest bearing cash and cash equivalent balances, higher investing rates on those balances, and lower average short-term borrowings outstanding compared to the prior year. 
 Miscellaneous Expense, net 
 Miscellaneous expense, net consists of gains and losses associated with foreign currency-related transactions, non-operating gains and losses, and non-service components of net periodic pension cost. 
 We reported net miscellaneous expense of 9.2 million in fiscal 2024 compared with 7.8 million in fiscal 2023. This year-over-year change was due primarily to the impact of foreign currency-related items compared to the prior year. This increase in expense was partially offset by the recognition in the prior year of an 11.2 million loss on the sale of our Sunoptics prismatic skylights business and an impairment charge of 2.5 million for one unconsolidated equity investment. 
 The details of the Sunoptics sale are described in the Acquisitions and Divestitures footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . The details of the equity investment impairment charge are included in the Fair Value Measurements footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 Income Taxes and Net Income 
 Our effective income tax rate was 23.0 and 22.5 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Further details regarding income taxes are included in the Income Taxes footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 Net income for fiscal 2024 increased 76.6 million, or 22.1 , to 422.6 million from 346.0 million reported for the prior year. Diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2024 was 13.44 compared with 10.76 for the prior-year period, an increase of 2.68, or 24.9 . This increase reflects higher net income as well as lower outstanding diluted shares. 
 
 Segment Results 
 The following table sets forth information comparing the operating results of our segments, ABL and ISG, for the year ended August 31, 2024 with the year ended August 31, 2023 (in millions): 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Percent Change ABL: Net sales 3,573.4 3,722.8 (149.4) (4.0) Operating profit 582.8 509.5 73.3 14.4 Operating profit margin 16.3 13.7 260 bps ISG: Net sales 291.9 252.7 39.2 15.5 Operating profit 43.6 32.1 11.5 35.8 Operating profit margin 14.9 12.7 220 bps 
 ABL net sales for the year ended August 31, 2024 decreased 4.0 compared with the prior-year period due to lower net sales across all channels, excluding corporate accounts. Net sales in fiscal 2023 benefited from working through an elevated backlog. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Operating profit for ABL was 582.8 million (16.3 of ABL net sales) for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to 509.5 million (13.7 of ABL net sales) in the prior year, an increase of 73.3 million. The increase in operating profit was due primarily to improved profitability on lower sales as well as lower sales-related costs, such as commissions and freight to customers. This improved profitability was partially offset by higher employee-related costs. Additionally, in fiscal 2023, we recorded special charges for ABL of 25.0 million, charges related to the collectability of a supplier receivable of 13.0 million, and accelerated amortization expense for intangibles associated with certain brands that were discontinued of 4.0 million. 
 ISG net sales for the year ended August 31, 2024 increased 15.5 compared with the prior-year period primarily driven by higher demand for Distech products and the acquisition of KE2 Therm. ISG operating profit was 43.6 million (14.9 of ISG net sales) for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared with 32.1 million (12.7 of ISG net sales) in the prior-year period, an increase of 11.5 million. This increase was due primarily to contributions from higher sales, partially offset by increased employee-related costs and professional fees. 
 
 Accounting Standards Adopted in Fiscal 2024 and Accounting Standards Yet to Be Adopted 
 See the New Accounting Pronouncements footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on recently adopted and upcoming standards. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations addresses the financial condition and results of operations as reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). As discussed in the Description of Business and Basis of Presentation footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , the preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on our substantial historical experience and/or other relevant factors, such as projections of future performance, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We discuss the development of accounting estimates with our Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on a recurring basis. See the Significant Accounting Policies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our accounting policies. 
 We believe the following accounting topics represent our critical accounting estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when we transfer control of goods and services to our customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for goods and services. In the period of revenue recognition, we estimate and record provisions for rebates, sales incentives, product returns, and discounts to customers, in most instances, as reductions of revenue. 
 We also maintain one-time or on-going marketing and trade-promotion programs with certain customers that require us to estimate and accrue the expected costs of such programs. Generally, these provisions are recorded as reductions of revenue and are estimated based on customer agreements, historical trends, expected demand, or specific notification of pending returns. Although historical experience has generally been within expectations, there can be no assurance that future rebates, sales incentives, product returns, discounts, marketing and trade-promotion programs will not exceed historical amounts. A significant increase in these activities could have a material adverse impact on our operating results in the future. 
 Please refer to the Revenue Recognition footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, including financial balances, regarding estimates related to revenue recognition. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories include materials, direct labor, inbound freight, customs, duties, tariffs, and related manufacturing overhead. Inventories are stated on a first-in, first-out basis at the lower of cost and net realizable value. We review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess or obsolete inventory primarily based on estimated future demand and current market conditions. Although our historical experience related to demand and market conditions has been within expectations, a significant change in customer demand, market conditions, or technology 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 could render certain inventory obsolete and thus could have a material adverse impact on our operating results in the period the change occurs. 
 Please refer to the Significant Accounting Policies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill is calculated as the residual value of an acquisition's purchase price less the value of the identifiable net assets and is thus dependent on the appropriate identification and valuation of the net assets obtained in an acquisition. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of acquired trade names that are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. Significant estimates and assumptions were used to both identify and determine the initial fair value of these acquired intangible assets, often with the assistance of third-party valuation specialists. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, estimated future net sales and profitability, royalty rates, and discount rates. 
 We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of the first date of our fiscal fourth quarter (June 1) or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change, such as a significant adverse change in our business climate, that would more likely than not indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived asset is below its carrying value. 
 For our annual impairment tests, we may elect to perform a qualitative assessment of our goodwill and/or indefinite-lived intangibles as allowed under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment occurred. If we determine that an asset is more likely than not impaired, we perform a quantitative impairment assessment for that asset. Alternatively, we may elect to forego the qualitative assessment. An impairment loss for goodwill is recognized in the event a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value and for an indefinite-lived intangible asset in the event the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value. 
 An assessment of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment considers the use of significant judgments and estimates in accordance with U.S. GAAP including, but not limited to, economic, industry, and Company-specific qualitative factors, projected future net sales, operating results, and cash flows. Under a quantitative assessment, fair values for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are estimated using discounted future cash flows or another appropriate fair value method. We currently believe that the estimates used in the evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are reasonable, including our calculations of fiscal 2024 trade name impairment charges described below. However, future differences between actual and expected net sales, operating results, and cash flows and/or changes in the discount rates, or theoretical royalty rates for indefinite-lived intangible assets, used could require us to record additional non-cash impairment charges to earnings for the write-down in the value of such assets. Such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position but not our cash flows from operations. 
 Goodwill 
 As of June 1, 2024, the current fiscal year testing date, we performed a qualitative analysis to assess goodwill for impairment. Our qualitative analysis considered and assessed external factors for each reporting unit such as macroeconomic, industry, cost, and market conditions as well as Company-specific factors, including but not limited to, our actual and planned financial performance. Based on the results of our analysis, we determined there was not a more likely than not probability of impairment for each of our three reporting units. Thus, no quantitative test was required for our 1.1 billion of goodwill. 
 We last performed a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis in fiscal 2023 and concluded that any reasonably likely change in the assumptions used in those analyses, including revenue growth rates, discount rates, longer term growth rates, or relevant multiples would not cause the carrying value of any reporting unit to exceed its estimated fair value. See the Significant Accounting Policies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 As of June 1, 2024, the current fiscal year testing date, we held eight indefinite-lived intangible assets with an aggregate carrying value of 135.5 million. For fiscal 2024, we performed a qualitative analysis to assess our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. Our qualitative analysis considered and assessed external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, cost, and market conditions as well as asset-specific factors, such as each trade 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 name's actual and planned financial performance. Based on the results of our analysis, we determined there was not a more likely than not probability of impairment for seven of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, and no quantitative test for these assets was required. We last performed a quantitative analysis in fiscal 2023 for these seven trade names and concluded that any reasonably likely change in the assumptions used in those analyses, including revenue growth rates, discount rates, long-term growth rates, or implied royalty rates would not result in an impairment. 
 In the fourth quarter, management committed to a plan to rebrand certain products in ABL's portfolio. We determined this plan adversely impacted one trade name. Therefore, we performed a quantitative analysis to compare the fair value of this trade name with its carrying value. We estimated the fair value of this indefinite-lived trade name using the relief-from-royalty method, a fair value model based on discounted future cash flows. Our assumptions in valuing the trade name primarily reflected a projected decline in revenues generated by the trade name due to management s planned reduction in future use of the asset. We additionally considered other inputs, including theoretical royalty rates and discount rates, in valuing the asset. Based on the results of this assessment, we recorded an impairment charge of 3.0 million for one indefinite-lived trade name asset within Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income related to our ABL segment. Any reasonably likely change in the assumptions used in the analysis for the trade name would not be material to our financial conditions or results of operations. 
 See the Significant Accounting Policies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding the assumptions used and results of our annual impairment tests for the periods presented. 
 Product Warranty Costs 
 We accrue for the estimated amount of future warranty costs when the related revenue is recognized and when costs are deemed to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities related to product warranty costs are subject to uncertainty because they require estimates of future costs. Estimated future warranty costs are primarily based on historical experience, including the number and costs of identified warranty claims as well as the period of time between the shipment of products and our settlement of related claims. 
 We are fully self-insured for product warranty costs. Although we assume that historical experience will continue to be the best indicator of future warranty costs, we cannot assure that future warranty costs will not exceed historical amounts. If actual future warranty costs exceed recorded amounts, additional accruals may be required, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flow. 
 See the Commitments and Contingencies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, including financial balances, on our estimates of liabilities for product warranty costs. 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information 
 This filing contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Act ). Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements that describe or relate to the Company s plans, initiatives, projections, vision, goals, targets, commitments, expectations, objectives, prospects, strategies, or financial outlook, and the assumptions underlying or relating thereto. In some cases, we may use words such as expect, believe, intend, anticipate, estimate, forecast, indicate, project, predict, plan, may, will, could, should, would, potential, and words of similar meaning, as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions, or circumstances, to identify forward-looking statements. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Act. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Our forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions, which may not prove to be accurate, and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual events or results to differ materially from our historical experience and management s present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including, but not limited to, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors ), quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect any events or circumstances after the date of this quarterly report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 General 
 We are exposed to worldwide market risks that may impact our Consolidated Balance Sheets , Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income , Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity due primarily to changing interest and foreign exchange rates. We do not currently engage in significant commodity hedging transactions for raw materials. The following discussion provides additional information regarding our market risks. 
 Interest Rates 
 Interest rate fluctuations expose variable-rate debt of the organization to changes in interest expense and cash flows. As of August 31, 2024, our long-term debt consisted primarily of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes. A fluctuation in interest rates would not affect interest expense or cash flows related to the Company s fixed-rate debt. However, a 10 increase in market interest rates at August 31, 2024 would have decreased the estimated fair value of our senior unsecured notes by approximately 11.7 million. As of August 31, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding on our credit facility. Interest incurred on these borrowings is not significant to our overall results of operations or cash flows. See the Debt and Lines of Credit footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Foreign Exchange Rates 
 The majority of our net sales, expense, and capital purchases are transacted in U.S. dollars. Our primary exposure with respect to foreign exchange rate fluctuation exists due to the translation of foreign operations' results into U.S. Dollars, with our largest exposures in Mexico and Canada, and, to a lesser extent, in Europe. Based on fiscal 2024 performance, a hypothetical depreciation of 10 in the value of the Canadian dollar in relation to the U.S. dollar would negatively impact operating profit by approximately 8.6 million, while a hypothetical 10 appreciation in the value of the Canadian dollar in relation to the U.S. dollar would favorably impact operating profit by approximately 10.5 million. In addition to products and services sold in Mexico, a significant portion of the goods sold in the United States are manufactured in Mexico. A hypothetical 10 decrease in the value of the Mexican peso in relation to the U.S. dollar would favorably impact operating profit by approximately 22.0 million, while a hypothetical 10 increase in the value of the Mexican peso in relation to the U.S. dollar would negatively impact operating profit by approximately 26.9 million. The individual impacts to the operating profit of hypothetical currency fluctuations in the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso have been calculated assuming no changes to functional currency amounts and in isolation from any potential responses to address such exchange rate changes in our foreign markets. 
 Our exposure to foreign currency risk related to our operations in Europe is immaterial and has been excluded from this analysis. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 31 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 32 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 38 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 
 Note 1 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 39 
 Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies 
 40 
 Note 3 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 49 
 Note 4 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 49 
 Note 5 Fair Value Measurements 
 50 
 Note 6 Leases 
 51 
 Note 7 Debt and Lines of Credit 
 53 
 Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies 
 54 
 Note 9 Segment Information 
 55 
 Note 10 Revenue Recognition 
 57 
 Note 11 Share-based Payments 
 59 
 Note 12 Pension and Defined Contribution Plans 
 64 
 Note 13 Special Charges 
 69 
 Note 14 Common Stock and Related Matters 
 70 
 Note 15 Income Taxes 
 72 
 Note 16 Supplemental Disaggregated Information 
 74 
 Note 17 Subsequent Event 
 75 

30 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 The management of Acuity Brands, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) . Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of August 31, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on its audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This report dated October 28, 2024 is included within this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ NEIL M. ASHE /s/ KAREN J. HOLCOM Neil M. Ashe Chairman, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Karen J. Holcom Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Acuity Brands, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Acuity Brands, Inc. (the Company) as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated October 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Product Warranty Costs 
 Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements, the liabilities for product warranty costs amount to 37.5 million at August 31, 2024. The Company accrues for the estimated amount of future warranty costs when the related revenue is recognized. Estimated costs for product warranty costs are accrued when probable and estimable. 
 
 Auditing these liabilities is complex due to the uncertainty inherent in the estimates used by management to calculate the liability balances. Management s cost estimates consider historical experience, including the number and costs of identified warranty claims as well as the period of time between the shipment of products and the settlement of related claims. In addition, the liabilities are sensitive to significant management assumptions, including the expectation that historical experience will continue to be the best indicator of future warranty costs. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s product warranty costs process. We tested internal controls over management s estimates for the product warranty costs. Our audit also included the evaluation of controls that address the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized in calculating the estimates. 
 Our audit procedures related to product warranty costs also included, among others, evaluating the Company s estimation methodology and the related significant assumptions, including testing the historical data used in the Company s estimation methodology. Furthermore, we performed sensitivity analyses on the cost estimates to evaluate the significant judgments made by management, and the impact on the liability from changes in assumptions. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 

October 28, 2024 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Acuity Brands, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Acuity Brands, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Acuity Brands, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated October 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 October 28, 2024 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except per-share data) 
 August 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less reserve for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepayments and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current operating lease liabilities Accrued compensation Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Accrued pension liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Commitments and Contingencies footnote) 
 par value per share; shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and issued, respectively 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions, except per-share data) 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net sales Cost of products sold Gross profit Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses Special charges Operating profit Other expense: Interest (income) expense, net ) Miscellaneous expense (income), net ) Total other expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share (1) : 
 Basic earnings per share Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding Dividends declared per share Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income items, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Defined benefit plans, net of tax Other comprehensive (loss) income items, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based payment expense Gain on the sale or disposal of property, plant, and equipment ) Asset impairments Loss on sale of a business Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepayments and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Other operating activities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments on credit facility, net of borrowings ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises and other Payments of taxes withheld on net settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Income taxes paid Interest paid 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 Common Stock Outstanding Shares (1) 
 Amount Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Items Treasury Stock, at cost Total Balance, August 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Share-based payment amortization, issuances, and cancellations Employee stock purchase plan issuances Cash dividends of per share paid on common stock 
 ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance, August 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Share-based payment amortization, issuances, and cancellations Employee stock purchase plan issuances Cash dividends of per share paid on common stock 
 ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance, August 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Share-based payment amortization, issuances, and cancellations Employee stock purchase plan issuances Cash dividends of per share paid on common stock 
 ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance, August 31, 2024 ) ) 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

business segments, Acuity Brands Lighting and Lighting Controls ABL and the Intelligent Spaces Group ISG ), we design, manufacture, and bring to market products and services that make a valuable difference in people's lives. We achieve growth through the development of innovative new products and services, including lighting, lighting controls, building management systems, and location-aware applications. 
 ABL Segment 
 Our ABL strategy is to increase product vitality, elevate service levels, use technology to improve and differentiate both our products and how we operate the business, and drive productivity. ABL's portfolio of lighting solutions includes commercial, architectural, and specialty lighting in addition to lighting controls and components that can be combined to create integrated lighting controls systems. We offer devices such as luminaires that predominantly utilize light emitting diode LED technology designed to optimize energy efficiency and comfort for various indoor and outdoor applications. ABL's portfolio of products includes but is not limited to the following brands: A-Light TM , Aculux TM , American Electric Lighting , Cyclone TM , Dark to Light , eldoLED , Eureka , Gotham , Healthcare Lighting , Holophane , Hydrel , IOTA , Juno , Lithonia Lighting , Luminaire LED TM , Luminis , Mark Architectural Lighting TM , nLight , OPTOTRONIC , Peerless , RELOC Wiring Solutions, and SensorSwitch TM . 
 Principal customers of ABL include electrical distributors, retail home improvement centers, electric utilities, corporate accounts, original equipment manufacturer OEM customers, digital retailers, lighting showrooms, and energy service companies. Our customers are located in North America and select international markets that serve new construction, renovation and retrofit, and maintenance and repair applications. ABL's lighting and lighting controls solutions are sold primarily through a network of independent sales agencies that cover specific geographic areas and market channels, by internal sales representatives, through consumer retail channels, directly to large corporate accounts, and directly to OEM customers. Products are delivered primarily through a network of distribution centers as well as directly from our manufacturing facilities using both common carriers and an internally-managed truck fleet. 
 ISG Segment 
 Our ISG strategy is to make spaces smarter, safer, and greener by connecting the edge to the cloud. ISG offers building management solutions and building management software. Our building management solutions include products for controlling heating, ventilation, air conditioning HVAC ), lighting, shades, refrigeration, and building access that deliver end-to-end optimization of those building systems. Our intelligent building management software enhances the occupant experience, improves building system management, and automates labor intensive tasks while delivering operational energy efficiency and cost reductions. Through a connected and converged building system architecture, our software delivers different applications, allows clients to upgrade over time with natural refresh cycles, and deploys new capabilities. Customers of ISG primarily include system integrators as well as retail stores, airports, and enterprise campuses throughout North America and select international locations. ISG products and solutions are marketed under multiple brand names, including but not limited to, Atrius and Distech Controls . 
 Basis of Presentation 

39 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 2 
 Use of Estimates 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 No single customer accounted for more than 10 of receivables at August 31, 2024. One customer accounted for of receivables at August 31, 2023. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of net sales in fiscal 2024, 2023, or 2022. 
 Reclassifications 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and consist of the following as of the dates presented (in millions): 
 August 31, 2024 2023 Raw materials, supplies, and work in process (1) 
 Finished goods Inventories excluding reserves Less: Reserves ) ) Total inventories 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Due to the immaterial amount of estimated work in process and the short lead times for the conversion of raw materials to finished goods, we do not believe the segregation of raw materials and work in process is meaningful information. 
 
 Additions to reserve Disposals of reserved inventory ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 have any assets classified as held for sale at August 31, 2024 or August 31, 2023. 
 During the year ended August 31, 2022, we sold building classified as held for sale at August 31, 2021 with a total carrying value of million for a gain of approximately million. This gain is reflected in Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses within our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Additions from acquired businesses Adjustments to provisional amounts from acquired businesses ) ) Derecognitions for divestitures ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2023 Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance as of August 31, 2024 
 Through multiple acquisitions, we acquired definite-lived intangible assets that are amortized over their estimated useful lives as well as indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of trade names that are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. Significant estimates and assumptions were used to determine the initial fair value of these acquired intangible assets, including estimated future short-term and long-term net sales and profitability, customer attrition rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. Certain of our intangible assets are attributable to foreign operations and are impacted by currency translation due to movements in foreign currency rates year over year. 
 ) ) Trademarks and trade names ) ) Distribution networks ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Total definite-lived intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived trade names 
 We recorded amortization expense of million, million, and million related to acquired intangible assets during fiscal 2024, 2023 , and 2022, respectively. Amortization expense is generally recorded on a straight-line basis. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reporting units. Thus, no quantitative test was required for our billion of goodwill. 
 In fiscal 2023 and 2022, we used a quantitative analysis to calculate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of discounted future cash flows and relevant market multiples. The analysis for goodwill did t result in an impairment charge during fiscal 2023, or 2022. 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangibles 
 As of June 1, 2024, the current fiscal year testing date, we held indefinite-lived intangible assets with an aggregate carrying value of million. For fiscal 2024, we performed a qualitative analysis to assess our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. Our qualitative analysis considered and assessed external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, cost, and market conditions as well as asset-specific factors, such as each trade name's actual and planned financial performance. Based on the results of our analyses, we determined there was not a more likely than not probability of impairment for of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, and no quantitative test for these assets was required. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, management committed to a plan to rebrand certain products in ABL's portfolio. We determined this plan adversely impacted trade name. Therefore, we performed a quantitative analysis to compare the fair value of this trade name with its carrying value. We estimated the fair value of this indefinite-lived trade name using the relief-from-royalty method, a fair value model based on discounted future cash flows. Our assumptions in valuing the trade name primarily reflected a projected decline in revenues generated by the trade name due to management s planned reduction in future use of the asset. We additionally considered other inputs, including theoretical royalty rates and discount rates, in valuing the asset. Based on the results of the indefinite-lived intangible asset analyses for fiscal 2024, we recorded an impairment charge of million for indefinite-lived trade name asset within Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income related to our ABL segment. Any reasonably likely change in the assumptions used in the analysis for the trade name would not be material to the impairment charge recorded or to our financial conditions or results of operations. 
 In fiscal 2023, we recorded an impairment charge of million for trade names within Special Charges in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income related to our ABL segment. We also determined of these trade names no longer had indefinite lives. These trade names were classified as definite-lived as of June 1, 2023 and are amortized over years. The impairment analyses for fiscal 2023 of the other indefinite-lived intangible assets indicated that their fair values exceeded their carrying values. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Investments in debt and equity securities Pensions plans in which plan assets exceed benefit obligation Total other long-term assets 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Estimated recoveries of warranty costs, net of estimated credit losses, expected to be recovered greater than one year from the respective balance sheet dates are included in this category. 
 (2) Included within this category are company-owned life insurance investments. We maintain life insurance policies on former employees primarily to satisfy obligations under certain deferred compensation plans. These company-owned life insurance policies are presented net of loans that are secured by these policies. This program is frozen, and no new policies were issued in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024. 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 Refunds to customers (1) 
 Current deferred revenues (1) 
 Sales commissions Freight costs Product warranty costs (2) 
 Tax-related items (3) 
 Interest on long-term debt (4) 
 Other Total other current liabilities 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) Refer to the Revenue Recognition footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (2) Refer to the Commitments and Contingencies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (3) Includes accruals for income, property, sales and use, and value added taxes. 
 (4) Refer to the Debt and Lines of Credit footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deferred revenues (2) 
 Unrecognized tax position liabilities, including interest (3) 
 Product warranty costs (4) 
 Other Total other long-term liabilities ____________________________________ 
 (1) We maintain several non-qualified retirement plans for the benefit of eligible employees, primarily deferred compensation plans. The deferred compensation plans provide for elective deferrals of an eligible employee s compensation and, in some cases, matching contributions by the organization. We maintain life insurance policies on certain former officers and other key employees as a means of satisfying a portion of these obligations. 
 (2) Refer to the Revenue Recognition footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (3) Refer to the Income Taxes footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (4) Refer to the Commitments and Contingencies footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs 
 and totaled million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Share-based Payments 
 We recorded million, million, and million of share-based payment expense for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized for share-based payment expense was million, million, and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Excess tax benefits and/or expense related to share-based payment awards are reported within Income tax expense on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . We recognized net excess tax benefits related 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million, and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 See the Share-based Payments footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 to years for buildings and related improvements and to years for machinery, equipment, and information technology) for financial reporting purposes. Accelerated depreciation methods are used for income tax purposes. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement . Land is not depreciated. Depreciation expense amounted to million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery, equipment, and information technology Total property, plant, and equipment, at cost Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Research and Development 
 R D expense amounted to million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 , and 2022, respectively. 
 Advertising 
 These costs totaled million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 , and 2022, respectively. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest income (2) 
 ) ) ) Interest (income) expense, net ) Miscellaneous expense (income), net Non-service components of net periodic pension cost ) Foreign currency transaction losses (gains) ) ) Loss on sale of business (3) 
 Other items ) ) Miscellaneous expense (income), net ) Other expense 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) Consists primarily of interest expense on long-term debt, line of credit borrowings, and loans that are secured by and presented net of company-owned life insurance policies on our Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 (2) Certain cash and cash equivalents are held in interest-bearing accounts. 
 (3) We recorded a loss on the sale of our Sunoptics prismatic skylights business in fiscal 2023. Refer to Acquisitions and Divestitures footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 Income Taxes 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Comprehensive Income 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Balance as of August 31, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2024 ) ) ) 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) The before tax amounts of the defined benefit pension plan items are included in net periodic pension cost. See the Pension and Defined Contribution Plans footnote for additional details.) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Actuarial amounts ) Amortization of defined benefit pension items: Prior service cost ) ) Actuarial losses ) ) ) Settlement losses ) Total defined benefit plans, net ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 3 
 
 Note 4 
 acquisitions during fiscal 2024 or 2022. The million of cash outflows reflected in the fiscal 2022 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows relate to fiscal 2021 acquisitions primarily for working capital settlements. 
 Fiscal 2023 Acquisitions 
 On May 15, 2023, using cash on hand, we acquired all of the equity interests of KE2 Therm Solutions, Inc. KE2 Therm ). KE2 Therm develops and provides intelligent refrigeration control solutions that deliver the precision of digital controls to promote safety, efficiency, and reliability, while delivering cost savings to the customer. This acquisition expanded ISG's technology and controls product portfolio and reached new customers. 
 We accounted for the acquisition of KE2 Therm in accordance with ASC Topic 805 , Business Combinations ASC 805 ). We finalized the acquisition accounting for the KE2 Therm acquisition during the third quarter of fiscal 2024. There were no material measurement period adjustments during fiscal 2024. 
 Acquired assets and liabilities were recorded at their estimated acquisition-date fair values. Acquisition-related costs were expensed as incurred and were not material to our financial statements. The aggregate purchase price of this acquisition reflects goodwill within the ISG segment of million, which is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill was comprised of expected benefits related to expanding ISG's technology and controls product portfolio as well as the trained workforce acquired with these businesses and expected synergies from combining KE2 Therm with our current businesses. 
 We additionally recorded gross intangible assets of million, which reflects estimates for definite-lived intangibles with an estimated weighted average useful life of approximately years. 
 The operating results of KE2 Therm have been included in our financial statements since the date of acquisition and 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, which primarily consisted of intangibles with definite lives, inventories, and allocated goodwill from the ABL segment. We recognized a pre-tax loss on the sale of million within Miscellaneous expense (income), net on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . Additionally, during fiscal 2023 we recorded impairment charges for certain retained assets as well as associate severance and other costs related to the sale. These items are included within Special charges on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . See the Special Charges footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 5 
 Other financial instruments Assets in fair value hierarchy Other investments (1) 
 Total 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) Includes strategic investments in privately-held entities over which we do not exercise significant influence or control without readily determinable fair values. Amounts are recorded at cost less any impairment adjusted for observable price changes, if any. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, management committed to a plan to rebrand certain products in ABL's portfolio, which resulted in an impairment charge of million for indefinite-lived trade name asset. This amount is recorded within Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million that is accounted for under ASC 320, Investments Debt Securities using discounted cash flows based on rates of similar instruments (Level 2). During the year ended August 31, 2023, we recorded an allowance for credit loss for this investment for its full cost basis. This credit loss reflected a decline in the underlying company's financial condition and long-term prospects, which included a suspension of dividend payments owed to us as well as a significant market decline in its publicly traded securities, including similar preferred equities. This impairment charge is reflected in Miscellaneous expense (income), net for the year ended August 31, 2023 within our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Accrued interest related to this investment was not material to our financial statements. 
 Disclosures of Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Disclosures of fair value information about financial instruments, for which it is practicable to estimate that value, are required each reporting period in addition to any financial instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis as prescribed by ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments ASC 825 ). In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. 
 Fair value for our outstanding debt obligations is estimated based on discounted future cash flows using rates currently available for debt of similar terms and maturity (Level 2). Our senior unsecured public notes are carried at the outstanding balance, net of unamortized bond discount and deferred costs, as of the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of our senior unsecured public notes was million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We had short-term borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility as of August 31, 2024 and 2023. These borrowings are variable-rate instruments that reset on a frequent short-term basis; therefore, we estimate that any outstanding carrying values of these instruments, which are equal to their face amounts, approximate their fair values. See Debt and Lines of Credit footnote for further details on our outstanding borrowings. 
 ASC 825 excludes certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not represent the underlying value to us. In many cases, the fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets, nor can the disclosed value be realized in immediate settlement of the instruments. In evaluating our management of liquidity and other risks, the fair values of all assets and liabilities should be taken into consideration, not only those presented in this footnote. 
 
 Note 6 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Discount due to interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 The weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases was as of August 31, 2024. 
 Lease cost is recorded within Cost of products sold, and may be capitalized into inventory as manufacturing overhead, or Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income based on the primary use of the related right of use ROU asset. 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities during the year ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was million, million, and million, respectively. ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities during the year ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 We have no significant leases that have not yet commenced as of August 31, 2024 that create significant rights and obligations. 
 We have subleased certain properties. Lease income from these subleases is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income as it is earned and is not material to our consolidated results of operations. We do not have any other significant transactions in which we are the lessor. 
 In connection with our fiscal 2023 sale of our Sunoptics prismatic skylights, we retained certain assets, primarily ROU assets, that we did not plan to continue using in our manufacturing operations. Accordingly, we assessed the recoverability of these assets using an undiscounted cash flow model and concluded that the carrying values of the assets were not fully recoverable, which triggered an impairment test for these assets. We recorded an impairment charge of million within for these assets using a discounted cash flow model to estimate their fair values in fiscal 2023. The impairments were recorded within Special charges in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and pertained to our ABL segment. See the Special Charges footnote of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on the fiscal 2023 impairments. The recoverability and impairment tests required significant assumptions including estimated future cash flows, the identification of assets within each asset group, and the determination of an appropriate discount rate. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 7 
 Senior unsecured public notes due December 2030, unamortized discount and deferred costs ) ) Total debt 
 Long-term Debt 
 On November 10, 2020, Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due December 15, 2030 (the Unsecured Notes at a price equal to of their face value. Interest on the Unsecured Notes is paid semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year. We recorded million of deferred issuance costs related to the Unsecured Notes as a direct deduction from the face amount of the Unsecured Notes. These issuance costs are amortized over the term of the Unsecured Notes. 
 The Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Acuity Brands, Inc. and ABL IP Holding LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acuity Brands, Inc. 
 Lines of Credit 
 On June 30, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks that provides us with a million unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with the ability to request an additional million of borrowing capacity. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility uses the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the applicable benchmark for U.S. Dollar borrowings and an applicable benchmark rate for non-U.S. Dollar borrowings as defined in the Credit Agreement. The applicable margin pricing grid mechanics are based on the better of our public credit ratings or our net leverage ratio and range from to for base rate borrowings and from to for floating rate advances. We are also required to pay certain fees in connection with the Credit Agreement, including administrative service fees and annual facility fees, which range from to of the aggregate million remaining commitment of the lenders under the Credit Agreement. 
 The Credit Agreement contains a leverage ratio covenant Maximum Leverage Ratio of total indebtedness to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ), as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement. These ratios are computed at the end of each fiscal quarter for the most recent 12-month period. The Credit Agreement generally allows for a Maximum Leverage Ratio of (subject to temporary increase to in the event of a significant acquisition) and allows netting of all unrestricted cash and cash equivalents against debt. 
 We had short-term borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Agreement as of August 31, 2024. At August 31, 2024, we had additional borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement of million under the most restrictive covenant in effect at the time, which represents the full amount of the Revolving Credit Facility less outstanding letters of credit of million issued under the Revolving Credit Facility, primarily for securing collateral requirements under our casualty insurance premiums. 
 None of our existing debt instruments include provisions that would require an acceleration of repayments based solely on changes in our credit ratings. Borrowings and repayments on our Revolving Credit Facility with terms of three months or less are reported on a net basis on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows . 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 8 
 of our total work force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Collective bargaining agreements representing approximately of our work force will expire within , primarily due to annual negotiations of union contracts in Mexico. 
 Litigation 
 We are subject to various other legal claims arising in the normal course of business, including without limitation, patent infringement, contract disputes, employment matters, and product liability claims. Based on information currently available, it is the opinion of management that the ultimate resolution of pending and threatened legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of any such matters, if unfavorable, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods. We establish estimated liabilities for legal claims when associated costs become probable and can be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be substantially higher than the amounts accrued for such claims. However, we cannot make a meaningful estimate of actual costs to be incurred that could possibly be higher or lower than the accrued amounts. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

that assure our products comply with agreed upon specifications. We record an accrual for the estimated amount of future warranty costs in accordance with ASC Topic 450, Contingencies ASC 450 when the related revenue is recognized and when costs are deemed to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities related to product warranty costs are subject to uncertainty because they require estimates of future costs. Estimated future warranty costs are primarily based on historical experience, including the number and costs of identified warranty claims as well as the period of time between the shipment of products and our settlement of related claims. Any estimated or actual loss recoveries that offset our costs and payments are reflected as assets and included within Other current assets or Other long-term assets based on the timing of receipt of recovery. Recoveries are recorded net of allowances for credit losses. 
 Although we assume that historical experience will continue to be the best indicator of future warranty costs, we cannot assure that future warranty costs will not exceed historical amounts, and/or loss recoveries will not be fully collectible. If actual future warranty costs exceed recorded amounts, or recoveries are no longer collectible, adjustments to our accruals and/or receivables may be warranted, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Product warranty costs (1) 
 Payments and other deductions (1) 
 ) ) ) Ending balance 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Amounts exclude any estimated or actual loss recoveries. 
 
 Note 9 
 reportable segments, ABL and ISG, consistent with how our chief operating decision maker evaluates operating results, assesses performance, and allocates resources within the Company. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

special charges during the years ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2022. We allocated million of the million in special charges incurred during the year ended August 31, 2023 to the ABL segment; the remaining amounts of the fiscal 2023 charge were not allocated to a segment. 
 We allocate certain working capital assets and capital expenditures to our segments primarily to assess each segment's contribution to our consolidated operating cash flows and capital expenditures. Segment assets include accounts receivable and inventory. Unallocated assets are presented in corporate as a reconciling item to our total consolidated assets. 
 ISG Eliminations (1) 
 ) ) ) Total Operating profit (loss): ABL ISG Unallocated corporate amounts ) ) ) Total Depreciation and amortization: ABL ISG Unallocated corporate amounts Total Segment assets: ABL ISG Unallocated corporate amounts Total Capital expenditures: ABL ISG Unallocated corporate amounts Total 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) These amounts represent intersegment sales. Profit on these sales eliminates within gross profit on a consolidated basis. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Operating profit - ISG Unallocated corporate amounts ) ) ) Operating profit Interest (income) expense, net ) Miscellaneous expense (income), net ) Income before income taxes 
 million for trade name impairments, million for the collectability of a supplier warranty obligation owed to us for components we used in products manufactured and sold between 2017 and 2019, and million for employee severance costs . 
 
 Note 10 
 million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are reflected within Other accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . Additionally, we recorded right of return assets for products expected to be returned to our facilities, which are included within Prepayments and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . Such assets totaled million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We also maintain one-time and ongoing promotions with our customers, which may include rebate, sales incentive, marketing, and trade-promotion programs with certain customers that require us to estimate and accrue the expected costs of such programs. These arrangements may include volume rebate incentives, cooperative marketing programs, merchandising of our products, introductory marketing funds for new products, and other trade-promotion activities conducted by the customer. Costs associated with these programs are generally estimated based on the most likely amount expected to be settled based on the context of the individual contract and are reflected within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income in accordance with ASC 606, which in most instances requires such costs to be recorded as reductions of revenue. Amounts due to our customers 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are reflected within Other accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 Costs to obtain and fulfill contracts, such as sales commissions, are generally short-term in nature and are generally expensed as incurred. 
 Nature of Goods and Services 
 Products 
 Substantially all of the revenues for the periods presented were generated from short-term contracts with our customers to deliver only tangible goods such as luminaires, lighting controls, and controls for various building systems. We record revenue from these contracts when the customer obtains control of those goods. For sales designated free on board shipping point, control is transferred and revenue is recognized at the time of shipment. For sales designated free on board destination, customers take control and revenue is recognized when a product is delivered to the customer s delivery site. 
 Professional Services 
 We collect fees associated with training, installation, and technical support services, primarily related to the set up of our lighting and building technology solutions. We recognize revenue for these one-time services at the time the service is performed. We also sell certain service-type warranties that extend coverages for products beyond their base warranties. We account for service-type warranties as distinct performance obligations and recognize revenue for these contracts ratably over the life of the additional warranty period. We allocate transaction price to our service-type warranties largely based on expectations of cost plus margin based on our estimate of future claims. Claims related to service-type warranties are expensed as incurred. 
 Software 
 Software sales include licenses for software, data usage fees, and software as a service arrangements. We recognize revenue for software based on the contractual rights provided to a customer, which in certain instances results in the recognition of revenue ratably over the contractual service period. 
 Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 A small portion of our revenue was derived from the combination of any or all of our products, professional services, and software licenses. Significant judgment may be required to determine which performance obligations are distinct and should be accounted for separately. We allocate the expected consideration to be collected to each distinct performance obligation based on its standalone selling price. Standalone selling price is generally determined using a cost plus margin valuation when no observable input is available. The amount of consideration allocated to each performance obligation is recognized as revenue in accordance with the timing for products, professional services, and software as described above. 
 Shipping and Handling Activities 
 We account for all shipping and handling activities for customers as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer products to our customers. As such, we do not consider shipping and handling activities to be separate performance obligations, and we expense these costs as incurred. 
 Contract Balances 
 Our rights related to collections from customers are unconditional and are reflected within Accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . We do not have any other significant contract assets. Contract liabilities arise when we receive cash or an unconditional right to collect cash prior to the transfer of control of goods or services. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Non-current deferred revenues 
 and from the date of sale, and are included within Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Unsatisfied performance obligations that do not represent contract liabilities are expected to be satisfied within one year from August 31, 2024 and consist primarily of orders for physical goods that have not yet been shipped. 
 Disaggregated Revenues 
 Our ABL segment's lighting and lighting controls are sold primarily through independent sales agents who cover specific geographic areas and market channels, by internal sales representatives, through consumer retail channels, directly to large corporate accounts, and through other distribution methods, including directly to OEM customers. ISG sells predominantly to system integrators. The following table shows revenue from contracts with customers by sales channel and reconciles to our segment information for the periods presented (in millions): 
 Direct sales network Retail sales Corporate accounts OEM and other Total ABL ISG Eliminations ) ) ) Total 
 
 Note 11 
 million to million, with a corresponding increase to shares available for grant. The Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee is authorized to issue awards consisting of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance stock awards, performance stock units, stock bonus awards, and cash-based awards to eligible employees, non-employee directors, and outside consultants. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, million, and million at August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Any shares subject to an award under the Stock Incentive Plan that are forfeited, canceled, expired, or settled for cash will be available for future grant under the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 Our share-based payment awards are valued based on their grant date fair values as described further below. We recognize compensation cost for share-based payment transactions in accordance with ASC 718. For most of our awards, compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the award's requisite service period. We apply the accelerated attribution method in certain circumstances, such as when a performance stock unit is subject to graded vesting. For awards subject to a market condition, we consider both actual and derived service periods, as well as the expected performance period, to determine the appropriate compensation recognition method. 
 Performance stock units Stock options Director stock units Total share-based payment expense 
 Restricted Stock 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had approximately million shares outstanding of restricted stock to officers, directors, and other key employees under the Stock Incentive Plan. Grants awarded beginning in fiscal 2022 vest primarily over a period, and grants awarded prior to fiscal 2022 vest primarily over a period. Our restricted stock grants are valued at the closing stock price on the date of the grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at August 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at August 31, 2023 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Outstanding at August 31, 2024 ___________________________ 
 Represents shares of less than million. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of stock vested during the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had approximately million performance stock units outstanding to officers and other key employees under the Stock Incentive Plan. Our performance stock units vest primarily over a period. 
 For most of these grants, the actual number of performance stock units earned for these awards will be determined at the end of the related performance period based on the level of achievement of established performance thresholds. Such grants are valued at the closing stock price on the date of grant. We recognize compensation expense for these grants proportionately over the requisite service period for each employee when it becomes probable that the performance metric will be satisfied. 
 A small subset of our performance stock units granted in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 have a payout based on a total shareholder return relative to a peer group index over a period. These awards are valued using a Monte-Carlo simulation and are expensed over the longer of the requisite service period and the derived service period. Stock compensation may be accelerated if a market condition is met prior to the derived service period lapsing. All inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation are estimates made at the time of grant, which are summarized in the table below. Actual realized value of each award could materially differ from these estimates, without impact to future reported net income. Dividends were assumed to be reinvested on the ex-dividend date for us and peer companies. Expected volatility was based on historical volatility of our stock as well as our peer group. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield consistent with the derived performance period. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Fair value of awards 
 Granted Forfeited Outstanding at August 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Outstanding at August 31, 2023 Granted Vested ) Outstanding at August 31, 2024 
 ___________________________ 
 Represents shares of less than million. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested performance stock units. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The total fair value of performance units vested during the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. awards vested during the year ended August 31, 2022. 
 Stock Options 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had approximately million options outstanding to officers as well as other key current and former employees under the Stock Incentive Plan, all of which were granted in previous fiscal years. Of these options, million were granted in fiscal 2021 and become exercisable over a period. These options are also subject to a market condition (the Market Options ). Options issued under the Stock Incentive Plan are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant, but never less than the fair market value on the grant date, and expire years from the date of grant. 
 The fair value of each Market Option was estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The dividend yield was calculated based on annual dividends paid and the trailing 12-month average closing stock price at the time of grant. Expected volatility was based on historical volatility of our stock, calculated using the most recent time period equal to the expected life of the options. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a term equal to the contractual term for the Market Options. The expected life of the Market Options is based on projected exercise dates resulting from the Monte Carlo simulation for each award tranche. All inputs noted above are estimates made at the time of grant. Actual realized value of each option grant could materially differ from these estimates, without impact to future reported net income. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected life of options years Weighted-average fair value of options 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Exercised ) Outstanding at August 31, 2022 Exercised Forfeitures ) Outstanding at August 31, 2023 Exercised ) Outstanding at August 31, 2024 Range of option exercise prices: - (average life - years) 
 - (average life - years) 
 - (average life - years) 
 
 ___________________________ 
 Represents amounts of less than million. 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. As of August 31, 2024, the total intrinsic value of options outstanding was million, the total intrinsic value of options expected to vest was million, and the total intrinsic value of options exercisable was million. As of August 31, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested options. We expect to recognize this cost over the next fiscal year. 
 Employee Deferred Stock Units 
 We previously allowed employees to defer a portion of restricted stock awards granted in fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2004 into the SDSP as stock units. The stock units are payable in shares of stock at the time of distribution from the SDSP. As of August 31, 2024, approximately fully vested stock units remain deferred, but undistributed, under the Stock Incentive Plan. There was compensation expense related to these stock units during fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 Director Deferred Stock Units 
 In January 2022, the total remaining shares available for issuance under the Director Plan were transferred into the Stock Incentive Plan. As of August 31, 2024, approximately stock units were deferred but undistributed under the Director Plan. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Employees are able to purchase, through payroll deduction, common stock at a discount on a monthly basis. There were million shares of our common stock reserved for purchase under the plan, of which approximately million shares remain available as of August 31, 2024. Employees may participate at their discretion. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 12 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial losses (gains) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Other ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return (loss) on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Other Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at the end of year ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized in consolidated balance sheets ) ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation Pre-tax amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss: Prior service cost ) ) ) Net actuarial loss ) ) ) ) Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Pensions plans in which benefit obligation exceeds plan assets: Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Plan assets Pensions plans in which plan assets exceed benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Plan assets 
 Service cost of net periodic pension cost is allocated between Cost of products sold, and may be capitalized into inventory as labor costs, and Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income based on the function of the employee's services. All other components of net periodic pension cost are included within Miscellaneous expense (income), net in the Consolidated Statements of 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation at each valuation date. Amounts related to prior service cost are amortized over the average remaining expected future service period for active participants in each plan. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Settlement Recognized actuarial loss Net periodic pension cost ) 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 Weighted average assumptions used in computing net periodic pension cost are as follows: 
 Domestic Plans International Plans 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 It is our policy to adjust, on an annual basis, the discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation to approximate rates on high-quality, long-term obligations based on our estimated benefit payments available as of the measurement date. We use published yield curves to assist in the development of our discount rates. We estimate that a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would reduce net periodic pension cost approximately million for the domestic plans and million for the international plans. The expected return on plan assets is derived primarily from a periodic study of long-term historical rates of return on the various asset classes included in our targeted pension plan asset allocation as well as future expectations. We estimate that each 100 basis point reduction in the expected return on plan assets would result in additional net periodic pension cost of million and million for domestic plans and international plans, respectively. We also evaluate the rate of compensation increase annually and adjust if necessary. 
 Our investment objective for domestic plan assets is to earn a rate of return sufficient to exceed the long-term growth of the plans liabilities without subjecting plan assets to undue risk. The plan assets are invested primarily in high quality debt and equity securities. We conduct a periodic strategic asset allocation study to form a basis for the allocation of pension assets between various asset categories. Specific allocation percentages are assigned to each asset category with minimum and maximum ranges established for each. The assets are then managed within these ranges. At August 31, 2024, the U.S. targeted asset allocation approximated fixed income securities and equity securities. Our investment objective for the international plan assets is also to add value by exceeding the long-term growth of the plans liabilities. At August 31, 2024, the international asset target allocation approximated fixed income securities and multi-strategy investments. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fixed income securities Multi-strategy investments Real estate Total 
 Domestic Plans' Assets 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

US Treasury investments Mutual funds: Domestic large cap equity fund Foreign equity fund Collective trust: Domestic small cap equities Short-term fixed income investments Total assets in the fair value hierarchy Assets calculated at net asset value: Real estate fund Total assets at net asset value Total assets at fair value 
 Fair Value Measurements Fair Value as of Quoted Market Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs August 31, 2023 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets included in the fair value hierarchy: Fixed-income investments US Treasury investments Mutual funds: Domestic large cap equity fund Foreign equity fund Collective trust: Domestic small cap equities Short-term fixed income investments Total assets in the fair value hierarchy Assets calculated at net asset value: Real estate fund Total assets at net asset value Total assets at fair value 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Multi-strategy investments Fixed-income investments Total assets at fair value 
 Fair Value Measurements Fair Value as of Quoted Market Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs August 31, 2023 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets included in the fair value hierarchy: Equity securities Short-term fixed income investments Multi-strategy investments Fixed-income investments Total assets at fair value 
 We do expect to contribute to the domestic qualified plans in fiscal 2025 based on the funded status of the plans as well as current legal minimum funding requirements. We expect to contribute approximately million during fiscal 2025 to our international defined benefit plans. These amounts are based on the total contributions required during fiscal 2025 to satisfy current legal minimum funding requirements for qualified plans and estimated benefit payments for non-qualified plans. 
 Benefit payments are made primarily from funded benefit plan trusts. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030-2034 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the qualified domestic pension plans, which is frozen and no longer accrues benefits. As of August 31, 2024, the fair value of this plan's assets exceeded its benefit obligation. The termination of the plan is effective August 31, 2024, is subject to the appropriate regulatory approvals, and is expected to be completed in fiscal 2025. The Company's ultimate settlement obligation will depend upon both the nature and timing of participant settlements and prevailing market conditions. 
 Multi-employer Pension Plans 
 We have contributed to multi-employer defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 
 Assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
 If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be shared by the remaining participating employers. 
 If a participating employer chooses to stop participating in some of its multi-employer plans, the employer may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 Our contributions to these plans were million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 million, million, and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and million, which represented approximately of the total fair market value of the assets in our domestic defined contribution plans. 
 
 Note 13 
 pre-tax special charges. During the year ended August 31, 2023, we recognized million of pre-tax special charges, which primarily included impairment charges of indefinite-lived intangible assets; impairments of certain retained assets associated with our previously owned Sunoptics prismatic skylights business that were not transferred in connection with the sale; and severance and employee-related costs in connection with the Sunoptics divestiture as well as streamlining activities initiated during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 Severance and employee-related costs Operating lease asset group impairment charge Other restructuring costs Total special charges 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had remaining accruals related to special charges. As of August 31, 2023, remaining accruals related to special charges totaled million and are included in Accrued compensation in the Consolidated Balance Sheets . These amounts related to unpaid severance and employee-related costs from our fourth quarter fiscal 2023 actions. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 14 
 Vesting of share-based payment awards (1) 
 Stock options exercised Balance at August 31, 2022 Vesting of share-based payment awards (1) 
 Stock options exercised Balance at August 31, 2023 Vesting of share-based payment awards (1) 
 Stock options exercised Balance at August 31, 2024 
 ___________________________ 
 Represents shares of less than million. 
 (1) Shown net of cancellations for tax withholdings 
 As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we had million and million of repurchased shares, respectively, recorded as treasury stock at an original repurchase cost of billion and billion, respectively. Excise taxes on corporate stock repurchases are accounted for as an increase to the cost basis of our share repurchases. 
 During fiscal 2024, we repurchased approximately million shares of our outstanding common stock. As of August 31, 2024, the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the share repurchase program authorized by the Board equaled million shares. We may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time at prevailing market prices, depending on market conditions, through open market or privately negotiated transactions. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We have million shares of preferred stock authorized. shares of preferred stock were issued in fiscal 2024 or 2023, and shares of preferred stock are outstanding. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding Common stock equivalents Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share (1) 
 Diluted earnings per share (1) 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Earnings per share is calculated using unrounded numbers. Amounts in the table may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. 
 Restricted stock awards Performance stock units _______________________ 
 Represents shares of less than million. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 15 
 Provision for current state taxes Provision for current foreign taxes (Benefit from) provision for deferred taxes ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 International Income before income taxes 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State income tax, net of federal income tax benefit Federal permanent differences ) Foreign permanent differences and rate differential Research and development tax credits ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits Other, net ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes) ) Goodwill and intangibles ) ) Operating lease right of use assets ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Deferred income tax assets: Self-insurance Pension Deferred compensation Net operating losses Other accruals not yet deductible Operating lease liabilities Capitalized research and development Other assets Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 As of August 31, 2024, the estimated undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries was million. We have recorded a deferred income tax liability of million for certain foreign withholding taxes and U.S. taxes related to foreign earnings for which we do not assert indefinite reinvestment. With respect to unremitted earnings and original investments in foreign subsidiaries where we are continuing to assert indefinite reinvestment, any future remittances could be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes, U.S. state taxes, and certain tax impacts relating to foreign currency exchange effects. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of any unrecognized tax effects on these reinvested earnings and original investments in foreign subsidiaries. We account for the tax on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI as a period cost and, therefore, do not record deferred taxes related to GILTI on our foreign subsidiaries. 
 At August 31, 2024, we had federal tax credit carryforwards of approximately million that begin to expire in 2029, and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately million that begin to expire in 2027. Approximately million of the total million in federal tax credit carryforwards are subject to a full valuation allowance as we do not expect to realize any future tax benefit for these items. At August 31, 2024, we had federal net operating 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million that begin to expire in 2029, state net operating loss carryforwards of million that begin to expire in 2025, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million that begin to expire in 2028. 
 The gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits the would affect the company's effective income tax rate was million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense; such accrued interest and penalties are not material. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to United States federal, state, and local income tax examinations for years ended before 2018 or for foreign income tax examinations before 2017. We anticipate that unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within the next 12 months by million of which million is interest due to the expiring of the statute of limitations. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Reductions due to settlements ) Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits balance at end of year 
 Total accrued interest was million, million, and million as of August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. There were accruals related to income tax penalties during fiscal 2024. Interest, net of tax benefits, and penalties are included in Income tax expense within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . We are routinely under audit from various tax jurisdictions. We do not currently anticipate material audit assessments. 

Note 16 
 of total consolidated net sales in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 International Total net sales Long-lived assets (3) : 
 Domestic (2) 
 International Total long-lived assets 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Net sales are attributed to each country based on the selling location. 
 (2) Domestic amounts include amounts for U.S. based operations. 
 (3) Long-lived assets include net property, plant, and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and other long-term assets as reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 17 
 billion, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. We anticipate funding the transaction with cash on hand as well as adding a million term loan under our Revolving Credit Facility. 

75 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As required by SEC rules, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2024. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based on this evaluation, these officers have concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at a reasonable assurance level as of August 31, 2024. 
 However, because all disclosure procedures must rely to a significant degree on actions or decisions made by employees throughout the organization, such as reporting of material events, the Company and its reporting officers believe that they cannot provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or errors and omissions, if any, within the Company will be detected. Limitations within any control system, including our control system, include faulty judgments in decision-making or simple errors or mistakes. In addition, controls can be circumvented by an individual, by collusion between two or more people, or by management override of the control. Because of these limitations, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 Management s annual report on our internal control over financial reporting and the independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report are included in our 2024 Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the headings, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as it relates to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, none of our directors or Section 16 officers or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined an Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 On October 24, 2024, the Company and Karen J. Holcom, the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, entered into a fourth amendment to Ms. Holcom's Severance Agreement. The amendment modified the calculation of the minimum bonus component of severance that would be payable to Ms. Holcom on a qualifying termination of employment by replacing its reference to a specified percentage of Ms. Holcom's base salary (100 with a reference to Ms. Holcom's target annual incentive bonus as in effect at the time of her termination. The foregoing description of the amendment to Ms. Holcom's Severance Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10(iii)A(43) to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item, with respect to directors and corporate governance, will be included under the caption Item 1 Election of Directors and Director Information of our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by this item, with respect to executive officers, will be included under the caption Executive Officers of our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by this item, with respect to the code of ethics, will be included under the captions Governance Policies and Procedures and Contacting the Board of Directors of our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Company has an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities (and related derivative securities) by directors, officers and employees, other covered persons, and the Company and is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company s insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Director Information, Board and Committees including Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation), Compensation of Directors, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Report of the Compensation and Management Development Committee, Fiscal 2024 Summary Compensation Table, Fiscal 2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards, Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2024 Year-End, Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2024, Pension Benefits in Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2024 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation, Employment Arrangements, Potential Payments upon Termination, CEO Pay Ratio, and Equity Compensation Plans of our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Equity Compensation Plans and Beneficial Ownership of the Company s Securities of our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, Director Information, and Board and Committees of our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Ernst Young LLP, Atlanta, Georgia, PCAOB ID: . 
 The information required by this item concerning our principal accountant will be included under the captions Audit Fees and Other Fees, Preapproval Policies and Procedures, and Report of the Audit Committee of our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held January 22, 2025, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 
 (1) 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 31 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 32 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 38 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: Any of Schedules I through V not listed above have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto (3) Exhibits filed with this report (begins on next page): Copies of exhibits will be furnished to stockholders upon request at a nominal fee. Requests should be sent to Acuity Brands, Inc., Investor Relations Department, 1170 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 1200, Atlanta, Georgia 30309 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS EXHIBIT 3 (a) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Acuity Brands, Inc., dated as of January 25, 2024. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 3.1 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 26, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference. (b) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Acuity Brands, Inc., dated as of January 25, 2024. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 3.2 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 26, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference. (c) Amended and Restated Bylaws of Acuity Brands, Inc., dated as of January 25, 2024. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 3.4 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 26, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference. EXHIBIT 4 (a) Form of Certificate representing Acuity Brands, Inc. Common Stock. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 4.1 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on December 14, 2001, which is incorporated herein by reference. (b) Description of Securities. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. (c) Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2020, between Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 4.1 of registrant's Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on November 10, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (d) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2020, among Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc., Acuity Brands, Inc. and ABL IP Holding, LLC, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 4.2 of registrant's Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on November 10, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (e) Officer s Certificate, dated as of November 10, 2020, pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.03 of the Indenture, dated November 10, 2020, setting forth the terms of the 2.150 Senior Notes due 2030. the 2.150 Senior Notes due 2030. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 4.3 of registrant's Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on November 10, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (f) Form of 2.150 Senior Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.3). 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 4.3 of registrant's Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on November 10, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. EXHIBIT 10(i) (1) Five-Year Credit Agreement dated June 30, 2022. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on June 30, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. EXHIBIT 10(iii)A Management Contracts and Compensatory Arrangements: (1) Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.14 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on December 14, 2001, which is incorporated herein by reference. (2) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(2) of registrant s Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 14, 2003, which is incorporated by reference. (3) Amendment No. 2 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A8 of the registrant s Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on July 14, 2003, which is incorporated by reference. (4) Amendment No. 3 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(36) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2004, which is incorporated by reference. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 (5) Amendment No. 4 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 99.2 of registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 6, 2006, which is incorporated herein by reference. (6) Amendment No. 5 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(6) of registrant s Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on July 10, 2007, which is incorporated herein by reference. (7) Amended and Restated Acuity Brands, Inc. 2005 Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan, effective as of July 1, 2019. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(b) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on July 2, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (8) First Amendment to the Acuity Brands, Inc. 2005 Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan, effective as of October 25, 2021 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(14) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference. (9) Acuity Brands, Inc. Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated Effective June 29, 2006. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 99.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 6, 2006, which is incorporated herein by reference. (10) Amendment No. 2 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan dated October 24, 2008. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(86) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2008, which is incorporated herein by reference. (11) Amended and Restated Acuity Brands, Inc. 2011 Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, Effective as of January 5, 2022. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(c) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. (12) Acuity Brands, Inc. Compensation for Non-Employee Directors. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(12) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. (13) Acuity Brands, Inc. Senior Management Benefit Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.16 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on December 14, 2001, which is incorporated herein by reference. (14) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Senior Management Benefit Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(5) of registrant s Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on July 10, 2007, which is incorporated herein by reference. (15) Acuity Brands, Inc. Executive Benefits Trust. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.18 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on December 14, 2001, which is incorporated herein by reference. (16) Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan for Executives. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.19 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on December 14, 2001, which is incorporated herein by reference. (17) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan for Executives. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(2) of the registrant s Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 14, 2003, which is incorporated by reference. (18) Acuity Brands, Inc. Benefits Protection Trust. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.21 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on December 14, 2001, which is incorporated herein by reference. (19) Acuity Brands, Inc. 2002 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, As Amended and Restated Effective As of July 1, 2019. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(c) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on July 2, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 (20) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. 2002 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(a) of registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (21) Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement entered into as of April 21, 2006. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 99.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 27, 2006, which is incorporated herein by reference. (22) Employment Letter between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Neil M. Ashe, dated January 9, 2020 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (23) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (options subject only to time-based conditions) 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.2 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (24) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (options subject to time-based and share price performance conditions) 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.3 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (25) Form of Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Neil M. Ashe 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.4 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (26) Amendment No. 1 to Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Neil M. Ashe 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(26) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (27) Form of Change in Control Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Neil M. Ashe 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.5 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (28) Acuity Brands, Inc. Matching Gift Program. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(28) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (29) Employment Letter dated November 16, 2005 between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 18, 2005, which is incorporated herein by reference. (30) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(81) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 30, 2009, which is incorporated herein by reference. (31) Amendment No. 2 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(f) of registrant s Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on March 31, 2010, which is incorporated herein by reference. (32) Amendment No. 3 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(4) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 2, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference. (33) Amendment No. 4 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(46) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference. (34) Amendment No. 5 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(43) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2015, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 (35) Amendment No. 6 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(44) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference. (36) Amendment No. 7 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(45) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference. (37) Amendment No. 8 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(a) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 9, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (38) Amendment No. 9 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Richard K. Reece. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(b) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 3, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (39) Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. Severance Agreement, entered into as of March 28, 2018, by and between Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. and Karen J. Holcom. 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(51) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (40) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. and Karen J. Holcom. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(52) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (41) Amendment No. 2 to Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. and Karen J. Holcom. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(53) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (42) Amendment No. 3 to Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. and Karen J. Holcom. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(b) of registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (43) Amendment No. 4 to Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. and Karen J. Holcom. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. (44) Change in Control Agreement, entered into as of March 28, 2018, by and between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Karen J. Holcom. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(54) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (45) Amendment No.1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Change in Control Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Karen J. Holcom. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(55) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (46) Change in Control Agreement dated March 28, 2018, by and between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Barry R. Goldman. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(81) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (47) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Change in Control Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Barry R. Goldman. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(82) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (48) Severance Agreement dated March 28, 2020, by and between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Barry R. Goldman. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(83) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (49) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Barry R. Goldman. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(84) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 (50) Amendment No. 2 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Barry R. Goldman. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(85) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (51) Amendment No. 3 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Barry R. Goldman. 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(86) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (52) Amendment No. 4 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Barry R. Goldman. 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(80) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference. (53) Change in Control Agreement dated March 2, 2020, by and between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Dianne S. Mills. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(87) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (54) Severance Agreement dated March 2, 2020, by and between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Dianne S. Mills. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(88) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 23, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (55) Amendment No. 1 to Acuity Brands, Inc. Severance Agreement between Acuity Brands, Inc. and Dianne S. Mills. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(83) of the registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference. (56) Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on February 9, 2010, which is incorporated herein by reference. (57) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for stock options, effective October 24, 2013. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(1) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 2, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference. (58) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for stock options, effective October 27, 2014. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(66) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference. (59) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for stock options, effective April 1, 2016. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(1) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 6, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference. (60) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for U.S. Grantees. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(70) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference. (61) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-U.S. Grantees. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(72) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference. (62) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(72) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference. (63) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Named Executive Officers. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(73) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference. (64) Amended and Restated Acuity Brands, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Reference is made to Appendix B of the registrant s Proxy Statement as filed with the Commission on November 22, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 (65) Acuity Brands, Inc. 2017 Management Cash Incentive Plan. 
 Reference is made to Annex B of the registrant s Proxy Statement as filed with the Commission on November 21, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference. (66) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for U.S. Employees. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(1) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 4, 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference. (67) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Directors. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(3) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 4, 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference. (68) Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Director. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(a) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. (69) Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement Non-Employee Directors. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(b) of the registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. (70) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Performance Unit Notification and Award Agreement. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(93) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (71) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Performance Unit Notification and Award Agreement. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(c) of registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (72) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Restricted Stock Unit Notification and Award Agreement. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(94) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference. (73) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Restricted Stock Unit Notification and Award Agreement. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(d) of registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference. (74) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Performance Unit Notification and Award Agreement (TSR October 2022). 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(1) of registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on January 9, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (75) Acuity Brands, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Schedule. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(1) of registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 4, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (76) Acuity Brands, Inc. 2005 Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated effective March 30, 2023). 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(2) of registrant's Form 10-Q as filed with the Commission on April 4, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (77) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Performance Unit Notification and Award Agreement (ROIC Performance Award). 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(76) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (78) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Performance Unit Notification and Award Agreement (rTSR Performance Award). 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(77) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 (79) Acuity Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan Global Restricted Stock Unit Notification and Award Agreement 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(78) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (80) Acuity Brands, Inc. Incentive-Based Compensation Recoupment Policy As Amended and Restated Effective as of October 2, 2023. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(79) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. (81) Acuity Brands, Inc. Short-Term Incentive Plan As Amended and Restated Effective as of September 28, 2023. 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 10(iii)A(80) of the registrant's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on October 26, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. EXHIBIT 19 Insider Trading Policy. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 21 List of Subsidiaries. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 22 List of Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 24 Powers of Attorney. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 31 (a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. (b) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 32 (a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. (b) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 101 .INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. .SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. .CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. .DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. .LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. .PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed with the Commission as part of this Form 10-K. EXHIBIT 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 of this Form 10-K. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 Date: October 28, 2024 By: /S/ NEIL M. ASHE Neil M. Ashe Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ NEIL M. ASHE Chairman, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 28, 2024 Neil M. Ashe /s/ KAREN J. HOLCOM Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) October 28, 2024 Karen J. Holcom Director October 28, 2024 Marcia J. Avedon, Ph.D. Director October 28, 2024 W. Patrick Battle Director October 28, 2024 Michael J. Bender Director October 28, 2024 G. Douglas Dillard, Jr. Director October 28, 2024 James H. Hance, Jr. Director October 28, 2024 Maya Leibman Director October 28, 2024 Laura G. O'Shaughnessy Director October 28, 2024 Mark J. Sachleben Director October 28, 2024 Mary A. Winston BY: /s/ KAREN J. HOLCOM Attorney-in-Fact October 28, 2024 Karen J. Holcom 
 87 

<EX-4.B>
 2
 ayi-20240831xex4b.htm
 EX-4.B

Document 
 Exhibit 4(b) 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of October 28, 2024, Acuity Brands, Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act our common stock. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 The following summary of certain terms of the common stock of Acuity Brands, Inc. (as used in this section, we, our, us, Acuity, the Company, or other such similar references) describes material provisions of, but does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended, the Certificate of Incorporation ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), the forms of which are included as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4(b) is also included, as well as the relevant portions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, the total number of shares of all classes of stock that we have the authority to issue is 550,000,000, of which 500,000,000 are shares of common stock, par value .01 per share, and 50,000,000 are shares of preferred stock, par value .01 per share. Our outstanding shares are fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have subscription, redemption, or conversion rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters voted on by stockholders, and the holders of such shares will possess all voting power, except as otherwise required by law or provided in any resolution adopted by our Board of Directors (the Board with respect to any series of preferred stock of Acuity. There are no cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the common stock voting for the election of directors in an uncontested election can elect all of the directors, if they choose to do so, subject to any rights of the holders of preferred stock to elect directors. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to any preferential or other rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock of Acuity that may be designated by the Board, the holders of the common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board from funds available. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Subject to any preferential or other rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock of Acuity that may be designated by the Board, upon liquidation, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive pro rata all assets of Acuity available for distribution to such holders. 
 
 No Preemptive Rights 
 
 No holder of any stock of Acuity of any class have any preemptive right to subscribe to any securities of Acuity of any kind or class. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The Transfer Agent and Registrar for Acuity is Computershare Trust Company N.A. 
 
 Preferred Stock 

Exhibit 4(b) 

The Board is authorized without further stockholder approval (except as may be required by applicable law or New York Stock Exchange regulations) to provide for the issuance of shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, and to fix for each such series such voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions, as are stated in the resolution adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and as are permitted by the DGCL. The terms and rights of any such series may include 
 the designation of the series 
 the number of shares of the series, which number the Board may thereafter, except where otherwise provided in the applicable certificate of designation, increase or decrease, but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding 
 any dividend rights 
 any liquidation preferences 
 any redemption rights 
 any sinking fund terms 
 any conversion rights 
 any voting rights and 
 any other relative rights, preferences and limitations of such series. 
 Should the Board elect to exercise this authority, the rights and privileges of holders of shares of the Company s common stock could be made subject to the rights and privileges of any such series of preferred stock. Presently, Acuity has no plans to issue any preferred stock. 
 
 Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of Acuity s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware Law 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the DGCL contain certain provisions that could delay or make more difficult an acquisition of control of Acuity not approved by the Board, whether by means of a tender offer, open market purchases, a proxy contest, or otherwise. These provisions, which are summarized below, could have the effect of discouraging third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition or change of control of Acuity, although such a proposal, if made, might be considered desirable by a majority of Acuity s stockholders. 
 
 Election of Directors . Any vacancy on the Board, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the Board (other than vacancies and newly created directorships which the holders of any class or classes of stock are expressly entitled by the Certificate of Incorporation to fill), may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director (and not by stockholders). This system of electing directors generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of our directors. 
 
 Stockholder Action, Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations, and Proposals . Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that stockholder action may be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and that stockholders may not act by written consent. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by resolution adopted by the whole Board. Stockholders are not permitted to call a special meeting or to require the Board to call a special meeting of stockholders. 
 Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be brought before any annual or special meeting of stockholders and for nominations by stockholders of candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting or a special meeting at which directors are to be elected. Subject to any other applicable requirements, these procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days or more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders. Our Bylaws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. 
 These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting any stockholder actions, even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock . The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without any further vote or action by our stockholders. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional 

Exhibit 4(b) 

capital, corporate acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and our preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control over us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger, or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, the Board were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders, the Board could cause shares of preferred stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws . The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on amendments to a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws is required to approve such amendment, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. Our Bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of the Board or, in addition to any other vote otherwise required by law, the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Additionally, the approval by holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote on such matter, voting together as a single class, is required to amend or repeal or to adopt any provision inconsistent with Article V, Article VII, Article VIII, Article X or Article XI of our Certificate of Incorporation. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying, or discouraging the removal of any anti-takeover defenses provided for in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. 
 
 No Cumulative Voting . The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless our certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. 
 
 Delaware Takeover Statute . We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL and have adopted additional provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation for the approval, adoption, or authorization of business combinations. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 Section 203 defines a business combination to include 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, lease, pledge, exchange, mortgage or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 
 Pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation, a business combination with an interested person requires the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote in elections of directors, which are not beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by such interested person. This voting requirement will not be applicable if certain conditions described in our Certificate of Incorporation are met with respect to a particular business combination. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation defines a business combination as (a) any merger or consolidation of Acuity or any of its subsidiaries with or into any interested person (regardless of the identity of the surviving corporation) (b) any sale, lease, or other disposition of all or any substantial part of the assets of Acuity or any of its subsidiaries to any interested person for cash or securities or both or (c) any issuance or delivery of securities of Acuity or any of its subsidiaries (which the beneficial owner shall have the right to vote, or to vote upon exercise, conversion, or by contract) to an interested person in consideration for or in exchange of any securities or other property (including cash). 

Exhibit 4(b) 

An interested person is defined in our Certificate of Incorporation as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the shares of stock of Acuity entitled to vote in elections of directors at the relevant record date. 
 
 Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify, and advance expenses to, our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with our current directors and executive officers and expect to enter into a similar agreement with any new director or executive officer. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action or proceeding asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees, or stockholders to us or our stockholders, any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition, our Bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The exclusive forum provision in our Bylaws does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with claims arising under federal securities laws or otherwise, a court could find the exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 

</EX-4.B>

<EX-10.IIIA(43)>
 3
 ayi-20240831xex10iiia43.htm
 EX-10.IIIA(43)

Document 
 Exhibit 10(iii)A(43) 

 AMENDMENT NO. 4 
 TO 
 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT, made and entered into as of October 24, 2024, by and between ACUITY BRANDS, INC. (the Company and Karen J. Holcom Executive ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. and Executive entered into a Severance Agreement, dated March 28, 2018, and amended as of May 28, 2019, August 20, 2019, and October 26, 2020 (as amended, the Severance Agreement ), providing for the payment of certain compensation and benefits to Executive if Executive s employment is terminated under certain circumstances and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Severance Agreement in the manner hereinafter provided 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Severance Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 
 1. The first paragraph is hereby amended to replace ACUITY BRANDS LIGHTING, INC. with ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 2. The first sentence of Section 4.2 is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 Executive shall be paid an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Executive s target annual incentive bonus in effect as of Executive s Date of Termination (or, if Executive s target annual incentive bonus has not yet been established for, or has been reduced during, the then current fiscal year, then Executive s target annual incentive bonus in effect as of the last day of the prior fiscal year), multiplied by a fraction (the Pro Rata Fraction ), the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed in the then current fiscal year through Executive s Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 365, or (ii) the annual incentive bonus that would be paid or payable to Executive under the Incentive Plan based upon the Company s actual performance for such fiscal year multiplied by the Pro Rata Fraction. 
 3. Except as modified by this Amendment, the Severance Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPANY ACUITY BRANDS, INC. 
 
 s Karen J. Holcom 
 By 
 
 s Neil M. Ashe 
 Karen J. Holcom Name Neil M. Ashe Title Chairman, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 10(iii)A(43) 

Acknowledged by 
 
 ACUITY BRANDS LIGHTING, INC. By 
 
 s Neil M. Ashe 
 Name Neil M. Ashe Title Chairman and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.IIIA(43)>

<EX-19>
 4
 ayi-20240831xex19.htm
 EX-19

Document 
 Exhibit 19 

Acuity Insider Trading Policy 
 
 This Policy concerns the handling of material non-public information relating to Acuity Brands, Inc. Acuity, the Company, or we or other companies with which we deal and with the buying and selling of stock and other securities of Acuity and such other companies. This Policy is in addition to other Company policies and agreements to which employees, officers and directors are subject, including any confidentiality agreements and the Company s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. 
 
 Persons covered by this Policy may not engage in certain activities, including those listed below, either directly or indirectly, through family members or other persons or entities 
 
 trading in Acuity securities while in possession of material non-public information relating to Acuity, except, as described in this Policy, for certain Permitted Transactions 
 trading in the securities of a third-party company, while in possession of material non-public information about that company, learned in the course of performing duties for Acuity 
 engaging in short sales, as described in this Policy 
 hedging securities, purchasing or selling derivative securities, and entering into derivatives contracts relating to Acuity securities, as described in this Policy 
 pledging securities, except as permitted in limited circumstances and only for individuals who are not members of Group Three, as described in this Policy 
 tipping or otherwise engaging in the unauthorized disclosure of material nonpublic information and 
 for members of Group Two and Group Three, trading in Acuity securities during closed trading windows or special blackout periods, as described in this Policy. 
 
 Additional restrictions and details are described in this Policy. You should read the entire Policy to ensure that you are aware of all such items. 
 
 Each person or entity subject to this Policy is responsible for ensuring his, her, their or its compliance with the Policy and applicable securities laws, rules and regulations and determining whether he, she, they or it is in possession of material nonpublic information. Any action on the part of the Company or any other employee or director of the Company pursuant to this Policy or otherwise does not in any way constitute legal advice or insulate an individual or entity from liability under applicable securities laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 I. Employee Groups Summary of Restrictions 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, each Acuity employee, officer and director is categorized into one of three groups Group One, Group Two, and Group Three as further described below in this Section I. Different restrictions contained in this Policy apply to each group. 

Exhibit 19 

The Corporate Secretary will work with the Company s management team to determine the appropriate group for each employee. The Corporate Secretary will notify each employee, officer and director if he or she has been initially placed into Group Two or Group Three and any employee, officer or director if at any time he or she is placed into a different group. 
 
 You should read this entire Policy. However, for your convenience, the following is a summary of the key restrictions that apply to each group under this Policy 
 
 Group One All employees are in Group One unless otherwise described below or notified of being placed in a different category by the Corporate Secretary. The vast majority of our employees are in Group One. Members of Group One are required to comply with the restrictions on (1) trading in securities while in possession of material non-public information insider trading ), as described in Section II (2) the prohibition on engaging in short sales, as described in Section II (3) the prohibition on hedging our securities, purchasing or selling derivative securities, and entering into derivatives contracts relating to Acuity securities, as described in Section II and (4) disclosing material non-public information to others tipping ), as described in Section III. 
 
 Group Two The following persons are included in Group Two unless such persons are otherwise included in Group Three (1) all Acuity senior vice presidents and in-house attorneys and (2) all officers and employees who have regular access to material non-public information, including, but not limited to, Acuity s financial reporting and forecasting information (such officers and employees include, but are not limited to, certain members of Acuity s (a) finance, accounting, and tax team, (b) human resources team, (c) risk management team, (d) investor relations team, (e) communications team, (f) mergers and acquisitions team, and (g) senior leadership team), determined, in each case, from time to time by the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer. In addition to the general prohibitions against insider trading, short sales, hedging and tipping, members of Group Two may only purchase or sell Acuity securities during the trading windows described in Section IV. Members of Group Two must also receive pre-clearance prior to entering into any pledge or margin arrangement involving Acuity securities to avoid an inadvertent violation of this Policy. 
 
 Group Three Members of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, our employees who report directly to the Chief Executive Officer and any of our other officers as defined in the rules promulgated under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act, are in Group Three, whose members are subject to the same restrictions as apply to Group Two. In addition, members of Group Three are required to (1) comply with the restriction on pledging our securities, as described in Section II (2) pre-clear most transactions with the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer, as described in Section V (3) comply with additional requirements with respect to any Trading Plan (as defined herein) and (4) comply with certain other trading restrictions and reporting requirements that may be imposed on them by the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 In addition, regardless of group affiliation, any employee, officer or director of Acuity may be temporarily prohibited from buying or selling Acuity securities during special blackout periods. These special blackout periods are described in Section IV. 

Exhibit 19 

II. Insider Trading Prohibited 
 General Rule 
 Acuity employees, officers and directors, and Acuity, as an entity, may not purchase, sell or engage in other transactions in Acuity securities while he, she, they or it is in possession of material non-public information relating to Acuity. This restriction does not apply to certain Permitted Transactions, which are discussed in Section VI of this Policy. 
 
 Employees, Officers and Directors and their Family Members and Others 
 This Policy applies to all employees, officers and directors of Acuity and its subsidiaries. Each provision of this Policy that applies to an employee, officer and director also applies to 
 family members or other persons with whom they share a household, family members or other persons who principally rely on the employee, officer or director for their financial support, regardless of where those persons reside, and anyone else with whom the employee, officer or director shares a household, and any family members with whom the employee, officer or director does not share a household but directs, influences or controls their transactions in Acuity securities (collectively, Family Members and 
 any entity (a) over which they have control or influence with respect to a transaction in securities (e.g., a trustee of a trust or an executor of an estate) or (b) in which they have a material financial interest provided, however, that clause (b) shall not include a professional institutional investment entity in which any such person has such a material financial interest (collectively, Controlled Entities ). 
 
 Likewise, when we refer to you in this Policy, we also mean each of the people and entities listed above with respect to you. Because Family Members and Controlled Entities are covered by this Policy, you will be responsible for their transactions in Acuity securities and, in order to maintain your compliance with this Policy, you should ensure that they do not purchase or sell Acuity securities without your clearance. 
 
 Other Persons 
 It may be appropriate, in some circumstances, for persons who are not employed by Acuity (in addition to those listed above) to be subject to the same restrictions as company employees and other insiders. These include, for example, contractors and consultants. If you are aware of a situation in which a contractor, consultant, advisor or other person not employed by Acuity is likely to have access to material nonpublic information about the company, you should consider whether those outside parties should be subject to restrictions and, if so, bring this situation to the attention of the Corporate Secretary, who will consider whether it is appropriate to make arrangements to protect the Company. 
 
 Material Non-Public Information 
 Material. Information is considered material if 
 a reasonable investor would consider it important in making a decision on whether to buy, sell or hold the security 

Exhibit 19 

a reasonable investor would view the information as significantly altering the total mix of information in the marketplace about the company that issued the security or 
 the information could reasonably be expected to have an effect on the price of the security. 
 
 Non-public. Information is non-public until it has been publicly disclosed, meaning that it 
 is published in such a way as to provide broad, non-exclusionary distribution of the information to the public and 
 has been in the public domain for a sufficient period of time to be absorbed by the market and reflected in the price of the related securities. 
 
 Examples of public disclosure include the issuance of a press release or the filing of an appropriate report with the SEC. Information is generally considered to be non-public until the expiration of a period of one full trading day after the information is released to the general public. However, this period varies depending on the type of information released, the market s expectations relating to the subject matter of the release, and the market s reaction after the information is released. 
 
 Examples of material non-public information might include information about 
 the Company s financial or operating results, whether for completed periods or relating to certain expectations for future periods 
 the gain or loss of a substantial customer or any significant change in the business relationship with a substantial customer or other important business partner 
 the Company entering into or the termination of a significant contract 
 a material impairment or change in the value of the Company s assets 
 the filing of significant litigation or claims against the Company, developments in pending litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings, or other contingent liabilities affecting the Company 
 negotiation of a significant joint venture, merger or acquisition 
 news of a significant purchase or sale of assets 
 changes in top management 
 significant labor negotiations or disputes 
 significant accounting developments 
 changes in dividend policies 
 the declaration of a stock split 
 the Company s plans relating to its capital structure or outstanding securities, including issuances or repurchases of common stock or debt securities, and information about possible changes in the Company s credit ratings 
 a significant disruption in the Company s operations or loss, breach or unauthorized access of the Company s property or assets, including its facilities and information technology infrastructure and 

Exhibit 19 

any other events that require the Company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC. 
 Information may be material whether it is favorable or unfavorable to the Company. The list of examples provided above is merely illustrative, and there are many other types of information and events that may be material at any particular time, depending on the circumstances. Where there is any possibility that an item may be considered material, you should treat it as such and you should confer with the Corporate Secretary if you would like to review any specific situation. 
 
 Other Companies 
 While this Policy prohibits trading in Acuity securities while you are in possession of material non-public information about Acuity, it also prohibits trading in securities of any other company about which you learn material non-public information in the course of performing your duties for Acuity. For example, you may be involved in a transaction in which Acuity expects to enter into (or terminate) a substantial business relationship with another company, or acquire another company, buy a substantial amount of its stock or enter into a joint venture with the company. Even though the size of the transaction may be immaterial to Acuity, it may be material to the other company. This Policy prohibits you from trading in the securities of that company while aware of this non-public information or from tipping others regarding the information. In addition, please remember that the Acuity Code of Ethics and Business Conduct prohibits you from engaging in outside interests that represent a conflict of interest with your obligations to Acuity. 
 
 Securities All Transactions 
 This Policy prohibits certain transactions in the securities of Acuity. Although it is usually the case that the information you gain will relate to Acuity common stock, any securities that Acuity issues, such as debt securities or preferred stock, are also subject to this Policy. This Policy also applies to stock options and other derivatives related to Acuity securities, as discussed below. Purchases and sales of Acuity securities are subject to the insider trading laws and the provisions of this Policy, whether they are executed in the public markets or in private transactions, and whether you execute the transaction directly or indirectly through another person or entity. 
 
 Gifts of Acuity Securities 
 Acuity employees, officers and directors may not make a gift of Acuity securities while aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Acuity if such person knows or is reckless in not knowing the recipient of the gift would sell the securities prior to Acuity s disclosure of such information. Such a situation can arise with gifts of securities to charities, which are often required by their policies to sell securities soon after a gift. Members of Group Three must pre-clear all gifts of shares. 
 
 Investments 
 We expect our employees, officers and directors not to engage in speculative transactions that are designed to result in profit based on short-term fluctuations in the price of our securities. If you do purchase Acuity securities, we strongly encourage you to do so with the expectation of owning those securities for an extended period of time -- at a minimum, for six months, though it is not intended for 

Exhibit 19 

this to apply to the exercise of stock options. We recognize, of course, that your personal circumstances may change due to unforeseen events, in which case you may be forced to more quickly liquidate Acuity securities that you originally purchased with the intent of holding as a long-term investment. 
 
 Short Sales 
 A short sale is a transaction involving securities which the seller does not own at the time of sale or, if the securities are owned by the seller, where they will be delivered on a delayed basis (meaning that the securities are not delivered within 20 days after the sale or deposited in the mail or other usual channels of transportation within five days after the sale). Selling securities short is consistent with an expectation that the price of the securities will decline in the near future and is often speculative in nature. Short selling may arouse suspicion in the eyes of the SEC that the person was trading on the basis of inside information, particularly when the trading occurs before a major company announcement or event. Accordingly, our employees, officers, and directors are prohibited from engaging in short sales of Acuity securities or in any transaction in Acuity securities which is entered into with the expectation of, or that will benefit from, a decline in the price of Acuity securities. 
 
 Options and Derivative Securities 
 Derivative securities are securities contracts or arrangements whose value varies in relation to the price of Acuity securities. For example, derivative securities would include exchange-traded put or call options, as well as individually arranged derivative transactions, such as prepaid forwards. Many forms of derivatives are speculative in nature (meaning that their value fluctuates based on short-term changes in the price of Acuity shares), and the purchase or sale of such derivatives by Acuity employees could motivate them to take actions that are in conflict with the long-term interests of other stockholders and could also cause the appearance of misuse of inside information. Accordingly, our employees, officers and directors are prohibited from purchasing or selling derivative securities, or entering into derivatives contracts relating to Acuity securities. The prohibition on transactions in derivatives does not apply to stock options and other interests issued under Acuity employee benefit plans see Section VI below on Permitted Transactions . If you have any question as to whether a particular type of arrangement or derivative transaction is permitted under this Policy, you should contact the Corporate Secretary. 
 
 Pledged Securities Margin Loans Hedges 
 Under typical pledge or margin arrangements, a lender or broker is entitled to sell securities which you have deposited as collateral for loans if the value of your securities falls below a specified level or in certain other circumstances. Even though you did not initiate the sale or control its timing, because it is still a sale for your benefit, you may be subject to liability under insider trading laws if such a sale is made at a time when the window is closed (as described below) or you are in possession of material non-public information at the time of such a sale. If such a sale involves a member of Group Three, it can also bring unwanted negative publicity. In addition, pledging may be used as a part of hedging strategy that would remove the full risk and rewards of stock ownership, and sever your alignment with that of Acuity s other securityholders. 

Exhibit 19 

Because of the concerns about pledging and or hedging Acuity securities, members of Group Three are prohibited from both (1) pledging Acuity s securities as collateral for a loan and (2) hedging Acuity securities. This Policy does not prohibit members of Group Three from holding Acuity securities in brokerage accounts, so long as any Acuity securities held in such account are explicitly excluded from any margin or pledge arrangements and do not involve any hedging transaction. Sales of Acuity securities which are held in a margin account are not exempt from insider trading laws or this Policy. Accordingly, even though utilizing such accounts that exclude Acuity securities would not be subject to restrictions under this Policy, you should be extremely careful when utilizing a margin loan in a brokerage account that contains your Acuity securities. 
 All of our employees, officers and directors are prohibited from hedging Acuity securities, including, but not limited to, engaging in short sales of Acuity common stock. 
 Although members of Group One and Group Two are not prohibited from pledging Acuity stock, sales of Acuity securities that members of these groups have pledged as security for a loan or which are held in a margin account are not exempt from insider trading laws or this Policy. Accordingly, even though entering into such arrangements would not be considered a sale, and would not be subject to restrictions under this Policy, members of Group One and Two should be extremely careful when pledging Acuity securities, utilizing a margin loan in a brokerage account or otherwise using Acuity securities as collateral for a loan. 
 Any sale must be made in compliance with the restrictions under this Policy that apply to you, such as trading windows and pre-clearance requirements. As a result, if you pledge your Acuity securities or use Acuity securities to secure a margin loan, you may be forced to take actions (for instance, depositing additional money or selling other securities) in order to avoid your lender or broker selling your Acuity securities at a time that would result in a violation of insider trading laws or this Policy. Similar cautions apply to any other arrangements under which you have used Acuity securities as collateral. 
 Members of Group Two must receive pre-clearance prior to entering into any pledge or margin arrangement involving Acuity securities to avoid an inadvertent violation of this Policy. 
 
 Safest Time for Transactions 
 All employees, whether or not subject to the trading windows or pre-clearance procedures described in this Policy, are reminded that the safest time for transactions in Acuity securities will generally be just after the trading window opens after the release by the Company of financial information relating to a completed quarter, as described in Section IV below. The appearance of improper trading may increase as the Company approaches the end of the next fiscal quarter. 
 
 III. Unauthorized Disclosure of Material Non-public Information Prohibited 
 
 General Rule 
 No employee, officer or director may disclose material non-public information about Acuity or any company with which Acuity deals to anyone outside of Acuity, unless authorized to do so. 

Exhibit 19 

Tipping 
 Under the federal securities laws, you can be held responsible not only for your own insider trading, but also for securities transactions by anyone to whom you disclose material non-public information. Even if those to whom you disclose such information do not trade while aware of the information, you can be responsible for the trades of persons who received material non-public information indirectly from you, if you are the ultimate source of their information. 
 
 Discussing or Recommending Acuity Securities 
 We recognize that employee enthusiasm for Acuity and its business prospects is a vital element of our success. You should, however, use extreme caution when discussing Acuity or our securities with anyone outside of Acuity. In the course of discussing Acuity or our securities, accidental disclosure of material non-public information can occur and can be viewed as tipping. Likewise, recommendations of our securities can also result in embarrassing situations for you or the Company if you make a recommendation at a time when there is a pending announcement of material non-public information by the Company, even if you are unaware of that information. 
 
 Internet Postings and Social Media 
 No employee, officer or director may disclose confidential information about Acuity on the Internet or through social media, including discussion forums, blogs and social media (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, Pinterest, YouTube and other social media networks). Disclosures of material non-public information through this type of media may amount to a tip or leak of such information, in violation of this Policy, other Company policies regarding computer and social media usage and applicable law. 
 
 Authorization to Disclose Material Non-public Information 
 We authorize only certain employees, officers and directors to make public disclosures of material non-public information or to confer with persons outside the Company regarding such information (for example, our auditors, outside counsel and other advisors). Unless you are authorized to do so by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, or the Corporate Secretary, you should not discuss material non-public information with anyone not in the Company. Even in discussions with other Acuity employees, you should consider the consequences of disclosing material non-public information to them. For example, by doing so, you would preclude those persons from trading in Acuity s securities until the information is publicly disclosed. Accordingly, you should restrict the communication of material non-public information to those employees, officers, and directors having a need to know in order to serve Acuity s interests. 
 
 Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure) 
 There are SEC rules and regulations banning selective disclosure of material information relating to public companies. Generally, these regulations provide that when a public company (such as Acuity) discloses material non-public information, it must provide broad, non-exclusionary public access to the information (for example, through press releases, publicly available conference calls or webcasts). Violations of these regulations can result in SEC enforcement actions, resulting in injunctions and severe monetary penalties. Regulation FD applies largely to a limited group of senior officers and the investor relations personnel who regularly communicate with securities 

Exhibit 19 

market professionals and shareholders. Remember that no other Acuity employees, officers or directors are authorized to communicate information regarding the Company with securities market professionals, shareholders or members of the media. You should refer to Acuity s Disclosure Policy for further information about these regulations and requirements. 
 
 Non-Disclosure Agreements 
 Employees, officers and directors involved in transactions or other negotiations that require disclosure of material non-public information with parties outside Acuity should generally have those to whom such information is being disclosed sign a non-disclosure agreement approved by the General Counsel. The non-disclosure agreement will require that the recipient of information not disclose the information to others and require the recipient not to trade in Acuity securities while in possession of such information. You should confer with the General Counsel whenever a non-disclosure agreement may be needed. 
 
 IV. Trading Windows 
 
 Standard Trading Windows 
 Members of Groups Two and Three may only purchase or sell Acuity s securities 
 during the designated trading windows described below and 
 when the individual is not otherwise in possession of material non-public information. 
 Outside of the trading windows, members of Groups Two and Three may not purchase or sell Acuity securities, even if they are not personally aware of any material non-public information. However, members of Groups Two and Three may engage in Permitted Transactions (described in Section VI below) outside of the trading windows. 
 We will communicate to each member of Groups Two and Three when each trading window will open and close. It is expected that the trading window generally will open one full trading day after our quarterly release of earnings and will close on the first business day of the last month of the then-current fiscal quarter. However, you should not expect that the window will open on any particular date or remain open for any minimum period of time. Significant corporate developments may require changes to the schedule, including closing the window at the Company s option at any time. 
 Do not confuse the applicability of the trading windows with the broader prohibition on trading when you are in possession of material non-public information described in Section II. Regardless of whether the trading window is open or closed, you may not trade in Acuity securities if you are in actual possession of material non-public information about Acuity. 
 
 Special Blackouts 
 We reserve the right to impose a trading blackout from time to time on all or any group of our employees, officers or directors when, in the judgment of our Corporate Secretary and other senior officers, a blackout is warranted. During a special blackout, you will not be permitted to purchase or sell Acuity securities and you may or may not be allowed to execute Permitted Transactions (as defined below). A special blackout may also prohibit you from trading in the securities of other 

Exhibit 19 

companies. If the Corporate Secretary imposes a blackout to which you are subject, we will notify you when the blackout begins and when it ends and the securities and transactions to which it applies. 
 
 Standing Orders Limit Orders 
 Purchases or sales resulting from standing orders or limit orders may result in the execution of orders without your control over the transaction or your awareness of the timing of the transaction. Even though you placed the order at a time when you were permitted to enter into transactions, you must be certain that this type of order will not be executed when you are in possession of material non-public information about the company or during a blackout period. Accordingly, any standing orders should be used only for a very brief period and with detailed instructions to the broker who will execute the transaction. (Standing orders under an approved Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan, described below, will not be subject to these limitations.) 
 
 Acuity 
 Prior to purchasing or selling any Acuity securities for, or on behalf of, Acuity, Acuity s Treasurer (or an officer designated in writing by the Treasurer or Chief Financial Officer) will confirm with the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer, that Acuity is not in possession of any material non-public information. 
 
 V. Pre-Clearance of Transactions 
 
 General 
 Before purchasing or selling Acuity securities, members of Group Three must obtain clearance of the transaction from the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer. This clearance must be obtained before you place the order for, or otherwise initiate, any transaction in Acuity securities. Any pre-clearance that you obtain will be valid for a transaction executed within five business days, unless either the pre-clearance is granted for a shorter period or you learn of material non-public information during that time. Whether or not your request for pre-clearance is granted, you must not inform anyone else of the results of your request. 
 
 Additionally, (a) as described in Section II, members of Group Two must receive pre-clearance prior to entering into any pledge or margin arrangement involving Acuity securities, and (b) as described in this Section V, members of Group Three must pre-clear all gifts of shares. 
 
 For any transaction requiring pre-clearance under this Policy, the person or entity seeking pre-clearance must disclose any material non-public information of which he, she, they or it is aware, at the time of such request, to the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer. 
 
 Do not confuse pre-clearance of transactions with the broader prohibition on trading when you are in possession of material non-public information described in Section II. Regardless of whether you have received pre-clearance for a transaction or whether a trading window is open or closed, you may not trade in Acuity securities if you are in actual possession of material non-public information about Acuity. 

Exhibit 19 

Permitted Transactions 
 Members of Group Three are not required to receive pre-clearance prior to entering into any Permitted Transaction, except they are required to do so before exercising any stock options or making any gifts of Acuity securities. 
 
 VI. Permitted Transactions 
 
 The following are Permitted Transactions (each described in more detail following the bullet point summary) 
 acceptance or receipt of a stock option, shares of restricted stock or similar grants of securities under one of Acuity s employee benefit plans (including elections to acquire securities in lieu of other compensation) or the cancellation or forfeiture of options, restricted stock or securities pursuant to Acuity s plans 
 purchasing securities under an Acuity employee stock purchase plan, if such a plan is in effect, but not making or changing any election to participate in an Acuity stock purchase plan (see further discussion which follows) 
 earning or vesting of stock options or shares of restricted stock and any related stock withholding by the Company, including to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon such vesting (provided, however, a Permitted Transaction does not include any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option, any tax withholding requirements, or otherwise in connection with the vesting of stock options or restricted stock) 
 subject to applicable pre-clearance requirements, exercise of stock options issued under Acuity s employee benefit plans in a cash exercise, a stock-for-stock exercise or a net share exercise, payment of the exercise price in shares of already-owned stock and any related stock withholding transactions, but not (1) the sale of any stock acquired in the option exercise, (2) a cashless exercise in which shares are sold in the market, or (3) the use of proceeds from the sale of any such shares to exercise additional options (see further discussion which follows) 
 transferring shares to an entity that does not involve a change in the beneficial ownership of the shares, for example, to an inter vivos trust of which you are the sole beneficiary during your lifetime (see further discussion which follows) 
 making payroll contributions to the Acuity 401(k) plan, deferred compensation plan or any similar plan, but not (1) intraplan transfers involving any Acuity securities or (2) a change in investment direction under such plan to increase or decrease your percentage investment contribution allocated to Acuity securities (see further discussion which follows) 
 execution of a transaction pursuant to a contract, instruction, or plan described in Securities Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 (called a Trading Plan ), as discussed below (see further discussion which follows) or 

Exhibit 19 

any other transaction designated by the board of directors, any board committee or the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer, with reference to this Policy, as a Permitted Transaction. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plan Transactions 
 Included in the definition of Permitted Transactions are most of the ongoing transactions you might enter into under Acuity s equity-based benefit plans. For example, although your ongoing participation in a plan may involve the regular purchase of Acuity s common stock, either directly pursuant to an investment election, those purchases are Permitted Transactions. Note, however, that the movement of balances in those plans into or out of Acuity securities or changes in your investment direction under those plans are not Permitted Transactions. This means that you may not make such transfers or elections while you are in possession of material non-public information and that such transfers or elections must be made in compliance with any other restrictions under this Policy that apply to you (for instance, such transfers or elections could only be made during an open trading window and with pre-clearance if you are in Group Three). 
 Transactions in employee stock options are also considered Permitted Transactions if there is no related sale on the market or to a person other than Acuity. Note, however, that a sale of stock following or in connection with an option exercise is not a transaction with Acuity and is, therefore, not a Permitted Transaction. Thus, you may engage in a cash exercise of an option as long as you retain the stock you buy in the exercise. You can also engage in stock-for-stock exercises or elect stock withholding without violating the Policy. However, it would not be a Permitted Transaction for you to exercise a stock option, sell the resulting shares and then use the proceeds from that sale to pay for the exercise of additional stock options in a same day sale. Although exercises of Acuity stock options are Permitted Transactions, members of Groups Two and Three must pre-clear all stock option exercises. 
 
 Transactions in Which There is No Change in Beneficial Ownership 
 Certain transactions involve merely a change in the form in which you own securities. For example, you may transfer shares of stock to a trust if you are the only beneficiary of the trust during your lifetime. Likewise, changing the form of ownership to include a member of your household as a joint owner or as a sole owner is a Permitted Transaction since members of your household are considered the same as you for purposes of this Policy (and the shares will remain subject to the terms of this Policy). 
 
 Trading Plans 
 The SEC has enacted a rule (Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 )) that provides an affirmative defense against violations of the insider trading laws. To be eligible to rely on this defense, you must enter into a trading plan for transactions in Acuity securities that meets certain conditions specified in Rule 10b5-1 (a Trading Plan ). If the Trading Plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, Acuity securities may be purchased, sold or otherwise transacted in without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. The Trading Plan must, along with other legally-required terms and conditions 
 specify the amount, price and date of the transaction 

Exhibit 19 

specify an objective method for determining the amount, price and date of the transaction or 
 place the discretion for determining amount, price, and date of the transaction in another person who is not, at the time of the transaction, in possession of material non-public information. 
 You must act in good faith with respect to the plan and may not exercise any discretion or influence over the amount, price, and date of the transaction(s) after entering into the Trading Plan. The rules regarding Trading Plans are extremely complex and must be complied with completely to be effective. You should consider consultation with your own legal advisor before proceeding with entering into any Trading Plan. 
 A Trading Plan must be entered into in good faith. In addition, any restrictions under this Policy that apply to you when purchasing or selling Acuity securities also apply to you when establishing a Trading Plan. Therefore, you may not establish a Trading Plan when you are in possession of material non-public information about Acuity and, to the extent trading windows and special blackout periods apply to you, those restrictions must be complied with in connection with establishing a Trading Plan. Rule 10b5-1 (a) requires a person (other than a director or Section 16 Officer or the Company) wait to begin trading under a 10b5-1 Plan until 30 days after the adoption of the plan, (b) generally prohibits a person from having more than one plan in place at the same time and (c) restricts persons from relying on a single-trade plan more than once during any 12-month period. In addition, the following requirements with respect to Trading Plans also apply to members of Group Three, as well as their Family Members and Controlled Entities 
 Only enter into or amend a Trading Plan during an open trading window. 
 The Trading Plan must also include a representation certifying that they are not aware of material nonpublic information about Acuity and are adopting the plan in good faith and not as a scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5. 
 The first trade under the Trading Plan may not occur under until the later of (a) 90 days after the adoption of the plan or (b) two business days following the disclosure of Acuity s financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K relating to the quarter in which the plan was adopted, subject to a maximum of 120 days after adoption of the plan. 
 Unless expressly approved by the General Counsel and compliant with Rule 10b5-1, have only one 10b5-1 Plan in effect at a time. 
 Any amendment to a Trading Plan will be treated as a termination of an existing Trading Plan and the entry into a new Trading Plan. Accordingly, the terms of any amendment must be approved in accordance with the terms of this Policy and shall otherwise comply with the terms of this Policy as if the amendment were a new Trading Plan. 
 You must consult with the General Counsel prior to terminating a Trading Plan. 
 The Company may from time to time adopt additional rules for the establishment and operation of Trading Plans, and you will need to comply with these rules in order to utilize a Trading Plan. In addition, all of our employees, officers and directors are required to receive pre-clearance before entering into, amending or terminating any Trading Plan. Once a Trading Plan has been pre-cleared by the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer, transactions executed pursuant to that Trading Plan do not require approval. 

Exhibit 19 

In establishing any Trading Plan, you should carefully consider the timing of your transactions under the Trading Plan. Even though transactions executed in accordance with a Trading Plan are exempt from the insider trading rules, the trades may nonetheless occur at times shortly before Acuity announces material news, and the media may not understand the nuances of trading pursuant to a Trading Plan. 
 
 VII. Sanctions for Violations of this Policy 
 
 The SEC, the stock exchanges and plaintiffs lawyers focus on uncovering insider trading, and use sophisticated technologies to investigate suspicious activity. 
 A breach of the insider trading laws could expose the insider to criminal fines of up to 5,000,000 and imprisonment of up to 20 years, in addition to civil penalties (up to three times the profits earned), and injunctive actions. In addition, punitive damages may be imposed under applicable state laws. Securities laws also subject controlling persons to civil penalties for illegal insider trading by employees. Controlling persons include directors, officers and supervisors. These persons may be subject to fines of up to the greater of 1,000,000 or three times the profit realized or loss avoided by the insider. Accordingly, all Acuity employees must comply with this policy and applicable securities laws and ensure that those employees who they supervise also comply. 
 Inside information does not belong to any of Acuity s individual employees, officers or directors. This information is an asset of the company. For any person to use such information for personal benefit or to disclose it to others outside of the Company violates Acuity s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, this Policy and federal securities laws. More particularly, insider trading is a fraud against members of the investing public and against the Company. Whether or not there is any actual trading of our securities, any violation of this Policy will be grounds for discipline, up to termination of employment for cause. 
 
 VIII. Administration of this Policy 
 Administration by the Corporate Secretary 
 The day-to-day administration of this Policy will be carried out by the Corporate Secretary. If you have any questions concerning the interpretation of this Policy, you should direct your questions to the Corporate Secretary. 
 
 Reporting Violations 
 If you become aware of any violation of this Policy, you should report it immediately to the Corporate Secretary or the General Counsel. You can also reach out to our Ethics Helpline 
 Via the internet ethicshelpline.acuitybrands.com 
 Via telephone, 24 hours day, 7 days week 
 
 U.S. and Canada 
 800-461-9330 or via text 770-637-0324 
 China 
 400-120-3062 
 France 
 0805-080339 
 Mexico 
 01-800-681-6945 

Exhibit 19 

Netherlands 
 0-800-022-0441 
 United Kingdom 
 0-808-189-1053 
 
 Exemptions 
 An individual subject to the trading windows or special blackout periods described in Section IV may request the General Counsel, Corporate Secretary or an officer designated in writing by either such officer to grant him, her or them a hardship exemption from those restrictions if such person is not otherwise prohibited from trading under Section II. However, we anticipate that exemptions will be given very rarely and only in extreme circumstances. 
 
 Amendment of the Policy 
 This Policy may be amended by the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors. If the Policy is amended, we will communicate to you through normal communications channels the substance of any such changes. 
 Please bear in mind that the ultimate responsibility for complying with this Policy and applicable laws, rules and regulations rests with you. You should use your best judgment and consult with the Corporate Secretary or the General Counsel and your legal and financial advisors, as needed. 

Department Board Legal 
 
 Policy Number 7.004 
 
 Effective Date June 26, 2024 
 
 Version 2 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 5
 ayi-20240831xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 List of Subsidiaries 
 Acuity Brands, Inc. 
 As of August 31, 2024 
 
 Subsidiary or Affiliate Principal Location State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization A to Z Manufacturing LLC Tucson, Arizona Arizona AB Netherlands Holdings B.V. Netherlands Netherlands ABL IP Holding LLC Atlanta, Georgia Georgia Acuity Aviation LLC Atlanta, Georgia Georgia Acuity Brands Insurance (Bermuda) Ltd. Hamilton, Bermuda Bermuda Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc. Atlanta, Georgia Delaware Acuity Brands Lighting Canada, Inc. Markham, Ontario Canada Acuity Brands Lighting (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Hong Kong Acuity Brands Lighting de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Monterrey, Nuevo Leon Mexico Acuity Brands Mexico Holdings II LLC Atlanta, Georgia Delaware Acuity Brands Netherlands B.V. Eindhoven, the Netherlands Netherlands Acuity Brands Services, Inc. Atlanta, Georgia Delaware Acuity Brands Technology Services, Inc. Atlanta, Georgia Delaware Acuity Intelligent Spaces UK Limited United Kingdom United Kingdom Acuity Mexico Holdings, LLC Atlanta, Georgia Delaware Acuity Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. Shanghai, People's Republic of China People's Republic of China Amerillum, LLC Atlanta, Georgia California Arizona (Tianjin) Electronics Products Trade Co., Ltd Tianjin, People's Republic of China People's Republic of China Arizona Trading Company Limited Hong Kong Hong Kong Castlight de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico Mexico Distech Controls Inc. Brossard, Quebec, Canada British Columbia, Canada Distech Controls Energy Services (Canada) Inc. Brossard, Quebec, Canada Quebec, Canada Distech Controls Energy Services, Inc. Atlanta, Georgia Texas Distech Controls Facility Solutions Inc. Ottawa, Ontario, Canada Ontario, Canada Distech Controls SAS Brignais, France France Distech Controls SAS Sweden, PE France eldoLAB Holding B.V. Eindhoven, the Netherlands Netherlands eldoLED B.V. Eindhoven, the Netherlands Netherlands EXY Poland sp. z o.o. Warsaw, Poland Poland Holophane S.A. de C.V. Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico Mexico Holophane Europe Ltd. Milton Keynes, England United Kingdom Holophane Lighting Ltd. Milton Keynes, England United Kingdom HSA Acquisition Company, LLC Atlanta, Georgia Ohio ID Limited Douglas, Isle of Man Isle of Man KE2 Therm Solutions, Inc. Washington, Missouri Missouri KE2 Connect, LLC Washington, Missouri Missouri Luminaire LED, LLC Atlanta, Georgia Delaware Luxfab Ltd Milton Keynes, England United Kingdom Rockpile Ventures, Inc. Seattle, Washington Delaware The Luminaires Group Inc. Montreal, Quebec, Canada Quebec, Canada The Luminaires Group U.S.A., LLC Atlanta, Georgia Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 6
 ayi-20240831xex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 
 Exhibit 22 

 List of Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is the issuer of the 2.150 Notes due 2030, that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Acuity Brands, Inc. (the Company and the following subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 Subsidiary Name State or Country of Incorporation or Formation ABL IP Holding LLC Georgia 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 7
 ayi-20240831xex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-275184) of Acuity Brands, Inc., Acuity Brands Lighting, Inc., and ABL IP Holding LLC, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-74242) pertaining to the Acuity Brands, Inc. 401(k) Plan, Acuity Lighting Group, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Retirement Plan for Salaried Employees, Acuity Lighting Group, Inc. 401(k) Plan for Hourly Employees, Holophane Division of Acuity Lighting Group 401(k) Plan for Hourly Employees, and Holophane Division of Acuity Lighting Group 401(k) Plan for Hourly Employees Covered by a Collective Bargaining Agreement, (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-74246) pertaining to the Acuity Brands, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan, Acuity Brands, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and Acuity Brands, Inc. 2001 Nonemployee Directors Stock Option Plan, (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-123999) pertaining to the Acuity Brands, Inc. 401(k) Plan, (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-138384) pertaining to the Acuity Brands, Inc. 2005 Supplemental Deferred Savings Plan, and Acuity Brands, Inc. Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated), (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-185971) pertaining to the Acuity Brands, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan, (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-222510) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Acuity Brands, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan, (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-179243) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Acuity Brands, Inc. 2011 Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, and the Amended and Restated Acuity Brands, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan, and (9) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-262426) pertaining to the. Amended and Restated Acuity Brands, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Stock Incentive Compensation Plan 
 of our reports dated October 28, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Acuity Brands, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Acuity Brands, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Acuity Brands, Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 October 28, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 ayi-20240831xex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 
 Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s Marcia J. Avedon, Ph.D. 
 Marcia J. Avedon, Ph.D. 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s W. Patrick Battle 
 W. Patrick Battle 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s Michael J. Bender 
 Michael J. Bender 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s G. Douglas Dillard, Jr. 
 G. Douglas Dillard, Jr. 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s James H. Hance, Jr. 
 James H. Hance, Jr. 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s Maya Leibman 
 Maya Leibman 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s Laura G. O'Shaughnessy 
 Laura G. O'Shaughnessy 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s Mark J. Sachleben 
 Mark J. Sachleben 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Neil M. Ashe and Karen J. Holcom, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact (with full power of substitution and resubstitution) to act for the undersigned in his or her name, place, and stead in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Acuity Brands, Inc., to file a registrant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and any and all amendments thereto, with any exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact or either of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 s Mary A. Winston 
 Mary A. Winston 
 
 Dated October 24, 2024 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.A>
 9
 ayi-20240831xex31a.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 
 Exhibit 31(A) 

I, Neil M. Ashe, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Acuity Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 28, 2024 
 s Neil M. Ashe Neil M. Ashe Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has been provided to Acuity Brands, Inc., and will be retained by Acuity Brands, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 10
 ayi-20240831xex31b.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 
 Exhibit 31(B) 

I, Karen J. Holcom, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Acuity Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 28, 2024 
 s Karen J. Holcom Karen J. Holcom Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has been provided to Acuity Brands, Inc., and will be retained by Acuity Brands, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 11
 ayi-20240831xex32a.htm
 EX-32.A

Document 
 Exhibit 32(A) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Acuity Brands, Inc. (the Corporation for the year ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certifies that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 s Neil M. Ashe Neil M. Ashe Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer October 28, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Acuity Brands, Inc., and will be retained by Acuity Brands, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 12
 ayi-20240831xex32b.htm
 EX-32.B

Document 
 Exhibit 32(B) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Acuity Brands, Inc. (the Corporation for the year ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certifies that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 s Karen J. Holcom Karen J. Holcom Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer October 28, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Acuity Brands, Inc., and will be retained by Acuity Brands, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 ayi-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 ayi-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 ayi-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 ayi-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 ayi-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

