<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241017_10-K_edgar_data_1281845_0001493152-24-041450.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10340664</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252527</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1643468</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3399852</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2079965</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2686416</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-041450.hdr.sgml : 20241017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241017172336
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-041450
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unique Logistics International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001281845
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				010721929
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50612
		FILM NUMBER:		241378412

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		154-09 146TH AVE
		CITY:			JAMAICA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11434
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(718) 978-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		154-09 146TH AVE
		CITY:			JAMAICA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11434

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIQUE LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIQUE LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INNOCAP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-041450.txt : 20241017

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
 Name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code Tel: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes
 No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2023 was . 

As
of October 17, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 12 
 
 ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 22 
 
 ITEM
1C 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 22 

PART II 
 23 

ITEM
 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 6 
 [RESERVED] 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 33 

PART III 
 33 

ITEM
 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 40 

PART IV 
 40 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 44 

2 

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION 

Descriptions
of agreements or other documents contained in this report are intended as summaries and are not necessarily complete. Please refer to
the agreements or other documents filed or incorporated herein by reference as exhibits. Please see the exhibit index at the end of this
report for a complete list of those exhibits. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue
or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, goals and objectives of management for future operations; any statements
concerning proposed new products and services or developments thereof; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance;
any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

Forward
looking statements may include the words may, could, estimate, intend, continue, 
 believe, expect or anticipate or other similar words, or the negative thereof. These forward-looking
statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We do not undertake to update
forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the dates they are made. You should, however,
consult further disclosures and risk factors we include in Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports
filed on Form 8-K. 

In
our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), references
to: (a) Common Stock refers to our Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share; and (b) Unique Logistics International,
Inc., Unique, UNQL the Company, we, us, our 
and similar terms refer to Unique Logistics International, Inc. and its wholly owned operating subsidiaries. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Business
Overview 

Unique
Logistics provides a full range of global logistics services by providing to its customers a robust international network that strategically
supports the movement of its customers goods. Acting solely as a third-party logistics provider, Unique Logistics purchases available
cargo space in volume from its network of carriers (such as airlines, ocean shipping, and trucking lines) and resells that space to its
customers. Unique Logistics does not own any of these ships, trucks, or aircraft and does not plan on entering the ownership model. 

Operating
via its subsidiaries, Unique Logistics provides a range of international logistics services that enable its customers to
outsource to the Company sections of their supply chain process. Our network of trained employees and integrated information systems
seamlessly manage the services that we provide to our customers. We enable our customers to share data regarding their international
vendors and purchase orders with us, execute the flow of goods and information under their operating instructions, provide visibility
to the flow of goods from factory to distribution center or store and when required, update their inventory records. 

Unique
Logistics primary services include: 

Air
 freight services; 

Ocean
 freight services; 

Customs
 brokerage and compliance services; 

Warehousing
 and distribution services; and 

Order
 management. 

Air
Freight Services 

Operating
as an indirect air carrier or an airfreight consolidator, Unique Logistics provides both time savings and cost-effective air freight
options to its customers. An expansive global network enables the Company to offer door to door service allowing customers to benefit
from its expert staff for guidance with the physical movement of cargo and documentation compliance. Unique Logistics purchases cargo
space from airlines on a volume basis and resells that space to its customers at a lower price than they would be able to negotiate themselves
for their individual shipments. Through its integrated management system, the Company determines the best routing for shipments and then
makes arrangements to receive the cargo into a designated warehouse. Upon receipt, we inspect and weigh the cargo, collect documentation,
and process export clearance. Once cargo is cleared it is prepared for departure. Unique Logistics offers real-time tracking visibility
for customers to view when an order is booked, departs, and arrives. Unique Logistics contracts with a worldwide network of airlines
and other service providers to provide the best airfreight service in assisting importers to ship using the most efficient and cost-effective
method. Some of the selections we offer include: 

International,
 domestic, deferred, express and charter services, which permit customers to choose from a menu of different priority options that
 secure, at different price levels, greater assurance of timely delivery; 

4 

Port
 to port and door to door shipments, which provide customers the option of managing, independently, the post-arrival services such
 as delivery or clearance if the Company is not providing such services; 

Global
 blocked space agreements, which guarantee the availability of space on certain flights; 

Air
 and ocean combination shipment, which offer cost effective transportation using multimodal, combination movements, by one mode to
 an international hub, such as Dubai, UAE or Singapore, and converting to a different mode at the hub; 

Air
 and transload dedicated truck shipment, where arriving cargo is transferred from airline container or pallet into a truckload ready
 for delivery; 

Dangerous
 goods handling requiring qualified handling; and 

Refrigerated
 cargo. 

Our
air freight customer base is comprised of importers in various industries including fashion retail, technology and general department
stores merchandise importers. The majority of shipments originate in Asian manufacturing countries. Air freight is seasonal for fashion
retailers, with the period July through December being much stronger than the remainder of the year. For technology companies, the seasonal
impact is less pronounced. 

The
Company works with its international network to ensure air freight shipping capacity is secured and planned in advance to meet our customers 
requirements. We then make this capacity available to our customers at competitive prices and with the added security of availability,
particularly during peak air freight shipping periods. We supplement scheduled capacity with full charter capacity to ensure that we
meet customer capacity requirements throughout the year. While capacity management is critical to securing and maintaining air freight
customers, the Company will try to quickly move to the position of offering additional primary services to our air freight customers. 

The
Company s integrated management system is built around a cloud-based software package known as Cargo Wise. The software is accessible
to our offices or overseas third party associates when planning and recording the receipt of cargo and booking shipments. The Cargo Wise
system assists in the creation of documentation required to plan each shipment, including management information systems that enable
our operational management teams to generate reports or provide access to information to our customers so that they have daily visibility
to their purchased orders. This enables shipments to be approved, planned, and routed within the available air freight capacity procured
by the Company. The Cargo Wise software is part of the integrated management system that also incorporates (in some cases with interface)
airline resources, congestion/market condition information, pricing databases, customer preferences in key account management databases
and the trained personnel and experienced managers that make decisions as required based on the information. 

Ocean
Freight Services 

Operating
as an ocean transportation intermediary to provide ocean freight service both as a non-vessel owning common carrier NVOCC and ocean freight forwarder, Unique Logistics provides to its customers ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding, and order
management. We are a common carrier that holds itself out to the public to provide ocean transportation, issues its own house bills of
lading or equivalent document, but does not operate the vessels by which ocean transportation is provided. The Company s roles
and responsibilities in ocean freight services include the following: 

Selecting
 the most optimal ocean carriers based on both cost and service. The Company has NVOCC contracts with multiple ocean carriers and
 is thus able to offer its customers a choice in service; 

Entering
 into contract/rate agreement with clients to transport their ocean shipments. Under such contracts the customer is assured of the
 Company s pricing and weekly capacity to carry the customer s cargo; 

5 

Consolidating
 shipments at origin/deconsolidating of freight at destination. This enables the customer to receive the economics of a consolidated
 container rate rather than a higher rate for less than full container load. It also makes delivery at destination more efficient; 

Arranging
 pick-up of shipment at origin and deliver at destination, with a factory to door service; 

Preparing
 and processing the documentation/clearance (customs/security) for shipments during ocean transit, in advance of arrival of shipment
 at destination; 

Providing
 ocean freight services in both major and minor trade lanes with representation in all trading nations in Americas, Asia, and Europe; 

Offering
 a wide array of services typically performed by multiple services providers including, but not limited to, offering options to customers
 on ocean carrier service choices prior to final selection and securing such space based on customer requirement; this enables our
 customers to delegate more of their logistics management to us whereas a more limited range of service would require the customer
 to deal with multiple service providers; 

Communicating
 on any regulation/compliance issues on exporting and importing shipments; 

Playing
 an intermediary role at any point of ocean transportation based on a customer s routing preferences; and 

Providing
 space acquisition on carrier service for committed delivery during high demand periods and providing a lower-price option in weak
 demand season for the greatest possible cost saving. 

Some
of the major industry sectors we serve in connection with our ocean freight services are home products and appliances, furniture, automotive,
giftware and fashion. Our customers include retailers as well as wholesale importers. Our volumes enable us to enter into significant
contracts with shipping lines to lock in capacity at prices that enable us to secure and retain customers. 

Customs
Brokerage and Compliance Services 

Unique
Logistics is a licensed United States customs broker whose mission is to ensure that its importing clients are in compliance with all
required regulations. Our services help importers clear cargo with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including documentation collection,
valuation review, product classification, electronic submission to customs and the collection and payment of duties, tariffs, and fees.
Unique Logistics works with importers to develop a compliant trade program including product databases, compliance manuals and periodic
internal audits. The development of product databases has become critical in the current economic environment due to increasing trade
tensions and various tariffs imposed as a result. Unique Logistics also offers importers tools to improve efficiency such as reporting,
visibility and trade consulting, including training seminars. Our additional services include: 

Preparation
 of the Import Security Filing (10+2) required to be on file 24 hours prior to shipment departure; 

Clearance
 and compliance with other government agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Consumer
 Product Safety Commission and U.S. Fish Wildlife Service; 

Focused
 assessment and internal audit to determine and eliminate weak areas of compliance; 

Post-entry
 service to change past entries and take advantage of tariff exclusions granted after the original entry was processed; 

Binding
 rulings to obtain pre-entry classification; 

Classification
 and valuation; 

Trade
 agreements; 

Warehouse
 entries to defer duty; 

Licensing
 and country of origin marking requirements; 

Free
 Trade Zone; 

Duty
 drawback to get duty back on items exported under certain requirements; and 

Cargo
 insurance coverage. 

6 

Warehousing
and Distribution Services 

Unique
Logistics operates a warehousing facility in Santa Fe Springs, California, and plans to expand such services through its own managed
facilities. We lease this facility, which is 110,000 sq. ft. with storage capacity for approximately 9,000 pallets and 10 dedicated employees.
Unique Logistics also provides warehousing and distribution services through third party facilities. 

Warehousing
and distribution services enable Unique Logistics to greatly expand its involvement in our customers supply chain, post arrival
of international shipments into the United States. By providing inventory management, order fulfillment, and other services, our customers
benefit from cost savings related to space, equipment, and labor due to efficiencies of scale. Our warehousing and distribution services
include: 

Transloading
 of cargo from incoming containers to trucks for delivery; 

Pick
 and pack services; 

Quality
 control services under customer instructions; 

Kitting; 

Storage; 

Inventory
 management; and 

Delivery
 services, including e-commerce fulfillment services. 

Warehousing
and distribution is a higher-margin business than air freight or ocean freight. In the case of freight service, we are primarily re-selling
capacity while in warehousing and distribution we are offering services based on fixed space cost, fixed staffing and equipment cost
and relatively smaller variable labor and equipment cost. The customer base includes freight customers with warehousing and distribution
needs as well as customers who are exclusively warehousing and distribution service users. Such customers are in a variety of industries,
including footwear, apparel, giftware, and home appliances. We bill customers under three broad categories - storage, transloading (with
quick turnaround and no storage) and other warehouse services listed above. The location of our existing warehouse, within 15 miles of
the Port of Los Angeles/Long Beach and 20 miles from Los Angeles Airport, is an important factor for our customers. Racking as well as
bulk storage space availability enables us to handle a variety of customer requirements. In recent years, severe congestion at the terminals
serving the Port of Los Angeles/Long Beach has increased the demand for transloading as well as short-term storage services at warehouses
such as ours that are within a 50-mile radius of the port. 

This
warehouse facility is the only such facility that we currently operate. We believe, however, that warehousing, and distribution is an
important opportunity for our business expansion. 

Order
Management 

Unique
Logistics offers order management services providing importers with total visibility on every order from the time placed with the supplier
to door delivery. Importers send orders electronically immediately upon creation, giving the Company the ability to assist in firmly
holding suppliers to shipping windows. This results in optimizing consolidation and improved on-time delivery. Order management also
gives importers the power to control their supply chain by monitoring key milestone events, tracking order status, and managing delivery
to their end-consumer. 

Our
order management services include the following features: 

Importer
 and vendor Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) integration; 

Key
 milestone notifications customized per importers requirements; 

Vendor,
 booking and document management; 

Customized
 reporting including exception reporting for maximum efficiency; 

Consolidation
 management; and 

Tracking
 visibility in real time. 

7 

Other
benefits include: 

Single
 data platform. 

Avoids
 a manual booking process. 

Eliminates
 unnecessary data entry. 

Document
 visibility and historical recordkeeping. 

Vendor
 key performance indicators (KPI) management. 

Live
 milestone updates. 

Industry
Overview and Competition 

The
global logistics industry is highly competitive, and we expect it to remain so for the foreseeable future. Although there are a large
number of companies that compete or provide services in one or more segments of the logistics industry, Unique Logistics is part of a
much smaller group of companies that provides a full suite of services. In each area of service, we face competition from companies operating
within that service segment as well as companies that provide a wider range of global services. 

The
industry includes (i) specialized NVOCCs, an ocean carrier that transports goods under its own house bill of lading, or equivalent documentation,
without operating ocean transportation vessels and (ii) indirect air carriers, which are persons or entities within the United States,
not in possession of a Federal Aviation Administration FAA air carrier operating certificate, that undertake to
engage indirectly in air transportation of property and uses for all or any part of such transportation the services of an air carrier,
freight forwarders, trucking companies, customs brokers and warehouse operators who operate within their specialized space and very often
pose pricing advantages within that segment. 

Our
mission is to bring value to our customers through specific competitive advantages: 

Trained,
 experienced staff with knowledge of those areas of the world where customers are likely to require problem solving abilities. 

Trained,
 experienced staff with knowledge of the various supply chain segments: air, ocean, customs, warehousing and information technology
 integration. 

Responsive
 customer service and the ability to meet our customers needs with people at the front of well-established processes. 

Our
customer base includes companies in a wide range of industries. Some of the major industry sectors we serve are home products and appliances,
furniture, fashion retail, automotive and technology. We aim to provide a wide range of services to each customer and cross sell all
of our primary services. 

Ocean
freight services and air freight services are the most significant revenue drivers for the Company. To distinguish our service offerings
from our competitors, our primary focus is on capacity management for these services. Our volumes enable us to enter significant contracts
with shipping lines to lock in capacity at prices that enable us to secure and retain customers. Similarly, our air freight capacity
strategy includes rate/space agreements with scheduled airlines as well as a full air cargo charter program under which we are able to
lock in capacity for our customers at contracted rates. 

While
capacity management is critical to establishing relations with new customers and securing existing ones, it is essential for the Company
to expand its range of services to each customer. Our customer support teams work with each customer to identify the areas, such
as customs brokerage, warehousing and distribution and order management, where our service offerings may create additional value-added
opportunities within the customer s supply chain. 

8 

Seasonality 

Historically,
our own operating results, as well as the industry as a whole, have been subject to seasonal demand. With our financial year end of May
31, typically our first and second quarters are the strongest with the fourth quarter being the weakest. There are no guarantees, however,
that these trends will continue. These seasonal trends are influenced by a number of factors, including weather patterns, national holidays,
economic conditions, consumer demand, major product launches, as well as a number of other market forces. As many of these forces are
unforeseen, there is no way for us to provide assurances that these seasonal trends will continue. 

Growth
Strategy 

Unique
Logistics has established plans to grow its business by focusing on the following key areas: (i) organic growth and expansion in existing
markets; (ii) strategic acquisitions; (iii) warehousing and distribution; (iv) growth of business on the Trans-Atlantic and Latin American
trade lanes; and (v) specialized services to United States companies on their overseas logistics needs in conjunction with the export
and distribution of products in certain Asian markets such as India, Vietnam and China. 

Organic
Growth and Expansion in Existing Markets 

We
plan to focus on developing business domestically to drive organic growth. Since our initial formation and combination, we have significantly
improved our operating efficiencies in the areas of procurement, customer service, finance, and administration. We have achieved this
by consolidating our volumes, centralizing many of the functions previously handled separately by individual operating subsidiaries,
and rationalizing our organizational structure, including hiring and empowering experienced executives in critical positions including
the hiring of a full time Chief Operating Officer. We believe that this has resulted in much lower overhead and the ability to build
a uniform marketing strategy to build market share and further Unique Logistics brand recognition throughout the United States.
Additionally, the Company will continuously assess its information technology environment based on emerging trends in logistics and customer
requirements. The first step in this strategy is already in place: a single operating platform. We will continue to build add-on service
tools that enhance our operating platform. One key area for technology focus will be the seamless delivery of e-commerce services from
origin to consumer, with shipment visibility for both the customer and the customer s consumer. 

We
believe that we can expand Unique Logistics business base, which includes three out of the 50 largest importers in the United
States, by building our sales organization and the support organization to successfully deliver our brand of service. 

Strategic
Acquisitions 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company acquired all of the share capital (the Purchased Shares owned by Unique Logistics
Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong corporation ULHK ), in eight subsidiaries 
(the ULHK Entities for 26.5 million, provided that the acquisition of the Purchased Shares in each of Unique Logistics
International Co., Ltd Unique-Taiwan and Unique Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. Unique-Vietnam were subject to receipt of all required governmental approvals in Taiwan and Vietnam, respectively, and the Company s acquisition
of the Purchased Shares in those entities would therefore not officially close until after such approvals were obtained. (the ULHK
Entities Acquisition ). We obtained the required Taiwan approvals on June 1, 2023, and closed on our acquisition of the Purchased
Shares in Unique-Taiwan on October 1, 2023. The Company has not yet received the required approvals in Vietnam. 

At
the closing of the ULHK Entities Acquisition, the Company paid 3.5 million in cash and issued promissory notes to ULHK totalling 23.0
million to purchase the Purchased Shares. Approximately 11.1 million of such promissory notes remain outstanding. 

As
a result of consummation of the ULHK Entities Acquisition, the Company became a party to certain agreements with the remaining
stockholders of each of three of the eight ULHK Entities (Equity Investments), one located in the United Kingdom and two located in China. Each of the
stockholder agreements contains restrictive negative covenants favouring the protection of the minority stockholders party thereto.
The stockholder agreements require unanimous written consent of all stockholders in the applicable ULHK Entity in order for the ULHK
Entity to, among other things: (i) adopt a business plan or materially change its business; (ii) change its name or amend its
organizational/governing documents; (iii) issue or create any new shares, alter the rights associated with any class of equity,
consolidate, sub-divide or convert any of its equity or capital, or issue securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of
the ULHK Entity; (iv) enter into a merger, amalgamation, or similar transaction, acquire ownership interests in any equity or
capital of any other company or undertaking, or enter into any partnership or enter into any profit-sharing agreement other than in
ordinary course of business; and (v) wind up, dissolve, or otherwise terminate its existence. 

9 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the ULHK Entities Acquisition, the Company purchased the remaining 458,370 shares of the ULHK Entity located in India
that were owned by Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. FTS ), which resulted in the Company owning all of the share
capital of this ULHK Entity, pursuant to a separate Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and FTS. FTS is owned by the Company s
President and Chief Executive Officer. In consideration for the shares, the Company issued a promissory note to FTS in the principal
amount of 500,000, bearing no interest and with a maturity date of February 21, 2025. 

On
August 1, 2024, the Company acquired all of the share capital owned by ULHK in Unique Logistics International (Sin) Pte Ltd. Unique
Singapore pursuant to a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Company and ULHK. Pursuant to the Share Sale and Purchase
Agreement, the purchase price for the shares was 2,150,000, including the Company s assumption of 1,800,000 of indebtedness owed
to ULHK by Unique Singapore and 350,000 in cash. The Company issued to ULHK a promissory note in the principal amount of 1,800,000
upon closing of the acquisition and the parties are negotiating with respect to the Company s issuance of a second promissory note
to ULHK to cover the additional 350,000 portion of the purchase price. The principal amount under the promissory note is due in full
on August 1, 2026, with interest accruing at an annual rate of 15 , payable semi-annually. 

Warehousing
and Distribution 

Unique
Logistics has a major warehousing facility in Santa Fe Springs, California and in-house management
expertise (commercial as well as operational) in successfully managing such facilities. Unique Logistics has also identified a method
of identifying growth opportunities by focusing on specific areas of the United States and existing well-constructed facilities where
lease assumption is available with an existing customer base. 

Specialized
Services to U.S. Companies in Overseas Markets 

Unique
Logistics has several decades of experience in Asian markets such as India, Vietnam and China. Unique Logistics is constantly
interacting with a United States customer base that seeks to do business in these areas but requires local expertise. We have the
experience and the connections to assist United States companies with local importation, local warehousing and distribution and
other local logistics and trade compliance services. We plan to continue to build on our expertise in these three specific countries
to build tailored services to U.S. customers, including in business consulting pertaining to logistics and related trade
services. 

Government
Regulations and Security 

Our
industry is subject to regulation and supervision by several governmental authorities. 

Operations 

The
U.S. Department of Transportation DOT ), the FAA and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, through the Transportation
Security Administration TSA ), have regulatory authority over our air transportation services. The Federal Aviation
Act of 1958, as amended, is the statutory basis for DOT and FAA authority and the Aviation and Transportation Security Act of 2001, as
amended, is the basis for TSA aviation security authority. 

All
United States indirect air carriers are required to maintain prescribed security procedures and are subject to periodic audits by the
TSA. Our overseas offices and agents are licensed as airfreight forwarders in their respective countries of operation. Our offices are
licensed as an airfreight forwarder from the International Air Transport Association (IATA), a voluntary association of airlines and
air transport related entities that prescribes certain operating procedures for airfreight forwarders acting as agents for its members. 

The
shipping of goods by sea is regulated by the Federal Maritime Commission FMC ). Our Company is licensed by the FMC
to operate as an Ocean Transportation Intermediary OTI and as a NVOCC. As a licensed OTI and NVOCC, we are required
to comply with several regulations, including the filing of our tariffs. 

Under
Department of Homeland Security regulations, we are a qualified participant in the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program,
requiring us to be compliant with relevant security procedures in our operations. 

We
are licensed as a customs broker by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, nationally
and in each U.S. customs district in which we do business. All United States customs brokers are required to maintain prescribed records
and are subject to periodic audits by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. In other jurisdictions in which we perform customs clearance
services, we are licensed by the appropriate governmental authority where such license is required to perform these services. 

10 

We
do not believe that current United States and foreign governmental regulations impose significant economic restraint upon our business
operations. The regulations of foreign governments, however, can impose barriers to our ability to provide the full range of our business
activities in a wholly or majority United States-owned subsidiary. For example, foreign ownership of a customs brokerage business is
prohibited in some jurisdictions and, less frequently, the ownership of the licenses required for freight forwarding and/or freight consolidation
is restricted to local entities. When we encounter this sort of governmental restriction, we work to establish a legal structure that
meets the requirements of the local regulations while also providing the substantive operating and economic advantages that would be
available in the absence of such regulation. This can be accomplished by creating a joint venture or exclusive agency relationship with
a qualified local entity that holds the required license. 

Environmental 

We
are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations across all of our business units. These laws and regulations
cover a variety of processes, including, but not limited to: proper storage, handling and disposal of waste materials; appropriately
managing wastewater and stormwater; monitoring and maintaining the integrity of underground storage tanks; complying with laws regarding
clean air, including those governing emissions; protecting against and appropriately responding to spills and releases and communicating
the presence of reportable quantities of hazardous materials to local responders. We have established site- and activity-specific environmental
compliance and pollution prevention programs to address our environmental responsibilities and remain compliant. In addition, we have
created several programs that seek to minimize waste and prevent pollution within our operations. 

Employees
and Human Capital 

As
of May 31, 2024, the Company had 113 employees including 109 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a union or
covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relationship with our employees
to be good. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing
and new employees, advisors, and consultants. 

Insurance 

The
Company effectively maintains all industry-specific and business in general insurance policies and believes that it has appropriately
addressed the potential risk of material losses. We currently have the following policies in place: 

US
 Customs Bonds 

Federal
 Maritime Commission License Bonds 

Business
 Insurance 

General
 Liability 

Commercial
 Property (including Business Personal Property and Business Income with Extra Expense) 

Business
 Auto 

Commercial
 Umbrella 

Worker s
 Compensation and Employer s Liability 

Employment
 Practices Liability Insurance 

Trade
 Credit Insurance 

Cyber
 Security 

Directors
 and Officers 

11 

Combined
 Transit Liability 

Errors
 and Omissions 

Warehouse
 Legal Liability 

Marine
 Open Cargo Insurance 

From
time to time, the Company may also purchase credit insurance for certain customers, resulting in the risk of loss being limited to the
accounts receivable not covered by credit insurance, which the Company does not believe to be significant. 

Other
Recent Developments Termination of Agreement and Plan of Merger with Edify Acquisition Corp. 

On
December 18, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Edify Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation Edify ), and Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Edify Merger Sub ), pursuant to which the Company was to be merged with and into Merger Sub, with the Company
surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edify. 

On
March 10, 2023, in connection with the Merger Agreement and in order to finance the ULHK Entities Acquisition, Unique Logistics and certain
of its subsidiaries as guarantors entered into a financing agreement (the Financing Agreement and related fee letter
with the lenders party thereto, CB Agent Services LLC, as origination agent, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent and administrative
agent. The Financing Agreement provided for an initial senior secured term loan in a principal amount of approximately 4.2 million and
a delayed draw term loan facility in principal amount of approximately 14.8 million. 

The
Company, Edify and Merger Sub entered into a mutual termination agreement dated as of March 1, 2024, pursuant to which they mutually
agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement effective as of such date. 

In
connection with the termination of the Merger Agreement, effective March 1, 2024, the parties to the Financing Agreement entered into
a waiver and amendment no. 2 to financing agreement (the Second Waiver ), whereby (i) the lenders, CB Agent Services
and Alter Domus agreed to waive certain events of default set forth in the Financing Agreement and interest at an increased rate related
to the specified events of default from the date such event(s) occurred through the March 1, 2024 effective date of the Second Waiver
and (ii) the Company and its subsidiary guarantors agreed to (A) pay the administrative agent a non-refundable waiver fee in an aggregate
amount of 3,000,000 and (B) issue the origination agent or its designee warrants entitling the holder thereof to purchase a number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the greater of (1) 7 of enterprise value (as calculated in a manner to be mutually agreed and acceptable
to the origination agent and the Company on a fully diluted basis) and (2) 7,000,000, on terms, conditions and in a form reasonably
acceptable to the origination agent, and having an exercise price of 0.01 per share (collectively, the Warrants ). 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our objectives,
expectations, and intentions. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read as applicable to all forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this report. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed herein. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Risks
Related to Unique Logistics Industry and Business Environment 

Unique
Logistics dependence on third-party service providers may adversely impact the delivery and quality of its services, and as a
result its business and operating results. 

As
a non-asset based provider of global logistics services, Unique Logistics depends on a variety of asset-based service providers, including
air, ocean and ground freight carriers, to provide equipment and services necessary to operate its business. The quality and profitability
of Unique Logistics services depend upon effective selection and oversight of its service providers, and therefore its dependence
on third parties may impact the delivery and quality of its transportation and logistics services. Such third parties may not fulfill
their obligations to Unique Logistics, or Unique Logistics relationship with these parties may change, which may prevent it from
meeting its commitments to its customers. In addition, if Unique Logistics is unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation
services from third parties to meet its commitments to its customers, its operating results could be materially and adversely affected,
and its customers could switch to using its competitors, either temporarily or permanently, for their transportation logistics needs.
Many of these risks are beyond Unique Logistics control, including: 

shortages
 in available cargo capacity or availability and continuing industry
 consolidation among ocean freight carriers, or changes in the financial stability or operating capabilities of carriers; 

changes
 by carriers and transportation companies in policies and practices such as scheduling, pricing, payment terms and frequency of service; 

changes
 in regulations impacting transportation; 

disruptions
 in the supply or cost of fuel; 

increases
 in taxes or the cost of labor; 

the
 introduction of alternative means of transporting freight; and 

unanticipated
 changes in freight markets. 

In
addition, any determination that Unique Logistics third-party carriers have violated laws and regulations could seriously damage
its reputation and brand, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. 

12 

Further,
when market demand significantly exceeds available capacity in a given market, which was, for example, the case for various services
and markets in 2021 during the post-COVID market recovery, Unique Logistics may not always be able to find acceptable transportation
or other service solutions to meet its customers needs or the routing and delivery of freight may be subject to delays that are
outside of its control. 

If
any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Economic
recessions and other factors that reduce freight volumes could have a material adverse impact on Unique Logistics business. 

The
transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recessions, downturns
in business cycles of customers, interest rate fluctuations, currency fluctuations, inflation pressures, and other economic factors beyond
Unique Logistics control. Deterioration in the economic environment subjects Unique Logistics business to various risks
that may have a material impact on its operating results and cause it to not reach its long-term growth goals, including the following: 

Decrease
 in volumes: a reduction in overall freight volumes in the marketplace could reduce Unique Logistics opportunities for
 growth. In addition, if a downturn in Unique Logistics customers business cycles causes a reduction in the volume of
 freight shipped by those customers, its operating results could be adversely affected; 

Credit
 risk and working capital: some of Unique Logistics customers may face economic difficulties and may not be able to pay
 their dues to Unique Logistics, and some may go out of business. In addition, some customers may not pay Unique Logistics as quickly
 as they have in the past, which could cause its working capital needs to increase; 

Transportation
 provider failures: a significant number of Unique Logistics transportation providers may go out of business and it may
 be unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation services to meet its commitments to its customers; and 

Expense
 management: Unique Logistics may not be able to appropriately adjust its expenses to changing market demands. In order to maintain
 high variability in Unique Logistics business model, it is necessary to adjust staffing levels to changing market demands.
 In periods of rapid change, it is more difficult to match Unique Logistics staffing level to its business needs. In addition,
 Unique Logistics has other primarily variable expenses that are fixed for a period of time, and it may not be able to adequately
 adjust them in a period of rapid change in market demand. 

In
addition, volatile market conditions can create situations where rate increases charged by carriers and other service providers are implemented
with little or no advance notice. Unique Logistics often cannot pass these rate increases on to its customers in the same timeframe,
if at all, which could negatively impact Unique Logistics yields and margins. 

Higher
carrier prices may result in decreased gross profit margin and increases in working capital. 

Carriers
can be expected to charge higher prices if market conditions warrant, including increased costs of fuel, labor shortages, increased shipping
times due to supply chain disruption or in order to cover higher operating costs. Unique Logistics gross profits and income from
operations may decrease if it is unable to pass these cost increases on to its customers. In some instances where Unique Logistics has
entered into contract freight rates with customers, if market conditions change and those contracted rates are below market rates, it
may be required to provide transportation services at a loss. 

13 

Climate
change, including measures to address climate change, could adversely impact Unique Logistics business and financial results. 

The
long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict and may be widespread. The potential impacts of climate change may subject
Unique Logistics and its business to various risks, including physical risks (such as rising sea levels, which could affect port operations
or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions, which could disrupt its operations and damage cargo and its facilities), compliance
costs and transition risks (such as increased regulation and taxation to support carbon emissions reduction investments), reputational
and strategic risks due to shifts in customer demands (such as customers requiring more fuel-efficient transportation modes or transparency
to carbon emissions in their supply chains), customer contractual requirements around environmental initiatives, and other adverse effects.
While Unique Logistics non-asset-based model gives it some flexibility and ability to change locations, modes, and carriers based
on evolving operating conditions, such impacts may disrupt its operations by adversely affecting its ability to procure services that
meet regulatory or customer requirements, depending on the availability of sufficient appropriate logistics solutions, and may negatively
affect its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Further, there is no assurance that alternative locations, modes,
and carriers that are not so affected will be available or have adequate capacity. 

In
addition, the increasing public and political concern over climate change has resulted and may continue to result in more legal or regulatory
requirements relating to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions, restrictions on modes of transportation, alternative
energy policies, and sustainability initiatives. If legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in any jurisdictions in which
Unique Logistics operates, that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than its current legal or regulatory obligations,
Unique Logistics may experience disruptions in, or increases in the costs associated with delivering, its services, which may negatively
affect its operations, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. 

Unique
Logistics operates in a competitive environment. 

Competition
in the transportation services industry is intense and Unique Logistics expects it to remain so for the foreseeable future. Many of Unique
Logistics competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, more employees, and significantly greater financial,
technical, marketing, public relations and distribution resources than Unique Logistics does. The competitive environment may reduce
Unique Logistics market opportunity and require it to make changes in its pricing or marketing to maintain and extend its current
brand and market position. Price concessions or the emergence of other pricing or distribution strategies of competitors may diminish
Unique Logistics revenues, impact its margins, or lead to a reduction in its market share, any of which will harm Unique Logistics 
business, prospects, and results of operations. 

Unique
Logistics earnings may be affected by seasonal changes in the transportation industry. 

Results
of operations for Unique Logistics industry generally show a seasonal pattern as customers reduce shipments during and after
the winter holiday season. Historically, income from operations and earnings are lower in the first calendar quarter (which, based
on its fiscal year-end of May 31, occurs during Unique Logistics third and fourth fiscal quarters) than in the other three
quarters. Unique Logistics believes that this historical pattern has been the result of, or influenced by, numerous factors,
including national holidays, weather patterns, consumer demand, economic conditions, and other similar and subtle forces. Although
seasonal changes in the transportation industry have not had a significant impact on Unique Logistics cash flow or results of
operations, Unique Logistics expects this trend to continue and it cannot guarantee that the seasonal changes will not adversely
impact it in the future. The transportation industry may also be significantly impacted by disruptions such as port congestion and
the availability of transportation equipment, as well as factors such as labor shortages, fuel prices, shifts in consumer demand
toward more locally sourced products, and regulatory changes. These disruptions may impact the growth rates within the global
logistics industry and Unique Logistics ability to provide transportation services for its customers, each of which may
adversely impact its results of operations and operating cash flows. 

Risks
Related to Unique Logistics and its Operations 

Unique
Logistics relies on technology to operate its business. 

Unique
Logistics continued success is dependent on its systems continuing to operate and to meet the changing needs of its customers
and users. The continued automation of existing processes and usage of third-party technology and cloud network capacity will require
adaptation and adjustments that may increase Unique Logistics exposure to cybersecurity risks and system availability reliance.
Unique Logistics relies on its technology staff and vendors to successfully implement changes to and maintain its operating systems in
an efficient manner. If it fails to maintain, protect, update, and enhance its operating systems, Unique Logistics may be at a competitive
disadvantage and lose customers. 

14 

As
demonstrated by recent material and high-profile data security breaches, computer malware, viruses, and computer hacking and phishing
attacks have become more prevalent, have occurred on Unique Logistics systems in the past, and may occur on Unique Logistics 
systems in the future. Previous attacks on Unique Logistics systems have not had a material financial impact on its operations,
but Unique Logistics cannot guarantee that future attacks will have little to no impact on its business. 

Though
it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, a significant impact on
the performance, reliability, security, and availability of Unique Logistics systems and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction
of its users may harm Unique Logistics reputation, impair its ability to retain existing customers or attract new customers, and
expose it to legal claims and government action, each of which could have a material adverse impact on Unique Logistics financial
condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 

Difficulty
in forecasting timing or volumes of customer shipments or rate changes by carriers could adversely impact Unique Logistics margins
and operating results. 

Unique
Logistics is not aware of any accurate means of forecasting short-term customer requirements. Long-term customer satisfaction, however,
depends upon Unique Logistics ability to meet these unpredictable short-term customer requirements. Personnel costs, Unique Logistics 
single largest expense, are always less flexible in the very near term as Unique Logistics must staff to meet uncertain demand. As a
result, its short-term operating results could be disproportionately affected. 

A
significant portion of Unique Logistics revenues is derived from customers whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer
demand and from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are dependent upon just-in-time shipping schedules. Therefore, the timing
of Unique Logistics revenues is, to a large degree, impacted by factors out of its control, such as a sudden change in consumer
demand for retail goods, changes in trade tariffs, labor disruptions at ports, airports, terminals and rail, product launches and/or
manufacturing production delays. Additionally, many customers ship a significant portion of their goods at or near the end of a quarter
and, therefore, Unique Logistics may not learn of a shortfall in revenues until late in a quarter. To the extent that Unique Logistics 
did not expect a shortfall in revenues or earnings, any such shortfall could have an immediate and adverse effect on the trading price
of Unique Logistics Shares. 

Volatile
market conditions, such as those following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, can create situations where carriers and other service
providers implement rate increases with little or no advance notice. Unique Logistics often cannot pass these rate increases on to its
customers in the same time frame, if at all. As a result, Unique Logistics yields and margins have been and may in the future
be negatively impacted by the effects of volatile market conditions. 

15 

Any
reduction in international commerce or disruption in global trade may adversely impact Unique Logistics business and operating
results. 

Unique
Logistics provides services primarily to customers engaged in international commerce. As a result, everything that affects international
trade has the potential to impact Unique Logistics business and adversely impact its operating results. Factors that influence
international trade, which are outside of Unique Logistics control, include the following: 

currency
 exchange rates and currency control regulations; 

interest
 rate fluctuations; 

changes
 and uncertainties in governmental policies and inter-governmental disputes, which could result in increased tariff rates, quota restrictions,
 trade barriers, and other restrictions; 

changes
 in and application of international and domestic customs, trade, and security regulations; 

wars,
 strikes, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, and other conflicts; 

changes
 in labor and other costs; 

labor
 disruptions at ports, airports, terminals and rail; 

natural
 disasters and epidemics, pandemics, and other health emergencies; 

changes
 in consumer attitudes regarding goods made in countries other than their own; 

changes
 in the availability of credit; 

changes
 in the price and readily available quantities of oil and other petroleum-related products; and 

increased
 global concerns regarding working conditions and environmental sustainability. 

The
implementation of Unique Logistics business strategy will require significant capital expenditures and additional financing. 

The
implementation of Unique Logistics business strategy, including with respect to growth, will require significant expenditures
of capital as well as additional financing and risks associated with interest rates. Unique Logistics may seek additional funds through
equity or debt financings. Unique Logistics cannot offer any assurances that any such financings will be obtained on favorable terms,
or at all. Equity financings could result in dilution to existing stockholders and debt financing could result in the imposition of significant
financial and operational restrictions on Unique Logistics. Unique Logistics inability to access adequate capital on acceptable
terms could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Unique
Logistics derives a significant portion of its revenues from a small number of customers. 

Revenue
from three major customers as a percentage of the Company s total revenue was 25.0 and 19.0 , respectively, for the years
ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. One customer represented 11 of 2024 revenues and no single customer represented
more than 10.0 of total 2023 revenues. 

The loss of one or more of these customers would reduce Unique
Logistics revenue and net income to the extent where this loss would have a material adverse effect on its business and operating
results. 

16 

Unique
Logistics may not successfully manage its growth. 

Unique
Logistics intends to continue to grow rapidly and substantially, including by organic growth and expansion in existing markets, by making
strategic acquisitions and by entering new markets. Unique Logistics may experience difficulties and higher-than-expected expenses in
executing this strategy as a result of, among other things, unfamiliarity with new markets and changes in revenue and business models. 

Unique
Logistics growth will place a significant strain on its management as well as its operational and financial resources. Unique
Logistics will need to continually improve existing procedures and controls as well as implement new transaction processing, operational
and financial systems, and procedures and controls to expand, train and manage its employee base. Unique Logistics working capital
needs will increase substantially as its operations grow. Failure to manage growth effectively, or obtain necessary working capital,
could have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics business, results of operations, cash flows, stock price, and financial
condition. 

Governmental,
Regulatory, and Legal Risks 

Unique
Logistics is subject to a complex regulatory environment, and failure to comply with and adapt to these regulations could result in penalties
or otherwise adversely impact its business. 

Unique
Logistics business is affected by ever-increasing regulations from a number of sources in the United States and in foreign locations
in which it operates. Many of these regulations are complex and require varying degrees of interpretation, including those related to
trade compliance, data privacy, employment, compensation and competition, and may require changes in Unique Logistics operating
practices, influence the demand for, and the cost of providing, transportation services, and result in other unforeseen costs. 

For
example, in response to ongoing security threats, governments around the world are continuously enacting or updating security regulations.
These regulations are multi-layered, increasingly technical in nature and characterized by a lack of harmonization of substantive requirements
among various governmental authorities. Furthermore, the implementation of these regulations, including deadlines and substantive requirements,
can be driven by regulatory urgencies rather than an industry s realistic ability to comply. 

Failure
to consistently and timely comply with any applicable regulations, or the failure, breach or compromise of Unique Logistics policies
and procedures or those of Unique Logistics service providers or agents, may result in increased operating costs, damage to Unique
Logistics reputation, difficulty in attracting and retaining key personnel, restrictions on Unique Logistics operations,
and/or fines and penalties. Further, Unique Logistics cannot predict the impact that future regulations may have on its business, and
there can be no assurance that it will be able to pass on any increased costs resulting from new or changing regulations on to its customers
in the form of rate increases or surcharges, and therefore its operations, revenues, and profitability may be materially and adversely
affected as a result. 

Unique
Logistics contracted transportation providers are subject to increasingly stringent laws protecting the environment, including
transitional risks relating to climate change, which could directly or indirectly have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics 
business. 

Future
and existing environmental regulatory requirements, including evolving transportation technology, in the United States and abroad
could adversely affect operations and increase operating expenses, which in turn could increase Unique Logistics purchased
transportation costs. Unique Logistics may also incur expenses as a result of regulators requiring additional climate-related
disclosures regarding its contracted transportation providers that may be labor-intensive to report on. Until the timing, scope, and
extent of such possible regulation becomes known, Unique Logistics cannot predict its effect on its business, but if Unique
Logistics is unable to pass such costs along to its customers, its business could be materially and adversely affected. Even without
any new legislation or regulation, increased public concern regarding greenhouse gas emissions by transportation carriers could harm
the reputations of companies operating in the transportation and logistics industries and shift consumer demand toward more
locally-sourced products and away from the services that Unique Logistics provides. 

17 

Unique
Logistics international operations subject it to operational, financial, and data privacy risks. 

Unique
Logistics provides services within and between foreign countries on an increasing basis. Unique Logistics business outside of
the United States is subject to various risks, including: 

changes
 in tariffs, trade restrictions, trade agreements, and taxation; 

difficulties
 in managing or overseeing foreign operations and agents; 

limitations
 on the repatriation of funds because of foreign exchange controls; 

different
 liability standards; 

intellectual
 property laws of countries that do not protect Unique Logistics rights in its intellectual property, including, but not limited
 to, Unique Logistics proprietary information systems, to the same extent as the laws of the United States; 

issues
 related to non-compliance with laws, rules, and regulations in the countries in which Unique Logistics operates, including the U.S.
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar regulations. Failure to comply could result in reputational harm, substantial penalties,
 and operational restrictions; and. 

global laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal information may impact
our services by imposing restrictions on processing, increase legal claim liability and increase regulatory scrutiny and fines. These
requirements continue to evolve and vary by region and regime, which increases the risk of noncompliance and impacts operations, including
additional expenses and resources necessary to ensure and manage compliant operations. 

The
occurrence or consequences of any of these risks may restrict Unique Logistics ability to operate in the affected region and/or
decrease the profitability of its operations in that region. 

As
Unique Logistics continues to expand its business internationally, it is exposed to increased risk of loss from foreign currency fluctuations
and exchange controls, as well as longer accounts receivable payment cycles. Foreign currency fluctuations could result in currency exchange
gains or losses or could affect the book value of Unique Logistics assets and liabilities. Furthermore, Unique Logistics may experience
unanticipated changes to its income tax liabilities resulting from changes in geographical income mix and changing international tax
legislation. Unique Logistics has limited control over these risks, and if it does not correctly anticipate changes in international
economic and political conditions, it may not alter its business practices in time to avoid adverse effects. 

We
use, and may continue to expand our use of, machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies to deliver our services and operate
our business. 

If
we fail to successfully integrate artificial intelligence AI technologies into our platform and business processes, or
if we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving AI technological developments, including attracting and retaining talented AI developers
and programmers, we may face a competitive disadvantage. At the same time, the use or offering of AI technologies may result in new or
expanded risks and liabilities, including enhanced government or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns,
confidentiality, reputational harm, and security risks. It is not possible to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI and changes
in laws, rules, directives, and regulations governing the use of AI may adversely affect our ability to develop and use AI or subject
us to legal liability. The cost of complying with laws and regulations governing AI could be significant and would increase our operating
expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, market demand and acceptance
of AI technologies are uncertain, and we may be unsuccessful in efforts to further incorporate AI into our processes. 

Investigations
and litigation could require management time and or incur substantial legal costs or fines, penalties or damages, any of which could
adversely impact on Unique Logistics financial results. 

As
a multinational corporation, Unique Logistics is subject to formal or informal investigations from governmental authorities or others
in the countries in which it does business. In addition, Unique Logistics may become subject to civil litigation with its customers,
service providers and other parties with whom it does business. These investigations and litigation may require significant management
time and could cause Unique Logistics to incur substantial additional legal and related costs, which may include fines, penalties or
damages that could have a materially adverse impact on its financial results. 

18 

Risks
Related to Unique Logistics Acquisition Strategy 

Unique
Logistics past acquisitions, as well as any acquisitions that Unique Logistics may complete in the future, may be unsuccessful
or result in other risks or developments that adversely affect Unique Logistics financial condition and results. 

While
it intends for its acquisitions to enhance its competitiveness and profitability, Unique Logistics cannot be certain that its past or
future acquisitions will be accretive to earnings or otherwise meet its operational or strategic expectations. Special risks, including
accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology or human resources issues, may arise in connection with, or as a result of,
the acquisition of an existing company, including the assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies, difficulties integrating
acquired businesses, possible management distractions, or the inability of the acquired business to achieve the levels of revenue, profit,
productivity or synergies Unique Logistics anticipates or otherwise perform as Unique Logistics expects on the timeline contemplated.
Unique Logistics is unable to predict all of the risks that could arise as a result of its acquisitions. 

In
addition, if the performance of Unique Logistics reporting segments or an acquired business varies from Unique Logistics 
projections or assumptions, or if estimates about the future profitability of Unique Logistics reporting segments or an acquired
business change, Unique Logistics revenues, earnings or other aspects of its financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Unique
Logistics may incur risks related to acquisition financing. 

Unique
Logistics has a limited amount of financial resources and its ability to make additional acquisitions without securing additional financing
from outside sources is limited. In order to continue to pursue its acquisition strategy, Unique Logistics may be required to obtain
additional financing. Unique Logistics may obtain such financing through a combination of traditional debt financing, the placement of
debt and equity securities, or financing in exchange for accounts receivable, as under Unique Logistics current revolving credit
facility. Unique Logistics may finance some portion of its future acquisitions by either issuing equity or by using shares of Common
Stock for all or a portion of the purchase price for such businesses. In the event that the Common Stock does not attain or maintain
a sufficient market value, or potential acquisition candidates are otherwise unwilling to accept shares of Common Stock as part of the
purchase price for the sale of their businesses, Unique Logistics may be required to use more of its cash resources, if available, in
order to fund its acquisitions. If Unique Logistics does not have sufficient cash resources, it will not be able to complete acquisitions
and its growth could be limited unless it is able to obtain additional capital through debt or equity financing. The terms of the Financing
Agreement require that the Company obtain the consent of its lenders prior to securing additional debt financing. As a result, Unique
Logistics ability to obtain additional debt financing could be constrained if it is unable to secure such consent. 

Unique
Logistics may be required to incur a significant amount of indebtedness in order to successfully implement its acquisition strategy. 

Subject
to the restrictions contained under the Financing Agreement, Unique Logistics may be required to incur a significant amount of indebtedness
in order to complete future acquisitions. If it is not able to generate sufficient cash flow from the operations of acquired businesses
to make scheduled payments of principal and interest on any such indebtedness, then Unique Logistics will be required to use its capital
for such payments. This will restrict Unique Logistics ability to make additional acquisitions. Unique Logistics may also be forced
to sell an acquired business in order to satisfy indebtedness. Unique Logistics cannot be certain that it will be able to operate profitably
once it incurs any such indebtedness or that it will be able to generate a sufficient amount of proceeds from the ultimate disposition
of such acquired businesses to repay any indebtedness that it incurred to make such acquisitions. 

Unique
Logistics may experience difficulties integrating the operations, personnel, and assets of acquired businesses that may disrupt its
business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect its operating results. 

A
core component of Unique Logistics business plan is to continue to acquire businesses in the transportation and logistics
industry. There can be no assurance that Unique Logistics will be able to identify, acquire or profitably manage businesses or
successfully integrate acquired businesses into its existing business without substantial costs, delays, or other operational or
financial problems. Such acquisitions also involve numerous operational risks, including: 

difficulties integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; 

the
 diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; 

the
 risk of entering new markets; 

the
 potential loss of existing or acquired strategic operating partners following an acquisition; 

the
 potential loss of key employees following an acquisition and the associated risk of competitive efforts from such departed personnel; 

possible
 legal disputes with the acquired company following an acquisition; and 

the
 inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs. 

19 

As
a result, if Unique Logistics fails to properly evaluate and execute any acquisitions or investments, its business and prospects may
be seriously harmed. 

In
certain acquisitions, Unique Logistics may recognize non-cash gains or losses on changes in fair value of contingent consideration. Unique
Logistics may include contingent consideration based on future financial performance as a portion of the purchase price of certain acquisitions.
To the extent that an acquired operation underperforms relative to anticipated earnings levels, Unique Logistics will be able to set-off
certain levels of future unpaid purchase price for such acquired operations. This will result in the recognition of a non-cash gain on
the change in fair value of contingent consideration. In the alternative, to the extent that an acquired operation outperforms anticipated
earnings levels, Unique Logistics will recognize a non-cash expense on the change in fair value of contingent consideration. These non-cash
gains and expenses may have a material impact on Unique Logistics financial results, and the impact could be inverse to the underlying
results of the acquired operation. 

Claims
against Unique Logistics or other liabilities it incurs relating to any acquisition or business combination may require it to seek claims
against the seller for which the seller may not indemnify it or that may exceed the seller s indemnification obligations. 

There
may be liabilities that Unique Logistics assumes in any acquisition or business combination that it did not discover or underestimated
in the course of performing its due diligence investigation. A seller will normally have indemnification obligations to Unique Logistics
under an acquisition or merger agreement, but these obligations will be subject to financial limitations, such as general deductibles
and a cap, as well as time limitations. There can be no assurance that Unique Logistics right to indemnification from any seller
will be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope, or duration to fully offset the amount of any undiscovered or underestimated
liabilities. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics 
business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Unique
Logistics may face competition from parties who sell it their businesses and from professionals who cease working for it. 

In
connection with its acquisitions, Unique Logistics generally obtains non-solicitation agreements from the professionals it hires, as
well as non-competition agreements from senior managers and professionals. The agreements prohibit such individuals from competing with
Unique Logistics during the term of their employment and for a fixed period afterwards and seeking to solicit Unique Logistics 
employees or clients. In some cases, but not all, Unique Logistics may obtain non-competition or non-solicitation agreements from parties
who sell it their business or assets. Certain activities may be carved out of or otherwise may not be prohibited by these arrangements.
Unique Logistics cannot be sure that one or more of the parties from whom it acquires assets or a business or who do not join Unique
Logistics or leave its employment will not compete with it or solicit its employees or clients in the future. Even if ultimately resolved
in Unique Logistics favor, any litigation associated with the non-competition or non-solicitation agreements could be time consuming,
costly and distract management s focus from locating suitable acquisition candidates and operating Unique Logistics business.
Moreover, states and foreign jurisdictions may interpret restrictions on competition narrowly and in favor of employees. 

Therefore,
certain restrictions on competition or solicitation may be unenforceable. In addition, Unique Logistics may not pursue legal remedies
if it determines that preserving cooperation and a professional relationship with the former employee or his or her clients, or other
concerns, outweigh the benefits of any possible legal recourse or the likelihood of success does not justify the costs of pursuing a
legal remedy. Such persons, because they have worked for Unique Logistics or a business that it acquires, may be able to compete more
effectively with Unique Logistics, or be more successful in soliciting its employees and clients, than unaffiliated third parties. 

General Risk Factors 

Unique
Logistics failure to continue to attract, train, or retain highly qualified personnel could harm its business. 

Unique
Logistics success depends on its ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel, specifically those with management,
customer development and general logistics industry skills. Competition for such personnel is intense. If Unique Logistics does not succeed
in attracting new personnel or retaining and motivating its current personnel, its business could be harmed. 

20 

Unique
Logistics indebtedness could adversely impact its financial condition and results of operations. 

Significant
adverse economic and industry conditions could negatively affect Unique Logistics ability to pay principal and interest on
its debt and limit its ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, possible acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases,
or other investments. If Unique Logistics is unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy its debt obligations or refinance
these debt obligations with commercially acceptable terms, it may adversely impact Unique Logistics financial position and
results of operations. Further, Unique Logistics may be unable to comply with the various restrictions and covenants under its
indebtedness, which may result in default and its outstanding indebtedness may become immediately due and payable and adversely
impact its financial position or, as with the Second Waiver, may require us to make payments and issue securities in connection with obtaining
a waiver of any such default. 

Unique
Logistics may be adversely impacted by changing interest rates. 

We
are exposed to changes in interest rates as all of our debt, except the promissory notes that we issued to ULHK in the ULHK Entities
Acquisition and for the acquisition of its shares in Unique Singapore, includes variable interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary
policies, economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control. A significant increase in interest rates could adversely impact
Unique Logistics financial position and results of operations. 

Unique
Logistics may be subject to negative impacts of changes in political and governmental conditions, particularly with respect to its
operations in China. 

Unique
Logistics operations may be subject to the influences of significant political, governmental, and similar changes and Unique
Logistics ability to respond to them, including: 

changes
 in political conditions and in governmental policies; 

changes
 in and compliance with international and domestic laws and regulations; and 

wars,
 civil unrest, acts of terrorism, and other conflicts, including rising tensions between the United States and China and the current conflict in the Red Sea, which is impacting the global freight market. 

Unique
Logistics has a customer base in the United States that is significantly dependent on trade and commerce with China (including Hong Kong).
Moreover, as a result of the ULHK Entities Acquisitions Unique Logistics has majority owned subsidiaries in China and Hong Kong. Geopolitical
factors may compel United States companies to shift their purchases and sales from China to other parts of the world. Such transition
may be disruptive to the business of Unique Logistics. While its diverse network of subsidiaries and independent agents mitigates the
risk, somewhat, of losing business in the long term, there is a significant risk that production may shift to areas of the globe where
Unique Logistics cannot effectively service its customers. 

21 

Should
relations between China and United States deteriorate significantly, Unique Logistics faces the following additional risks: 

loss
 of revenue in its China and Hong Kong based companies; 

inability
 to repatriate local profits from these companies; 

impairment
 of assets in China and Hong Kong, including non-recovery of local trade receivables; 

security
 of its local employees, including any expatriate employees; and 

security
 of data and confidential information in its offices. 

Unique
Logistics may be subject to negative impacts of catastrophic events. 

A
disruption or failure of Unique Logistics systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack,
heightened security measures, actual or threatened, terrorist attack, strike, civil unrest, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could
cause delays in providing services or performing other critical functions. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption
of any of Unique Logistics critical business or information systems could harm Unique Logistics ability to conduct normal
business operations and adversely impact its operating results. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity. 

From
time to time, the Company is subject to attempted cyber-attacks and other cybersecurity risks. The nature of our business requires that
we store and exchange electronically with appropriate parties and systems personally identifiable information that may be targeted in
an attempted cybersecurity breach. In addition, our business is heavily reliant on various information technology and application systems
that may be impacted by a malicious cyber-attack. These cyber incidents may cause lost revenues or increased expenses stemming from reputational
damage and fines related to breach of personally identifiable information, inability to use certain systems for a period of time, loss
of financial assets, remediation and litigation costs and increased cybersecurity protection costs. We have developed and continue to
invest in a variety of controls to prevent, detect and appropriately react to such cyber-attacks including periodically testing our systems 
security and access controls. However, cybersecurity risks continue to become more complex and broad ranging, and our internal controls
provide only a reasonable, not absolute, assurance that we will be able to protect ourselves from significant cyber-attack incidents.
By outsourcing certain business and administrative functions to third parties, we may be exposed to an enhanced risk of data security
breaches. Any breach of data security could damage our reputation and/or result in monetary damages, which, in turn, could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

The
Company maintains an Enterprise Risk Management ERM program, which includes processes for key risk identification, mitigation
efforts, and day-to-day management of risks, including cybersecurity risks. The ERM program is administered by our risk management committee,
consisting of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Vice President, Compliance Risk Management,
and involves our outsourced global cybersecurity team, which possesses significant knowledge and expertise in cybersecurity risks. 

Our
global cybersecurity team ensures that the cybersecurity risks identified through the ERM program are incorporated into our overall cybersecurity
program. We have put into place programs to address key cybersecurity risks including layered coverage with focus areas and practices
designed to address network and endpoint security, application security, and security operations. We have processes in place to oversee
and identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with the use of third-party technology including third-party risk management,
process and partner intake risk assessments, and dedicated procurement functions. These processes help mitigate the risks associated
with utilizing external technology platforms and help prevent disruptions to our business operations. 

We
consistently involve our external cybersecurity experts to assess our cybersecurity program, risk management, and relevant internal controls. 
Although we have not experienced a material cyber-attack, we maintain insurance coverage to specifically address cybersecurity risks.
The coverage provides protection up to 1 million above a deductible of 50,000 for various cybersecurity risks including liability,
business interruptions, cybercrimes and privacy breach related incidents. 

Our
business continuity program follows industry standards for disaster recovery practices. Our program includes multiple components that
act as an additional line of defense among them are regular functional recovery and tabletop exercises; cybersecurity exercises; protected
backups for critical data; recovery time objectives; and recovery point objectives including achievability metrics, application criticality,
program audit and maintenance, awareness and training, business impact analysis, and risk evaluation and controls. 

Cybersecurity
Governance 

The
Board of Directors is tasked with oversight of the Company s cybersecurity, information governance, and privacy programs. 

All
tasks related to assessing and managing the Company s material risks from cybersecurity threats are delegated to the risk management
committee that oversees our ERM program, which includes cyber-related risk items. In addition, our risk management committee receives
quarterly reports on cybersecurity from our global cybersecurity team that has experience and expertise supporting mitigation of the
potential cybersecurity threats facing our organization and vulnerabilities facing our technology infrastructure and potential cybersecurity
threats. 

All
members of our management team have been provided sufficient training to obtain an understanding of cybersecurity risks and exposures.
The management team is actively promoting the Company s cybersecurity policies and procedures, and leading discussions and mitigations
of cybersecurity risks in the areas of their responsibilities. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Unique
Logistics corporate headquarters is located at 154-09 146 th Avenue, Jamaica, NY 11434. We lease this space, consisting
of 2,219 square feet, pursuant to a lease agreement that expires on April 30, 2029. 

We
lease 37 properties around the world, which we use as office space and, with respect to our leased property in Santa Fe Springs, California,
as office and warehouse space. We consider our Sante Fe property, at 110,791 square feet, to be the only significant property that Unique
Logistics leases. 

We
use our leased properties for office and warehouse purposes, and we believe that our current warehouse and office spaces are adequate
for our immediate needs. We may require additional space as we expand our business activities. We do not foresee any significant difficulties
in obtaining additional facilities if and when we require them. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is not currently involved in any disputes and does not have any litigation matters pending that it believes could have a
material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 

From
time to time, however, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in any such matters may arise from time to time that may harm
our business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

22 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock is currently traded on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group under the trading symbol UNQL. 

Holders
of Common Equity 

As
of August 31, 2024, there were 72 stockholders of record of the Common Stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board
of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions,
and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest
earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

We
did not issue any securities during the year ended May 31, 2024, that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and were not previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information as of May 31, 2024 with respect to our compensation plans under which equity securities may be
issued. 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of 
 Securities to
 be Issued upon
 Exercise of
 Outstanding Options, Warrants and
 Rights 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price
 of Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants and
 Rights 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining Available
 for Future
 Issuance under
 Equity Compensation
 Plans (Excluding
 Securities Reflected
 in Column
 (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2020
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 

23 

Transfer
Agent 

Securities Transfer Corporation SCT is the transfer agent for the Common Stock. The principal office of STC is located at 2901 N Dallas Parkway Suite 380 Plano, Texas 75093,
and its telephone number is (469) 633-0101. 

Item
6. [Reserved] . 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Business
Overview and Recent Developments 

The
Company is a global logistics and freight forwarding company. 

Unique
Logistics provides a range of international logistics services that enable its customers to outsource to the Company sections of their
supply chain process. Our global network of trained employees and integrated information systems seamlessly manage the services we provide.
We enable our customers to share data regarding their international vendors and purchase orders with us, execute the flow of goods and
information under their operating instructions, provide visibility to the flow of goods from factory to distribution center or store
and, when required, update their inventory records. 

Our
range of services can be categorized as follows: 

Air
 freight services 

Ocean
 freight services 

Customs
 brokerage and compliance services 

Warehousing
 and distribution services 

Order
 management 

As
discussed above (See Item 1. Business Growth Strategy Strategic Acquisitions ), on February 21, 2023,
the Company completed the acquisition of all of the share capital owned by ULHK in eight subsidiaries for 26.5 million. In addition
to the acquisition of the shares in the ULHK Entities, Unique Logistics acquired two companies that are owned by two of the ULHK
Entities. Acquisition of these entities is expected to have a material favorable impact on revenues and consolidated income of the
Company going forward. 

24 

Market
and Business Trends, Impact on the Company 

Unique Logistics fiscal year 2024, which commenced
on June 1, 2023, can be considered a tale of two halves. The shipping industry continued to experience weak demand during the first half
of the year, particularly from importers, due to remaining high inventory levels and excess carrier capacity. Carriers increased their
capacity to meet surging demand for space by ocean freight and air freight from United States importers during the second half of
calendar 2021 as retailers increased inventory and the United States began to emerge from the most onerous restrictions connected to the
COVID-19 pandemic. The resulting extremely competitive conditions in the industry led to continued transportation rates that were low
compared to pre-COVID levels, resulting in decreased revenue and gross margins both for the Company and in the industry generally. 

Beginning in November 2023, however, demand started
to increase, and at the same time, the attacks on ships in the Red Sea that began in October 2024, requiring re-routing of vessels traveling
from Asia to Europe and the East Coast of the United States lengthened ocean transit times and created equipment displacement and shortages,
resulting in increased freight rates but lower shipping volumes. As the Company was unable to respond to such price increases for approximately
30-45 days, this decreased our gross margins during this period. These conditions also resulted in growth in airfreight volume beginning
in March 2024, with importers looking to build up depleted inventory and seeking an alternative to ocean freight shipping. Air freight
volumes were already on an elevated trend driven by Chinese e-commerce shipments and the Red Sea situation added to this volume as shippers
converted ocean shipments to air. Ocean freight pricing eventually began to increase as well due to the increased demand, but not until
June 2024, that is, after our 2024 fiscal year-end. 

25 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue 

For
the years ended May 31, 2024, and 2023, Unique Logistics revenue by product line was as follows: 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 change 
 change 
 
 Revenues 

Airfreight 
 120,835,647 
 80,971,563 
 39,864,084 
 49.2 
 
 Ocean freight 
 101,713,709 
 181,432,206 
 (79,718,497 
 (43.9 
 
 Contract logistics 
 2,754,104 
 3,217,479 
 (463,375 
 (14.4 
 
 Customs brokerage and other services 
 37,215,964 
 59,997,244 
 (22,781,280 
 (38.0 
 
 Total revenues 
 262,519,424 
 325,618,492 
 (63,099,068 
 (19.4 

For
the years ended May 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company s revenue by product line, excluding the operations of the ULHK Entities acquired
on February 21, 2023, were as follows: 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 change 
 change 
 
 Revenues 

Airfreight 
 84,680,298 
 77,300,042 
 7,380,256 
 9.5 
 
 Ocean freight 
 78,626,083 
 176,535,202 
 (97,909,119 
 (55.5 
 
 Contract logistics 
 2,754,104 
 3,217,479 
 (463,375 
 (14.4 
 
 Customs brokerage and other services 
 30,142,642 
 58,495,545 
 (28,352,903 
 (48.5 
 
 Total revenues 
 196,203,127 
 315,548,268 
 (119,345,141 
 (37.8 

The
19.4 decrease in total revenues for the year ended May 31, 2024, compared with the year ended May 31, 2023, is primarily due to
decreases in ocean freight revenue and, to a lesser extent, in revenue from customs brokerage and other services, offset by
an increase in air freight revenue. 

The
 43.9 decrease in ocean freight revenue was due to a 48.5 decrease in the pricing for such services, resulting
 in a 110.3 decrease in such revenue, offset by an 8.8 increase in volume that resulted in a
 10.3 increase in such revenue, year over
 year. The year over year variations in pricing and volume was primarily attributable to the market impacts of the attacks
on ships in the Red Sea during the second half of fiscal 2024. 

Excluding
ocean revenues of 23.1 million (net of intercompany eliminations) attributable to the acquisition of the ULHK Entities, ocean
freight revenue decreased by 55.5 during the year ended May 31, 2024 compared to the year ended May 31, 2023.
Such decrease is the result of decreases of 42.6 in pricing for such services, which resulted in a 76.8 decrease in
revenues, and 22.4 in volume that resulted in another 23.2 reduction in revenues, year over year. 

The
decline in revenue from customs brokerage and other services during the year ended May 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended May
31, 2023, was a direct result of our asking customers to pay their own duties, which is typically not a profit producing
activity. Payment of duties is more of a service to the customer as the Company pays for duties and gets reimbursed by the
customer without making a profit. 

The
49.2 increase in airfreight revenue was due to the acquisition of the ULHK Entities and the market trends discussed
above, specifically, demand shifting from ocean freight to airfreight as a result of the Red Sea situation. Air freight volumes were
already on an elevated trend driven by Chinese e-commerce shipments and the Red Sea situation added to the air freight volume
increases. An 84.6 increase in volume resulted in a 138.9 increase in air freight revenue, offset by a 38.9 reduction in such
revenue resulting from a 19.1 decrease in air freight pricing during the year ended May 31, 2024 compared to the year ended May 31,
2023. The pricing decrease in the airfreight segment is mostly due to a significant increase in global air traffic creating
additional capacity for air freight. 

Excluding
airfreight revenues of 36.2 million (net of intercompany eliminations) attributable to the operations of the ULHK Entities, air freight
revenue increased by 9.5 during the year ended May 31, 2024 compared to the year ended May 31, 2023. A 32.9 increase in volume resulted in a 284.1 increase in revenue,
offset by a 184.1 reduction in such revenue as a result of a 17.6 decrease in pricing, year over year. 

While
not a material contributor to the decrease in revenues generally, contract logistics revenue declined by 14.4 during the year ended
May 31, 2024 compared to the year ended May 31, 2023, both with and without the inclusion of the operations of the ULHK Entities, indicating
that less cargo was being handled in the Company s warehouses year over year. 

Costs
and Operating Expenses 

For
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, Unique Logistics costs and operating expenses were as follows: 

For the Year Ended, May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended, May 31, 2023 
 change 
 change 
 
 Costs and operating expenses: 

Airfreight 
 113,658,342 
 72,578,396 
 41,079,946 
 56.6 
 
 Ocean freight 
 87,701,339 
 160,572,708 
 (72,871,369 
 (45.4 
 
 Contract logistics 
 789,912 
 1,045,680 
 (255,768 
 (24.5 
 
 Customs brokerage and other services 
 29,268,044 
 55,280,445 
 (26,012,401 
 (47.1 
 
 Salaries and related costs 
 22,884,389 
 15,378,957 
 7,505,432 
 48.8 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,676,533 
 1,261,899 
 414,634 
 32.9 
 
 Rent and occupancy 
 5,375,214 
 3,077,975 
 2,297,239 
 74.6 
 
 Selling and promotion 
 2,448,631 
 2,883,916 
 (435,285 
 (15.1 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,022,172 
 1,270,462 
 751,710 
 59,2 
 
 Foreign exchange transactions, net 
 (312,691 
 - 
 (312,691 
 - 
 
 Other expense 
 2,228,788 
 1,880,332 
 348,456 
 18.5 
 
 Total costs and operating expenses 
 267,740,673 
 315,230,770 
 (47,490,097 
 (15.1 

26 

For
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company s costs and operating expenses, excluding the operations of the ULHK Entities,
were as follows: 

For the Year Ended, May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended, May 31, 2023 
 change 
 change 
 
 Costs and operating expenses: 

Airfreight 
 82,069,499 
 70,906,593 
 11,162,906 
 15.7 
 
 Ocean freight 
 69,265,283 
 156,902,654 
 (87,637,371 
 (55.9 
 
 Contract logistics 
 789,912 
 1,050,896 
 (260,984 
 (24.8 
 
 Customs brokerage and other services 
 24,829,319 
 53,795,550 
 (28,966,231 
 (53.8 
 
 Salaries and related costs 
 14,447,900 
 13,863,305 
 584,595 
 4.2 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,485,205 
 1,225,069 
 260,136 
 21.2 
 
 Rent and occupancy 
 3,350,428 
 2,861,807 
 488,621 
 17.1 
 
 Selling and promotion 
 2,125,200 
 2,831,767 
 (706,567 
 (25.0 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,803,684 
 1,090,915 
 712,769 
 65.3 
 
 Other expense 
 1,964,876 
 1,704,263 
 260,613 
 15.3 
 
 Total costs and operating expenses 
 202,131,306 
 306,232,819 
 (104,101,513 
 (34.0 

The
 58.1 million or 20.1 decrease in cost of sales correlates with the 19.4 decrease in revenue for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, specifically in
ocean freight, contract logistics and customs brokerage. 

All
other operating and administrative expenses increased by 10.6 million during the year ended May 31, 2024, compared to the year
ended May 31, 2023, primarily due to a 7.5 million increase in salaries and related costs, 6.9 million of which is attributable to
the employees of our new subsidiaries acquired in the ULHK Entities Acquisition. The balance of this increase resulted primarily
from increases in depreciation and amortization, rent and occupancy and, to a lesser extent, professional fees. The Company doesn t expect significant increases in salaries and
benefits going forward and is considering actions it can implement to curtail these costs in future periods. 

The
59.2 increase in depreciation and amortization was the result of recognition of approximately 6.5 million of identifiable
intangible assets such as customer relations and non-compete agreements as part of the ULHK Entities Acquisition. These intangible
assets are now being amortized over the useful life of the assets contributing to approximately half of the increase, with the other
half being contributed by depreciation expense recorded by the ULHK Entities. Approximately
half of the 74.6 increase in rent and occupancy expenses was due to an increase in the rental rates of our warehouse facility in
Los Angeles and the other half to leases of the newly acquired ULHK Entities. The Company doesn t expect significant increases
in rent and occupancy expenses going forward. Professional fees increased during the year ended May 31, 2024, compared to the
year ended May 31, 2023 primarily due to additional legal fees incurred in connection with the now-abandoned merger transaction with
Edify pursuant to the Merger Agreement that we entered into in December 2022 and terminated on March 1, 2024. Finally, selling and promotion expenses decreased by 15.1 year over year due to lower sales commissions as a result of revisions of
commission-based sales targets. 

Excluding
costs (net of intercompany eliminations) attributable to the operations of the ULHK Entities, costs of sales decreased by 37.4 and is
consistent with the 37.8 reduction in revenue for the same period. 

Other
operating and administrative expenses, excluding the operations of the ULHK Entities, increased by 1.6 million, primarily as a
result of increases in salaries and related costs, rent expense and depreciation and amortization, offset by a decrease in selling
and promotion expenses. Professional fees increased by 0.3 million primarily due to additional legal fees incurred in connection
with the now-abandoned merger transaction with Edify, as discussed above. Rent expense increased due to an increase in the rental rates of our warehouse
facility in Los Angeles. The 65.3 increase in depreciation and amortization was the result of our recognition of approximately 6.5
million of identifiable intangible assets such as customer relations and non-compete agreements as part of the ULHK Entities
Acquisition. Selling and promotion expenses decreased by 0.7 million or 25.0 year-over-year due to lower sales commissions as
a result of revisions of commission-based sales targets. 

Gross
Margin 

Gross
margin as a percentage of revenue increased from 11.1 for the year ended May 31, 2023, to 11.9 consolidated, or decreased to 9.8 when
excluding the operations of the ULHK Entities, during the year ended May 31, 2024. The consolidated gross margin improvement is due to
the better management of freight purchasing through diversified network and synergies achieved as a result of the acquisition of ULHK
Entities. Gross margin is an important measurement of a logistics company s efficiency and profitability. The Company is focused
on this and other measures when making strategic decisions and investments. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

For
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, other expenses were 11.1 million and 0.9 million, respectively, and consisted of interest expense, change in fair value of derivative and contingent
liabilities, SPAC merger termination costs and uplist termination costs. 

For the year ended May 31, 2024, interest expense
was 4.4 million compared to 3.8 million for the year ended May 31, 2023. This increase is primarily due to the interest incurred on
the promissory notes that we issued to ULHK in the ULHK Entities Acquisition and increased outstanding balances from our operating line
of credit with TBK Bank, SSB during fiscal 2024. 

For the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company
recognized gain on change in valuation of contingent
consideration in the amount of 1.8 million, which represents the reversal of a previously recorded earn-out provision as part of
ULHK Entities Acquisition as we determined after closing that the milestones that would have triggered the payment had not been met. There was no similar item during the year ended May 31, 2024. 

For
the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company recorded 5.9 million gain in fair value of derivative liability compared to a 0.9
million gain in fair value of derivative liabilities recorded for the year ended May 31, 2023. This derivative related to the
antidilution provision imbedded in the Company s preferred stock. 

Finally,
for the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company recorded losses related to the termination of the Merger Agreement, including a write
off previously capitalized uplist cost in the amount of 3.1 million, assumption of 3.0 term debt and the issuance of the Warrants, which had
a fair value of 6.9 million. There were no similar expenses incurred during the year ended May 31, 2023. 

27 

Net
(Loss) Income 

Net
loss was 7.1 million for the year ended May 31, 2024, compared to net income of 8.2 million for the year ended May 31, 2023. Net
loss attributable to common shareholders was 7.0 million during the year ended May 31, 2024 compared to net income available to
common shareholders of 8.2 million for the year ended May 31, 2023. These results were mostly due to the 4.4 million loss from
operations during fiscal 2024 compared to income from operations of 10.5 million during fiscal 2023 and the 11.4 million in other
expenses incurred during fiscal 2024, partially offset by an 8.7 million income tax benefit in fiscal 2024. 

Impairment Considerations 

Given the history of reduction in revenue, use
of cash from operations, and net loss for the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company reviewed goodwill and intangible assets for
potential impairment. In evaluating the potential events and circumstance during the fiscal year, management did not note any
impairment indicators that would cause more likely than not the fair value of any reporting units to be less than its carrying
amount. For such evaluation management used current year projections, and independently determined enterprise value of the
Company. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. Substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern exists when conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable that
the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued. 

The
following table summarizes the Company s total current assets, liabilities and working capital at the dates indicated: 

May 31, 2024 
 May 31, 2023 
 Change 
 change 
 
 Current Assets 
 51,732,391 
 60,326,985 
 (8,594,594 
 (14.2 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 47,589,867 
 52,448,603 
 (4,858,736 
 (9.3 
 
 Working Capital 
 4,142,524 
 7,878,382 
 (3,735,858 
 (47.4 

The
Company s working capital was 4.1 million and 7.9 million, respectively, as of May 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company maintains
its operating line of credit with TBK Bank, SSB, and on July 20, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with TBK Bank to renew
the TBK line of credit with a credit limit of up to 25.0 million. The Company experienced negative operating cash flows during the
year ended May 31, 2024, due to adverse market conditions. We believe that the funds available under the TBK line of credit are
sufficient to provide the Company with the cash required to support its ongoing operations until market conditions
improve. 

While
the Company continues to execute its strategic plan and grow its customer base, management is focused on managing cash and
monitoring the Company s liquidity position. We have implemented several initiatives to conserve our liquidity position,
including increasing credit facilities, when needed, reducing the cost of debt by obtaining more favorable financing, controlling
general and administrative expenditures, and improving our cash collection processes. Many aspects of our liquidity plan involve
management s judgments and estimates that include factors that could be beyond our control and actual results could differ
from our estimates. These and other factors could cause the strategic plan to be unsuccessful, which could have a material adverse
effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Negative operating capital may be an indicator that there could
be a going concern issue, but based on our evaluation of the Company s projected cash flows and business performance as of and
subsequent to May 31, 2024, management has concluded that the Company s current cash and cash availability under the TBK
line of credit as of May 31, 2024, would be sufficient to fund its planned operations and alleviates substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date the consolidated financial statements
were issued. 

28 

Cash
generated and used by the Company during the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 

For the Year Ended, May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended, May 31, 2023 
 Change 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (13,810,278 
 32,142,133 
 (45,952,410 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 359,898 
 10,523,976 
 (10,164,079 
 
 Net cash provided (used in) by financing activities 
 10,670,504 
 (37,347,523 
 48,018,027 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 (164,801 
 3,258 
 (168,059 
 
 Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalent 
 (2,944,677 
 5,321,845 
 (8,266,521 

Operating
activities used cash of 13.8 million during the year ended May 31, 2024 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of
 32.1 million during the year ended May 31, 2023. The primary reason for the cash used during 2024 was the loss from operations of
 4.4 million, an increase in accounts receivables of 4.0 million and a reduction in accounts payable of 6.5 million. The primary reason for cash provided during the year ended May 31, 2023, was collections on accounts receivables
offset by a reduction in accounts payable and accrued freight. 

Investing
activities provided cash of 0.4 million during the year ended May 31, 2024 compared to 10.5 million during the year ended May 31, 2023.
During the year ended May 31, 2024, investing activities consisted of purchases of equipment and dividends received from equity method
investments. During the year ended May 31, 2023, investing activities consisted of purchases of equipment, dividends and cash acquired
as part of business combination that is cash remaining in the acquired entities bank accounts. 

Financing activities provided
cash of 10.7 million during the year ended May 31, 2024, as a result of additional borrowings of 5.1 million from the TBK line of credit
and 8.0 million under the Financing Agreement, offset by partial repayments of the notes issued in the ULHK Entities Acquisition. Financing
activities used cash of 37.4 million during the year ended May 31, 2023, primarily as a result of our repayment of 30.1 million on the
TBK Bank line of credit offset by borrowing 4.0 million in the form of a term debt and repayment of 10.7 million of related party notes.
Cash used by financing activities during the year ended May 31, 2023 was primarily for repayment of 40.0 million in liabilities, primarily
repayment of the TBK Bank line of credit. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

We
consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were
highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and (2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from
period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact
on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Management
has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with our board of directors. In addition, there are
other items within our financial statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical as defined above. Changes in estimates
used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Derivative
liability 

The Company has identified and recorded derivative instruments arising
from an anti-dilution provision. An embedded derivative liability is representing the rights of holders of Convertible Preferred Stock
Series A, C and D to receive additional shares of Common Stock upon issuance of any additional shares of Common Stock by the Company prior
to a qualified financing event as defined in the preferred shares agreement. Each reporting period, the embedded derivative liability,
if material, would be adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end with changes in fair value recorded in the Change in fair
value of embedded derivative liability financial statement line item of the Company s statements of operations. The underlying
value of the anti-dilution provision is calculated from estimating the probability and value of the provision assuming a near term financing
event. For the year ended May 31, 2024, based on the assumption of how antidilutive shares of Convertible Preferred Series A, C and D
would be exchanged in the near future for shares of Common Stock, and the fact that the antidilution provision of these shares is effective
through December 31, 2024, the assumptions include probability of the financing event, estimated value of the Common Stock at the exchange
point and estimated time to financing event, therefore this estimate is subject to uncertainty. This estimate is deemed critical as the
underlying value of this instrument changed by 7.1 and 50.1 during the years ended May 31, 2023, and 2024 respectively. 

Warrants 

As previously discussed, in connection with the termination of the Merger
Agreement on March 1, 2024, the Company agreed to issue the Warrants entitling the holder thereof to purchase a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the greater of (a) 7 of enterprise value as calculated in a manner to be mutually agreed and acceptable to the origination
agent and the Company on a fully diluted basis and (b) 7,000,000, on terms, conditions and in a form reasonably acceptable to origination
agent, and having an exercise price of 0.01 per share. 

The
anti-dilution provisions applicable to the Warrants shall at no time be less favorable to the holder thereof than those accorded by
the Company to any other person on or after the effective date of the Second Waiver. The Warrants shall be exercisable for a period
of 7.5 years. This arrangement did not meet qualification requirements to be classified as equity because there is no explicit limit
on the number of shares to be delivered in a share settlement. Accordingly, the Warrants were classified as a liability as the
issuer is obligated to settle the Warrants by issuing a variable number of shares and the monetary value of the obligation based on
a predetermined fixed amount, variation in something other than the issuer s stock price, in this case the amount is the
enterprise value of the Company at the time of the future financing event. As the Warrants were not yet issued on the balance sheet
date, the Warrants were recorded as other long-term liability. Due to the unique nature of the Warrants, which the Company
anticipates will have an effective date of September 1, 2024, a Monte Carlo simulation was necessary in order to properly perform
the valuation. Monte Carlo simulation analysis is mathematically similar to that used in a Black-Scholes option pricing model.
However, in a Monte Carlo simulation, a computer is used to generate random price movements, which are constrained by the expected
volatility of the underlying security. Where each step in a binomial model contains two possible outcomes, each step in a Monte
Carlo simulation contains an unlimited number of potential outcomes. This estimate is deemed critical as the underlying value of
this instrument changed from 7,415,816 to 6,879,823 or by 7.2 from the inception on March 1, 2024 through May 31,
2024. 

29 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

We
define adjusted EBITDA to be earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, transaction gains and losses, other income, merger and acquisition costs, impairment
charges and certain other non-recurring items. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. We present adjusted EBITDA
because we believe that adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplement to net income as an indicator of operating performance and represents income that is within management s control. We use
adjusted EBITDA as a financial metric to measure the financial performance of the business because management believes that it
provides additional information with respect to the performance of our fundamental business activities. For this reason, we believe
that adjusted EBITDA will also be useful to others, including our stockholders, as a valuable financial metric. 

Adjusted
EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income, as an indicator of performance or as an alternative to cash flows
from operating activities as an indicator of cash flows, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, or as a measure of
liquidity. In addition, adjusted EBITDA does not take into account changes in certain assets and liabilities as well as interest and
income taxes that can affect cash flows. We do not intend the presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure to be considered in
isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. This non-GAAP financial measure should be read only in
conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Following
is the reconciliation of our consolidated net income to adjusted EBITDA for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Net income 
 (7,113,203 
 8,214,568 

Add Back: 

Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (8,669,235 
 1,388,983 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,022,172 
 1,270,462 
 
 Gain (loss) on foreign exchange 
 (312,691 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (5,889,261 
 (879,733 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent liability 
 - 
 (1,750,000 
 
 Uplist termination cost 
 3,054,514 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 4,360,242 
 3,836,511 
 
 Change in fair value of expected warrants 
 535,993 
 - 
 
 SPAC merger termination cost 
 9,338,530 
 - 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (2,672,939 
 12,080,791 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

30 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
consolidated financials are submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, the Company recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and we necessarily are
required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. 

Evaluation
of disclosure and controls and procedures 

As
of May 31, 2024, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of May 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective and require remediation in order to be effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Internal
control over financial reporting is defined, under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer s board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

31 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the issuer; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

The
Company s principal executive officers, that is, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2024. In making this assessment, the
Company s principal executive officers were guided by the releases issued by the SEC and to the extent applicable the criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013). The Company s principal executive officers have concluded, based on their assessment, that as of May
31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective and requires remediation in order to be effective at the
reasonable assurance level. In addition, our auditors identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting during their audit of our financial statements for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024. A material weakness is a
deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. In the course of preparing the financial statements for the year ended May 31, 2024, we identified separate material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, which relates to the ineffective design and implementation of information
technology general controls ITGC combined with the lack of properly designed management review controls to
compensate for these deficiencies. The Company s ITGC deficiencies included improperly designed controls pertaining to user
access rights and segregation of duties over systems that are critical to the Company s system of financial reporting.
Management s general assessment of the above processes in light of the company s size, maturity and complexity, as to
the design and effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting is that the key controls and procedures in each of
these processes provide reasonable assurance regarding reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. During the fiscal year ended May 31,
2024 and subsequently to year end we commenced the remediation and actively addressed a number of previously
identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, including ITGC deficiencies and we significantly
improved our accounting processes, and documentation, introduced new accounting policies and procedures, upgraded our accounting
personnel and provided our employees with necessary tools and resources. but because we have not completed a full risk assessment of
the internal control over financial reporting at the activity level, including extensive process documentation and testing, we are
not able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting are operating effectively and efficiently at this time. The
Company s principal executive officers and board of directors are committed to achieving full compliance. 

Readers
are cautioned that internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations and may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Therefore, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance with
respect to the financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the quarter ended May 31, 2024, the Company actively addressed and commenced to remediate a number of previously identified material
weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
its internal control over financial reporting. We improved our accounting processes and documentation, introduced new accounting policies
and procedures, and provided training to our accounting personnel. There have been no changes except for the improvements discussed above
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the last quarterly period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

32 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
following table sets forth, as of the date hereof, the names and ages of our executive officers and directors, and their respective positions
and offices held. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Sunandan
 Ray 
 
 66 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Migdalia
 Diaz 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Eli
 Kay 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 David
 Briones 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Patrick
 Lee 
 
 47 
 
 Director 

Sunandan
Ray has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a Director of Unique Logistics since October 2020. Mr. Ray has
close to 30 years of experience in the logistics industry. He established and managed over 15 of ULHK s offices in the United States
and India with over 400 million in revenue. Prior to working with ULHK, Mr. Ray established and managed operating companies on behalf
of MSAS Cargo International (now part of DHL/Deutsche Post) in the United States, India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Mauritius and Turkey
from 1989 to 1997. In 1997, Sunandan successfully negotiated with MSAS Cargo a management buyout of the companies under his management
and after building the group from 1997 to 2005 into a 50 million enterprise, it was bought by French transportation company, Group Bollore.
After the sale to Group Bollore in 2005, Mr. Ray continued as a Senior Vice President in Group Bollore with responsibility for the Group s
business on the Transpacific sector as well as in the Indian subcontinent before joining the ULHK s New York based operating subsidiary
in 2010. From 1992 through 1996, Mr. Ray built and sold to a strategic investor a group of software companies, Sunrise Group, that had
over 10 million in revenue at the time of sale. Mr. Ray is a qualified Chartered Accountant (London, UK) who worked for 10 years with
Price Waterhouse (now PwC) in London, UK, The Hague, Netherlands and New York, New York from 1979 to 1989. He also holds a Masters in
Science (Technology) in Computer Science from the Birla Institute of Technology Science, in Pilani, India. 

Migdalia Mickey Diaz has served as Chief Operating Officer of Unique Logistics since April 2022. She brings over 32
years of experience in the logistics industry prior to joining the Company, with over 20 years in officer and senior management roles. Between 2018 and April
2022, Ms. Diaz served as Senior Vice President Customer Experience for the Americas and as Vice President of Operations USA at
GEODIS, an international logistics provider. From 2011 to 2018, Ms. Diaz served as Vice President of Operations and board member at
Dachser USA, another international logistics company. From 2006 to 2011 Ms. Diaz served as a board member, Chief Operating Officer
of USA, and Chief Executive Officer Latin America of IJS Global, an international freight forwarder. The Unique Logistics board of
directors believes that Ms. Diaz s experience in management and operations and her extensive knowledge in logistics and
international regulatory requirements makes her ideally qualified to help lead it towards continued growth and success. 

33 

Eli
Kay joined Unique Logistics as its Chief Financial Officer in April 2021. As Chief Financial Officer he is responsible for
all aspects of Unique Logistics financial management, including SEC reporting and compliance. Eli previously served as Chief
Financial Officer for Transit Wireless LLC, an exclusive provider of wireless infrastructure in the New York City Subway, from 2019
to 2020, and prior to that as Chief Financial Officer for JFKIAT, a joint venture between Delta Airlines and Royal Schiphol Group
with operations at JFK International Airport, from 2016 to 2019. From 2013 to 2016 he served as Chief Financial Officer for the
Chicago Skyway and the Indiana Toll Road Concession Companies in Chicago, both owned by private equity infrastructure funds. He
progressed through a series of senior management positions in finance and accounting roles with two publicly traded companies in the
manufacturing industry from 2006 to 2013. Eli started his career in public accounting in 1997 as an auditor and worked for 10 years
primarily with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Kay holds Bachelor of Science in Accounting and a Master s in Business
Administration degrees, both from the University of Oregon. Mr. Kay is a Certified Public Accountant. 

David
Briones has served as a member of the board of directors of Unique Logistics since October 2020. Mr. Briones is the founder and
managing member of the Brio Financial Group, a financial consulting firm that brings experienced finance and accounting expertise to
both public and private companies. Since 2010, Brio has served over 75 companies as well as numerous banks, hedge funds, venture capital
funds and private equity firms. Mr. Briones has provided several public companies in financial reporting, internal control development
and evaluation, budgeting and forecasting services. He has developed a specialty representing private companies as the outsourced Chief
Financial Officer Financial reporting specialist as a private company navigates toward becoming a public company through a self-filing,
a reverse merger or through a traditional initial public offering. In addition, Mr. Briones has served as the Chief Financial Officer
of Hoth Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing new generation therapies for unmet medical
needs, since March 2019. He also served as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, and a Director of Larkspur Health Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from March 2021 to December 2022. From August 2013 to January 2020, Mr. Briones served
as Chief Financial Officer of Petro River Oil Corp., an independent energy company focused on the exploration and development of conventional
oil and gas assets. Mr. Briones also served as interim Chief Financial Officer of AdiTx Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADTX), a pre-clinical
stage, life sciences company with a mission to prolong life and enhance life quality of transplanted patients, from January 2018 to July
2020 (until its initial public offering). From October 2017 to May 2018, Mr. Briones served as the Chief Financial Officer of Bitzumi,
Inc., a Bitcoin exchange and marketplace. Prior to founding Brio Financial Group, LLC, Mr. Briones was an auditor with Bartolomei Pucciarelli,
LLC in Lawrenceville, New Jersey and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in New York, New York. Mr. Briones received a Bachelor of Science degree
in accounting from Fairfield University. 

Patrick
Lee has served as a member of the board of directors of Unique Logistics since October 2020. Mr. Lee has 15 years of
experience in freight forwarding/warehousing senior management. Previously, he had been involved in two global companies in the logistics
industry, holding positions including Management Trainee, Business Development Coordinator, and Logistics Operations Coordinator. From
2005 through 2012, Patrick was the Business Development Director for ULHK. From 2012 to 2017, Patrick served ULHK in his capacity as
Executive Vice President, and has served as its Group Chief Operating Officer since 2017 and as a member of its board of directors since
2012. He has a Bachelor of Commerce from University of British Columbia (Canada) and an MSc in Supply Chain Management from Cranfield
University (England). 

Committees 

We
currently do not have any committees of the board of directors in place. 

Independent
Directors 

For
purposes of determining independence, the Company has adopted the definition of independent director as defined in Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). Pursuant to the definition, the Company has determined that one of its directors, David Briones, currently qualifies
as independent. 

34 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships amongst our officers and directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer, controller, and any person performing similar functions. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request; such requests should be directed to ir@unique-usa.com. We intend to disclose
on our website any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waivers thereof with respect to such persons. 

Legal
Proceedings 

On June 15, 2021, Mr. Kay filed for personal
bankruptcy through the filing of a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in New York federal court. The aforementioned bankruptcy was discharged
on March 23, 2022. 

With
the exception of the foregoing, during the past ten years, none of our current directors or executive officers has been: 

the
 subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject
 to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
 or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities; 

found
 by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a
 federal or state securities or commodities law, that has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

subject
 of, or a party to, any order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged
 violation of a federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies, law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

subject
 of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any
 registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

35 

None
of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any beneficial owner of 5 or more of our Common Stock, or any associate of such persons,
is an adverse party in any material proceeding to, or has a material interest adverse to, us or any of our subsidiaries. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation earned by Unique Logistics executive officers for their services rendered in all capacities
for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Other ) 
 Total ) 

Sunandan Ray, 
 2024 
 277,293 
 202,746 
 19,500 (1,2) 
 499,539 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2023 
 290,140 
 325,898 
 19,500 
 635,538 

Migdalia Diaz, 
 2024 
 281,663 
 0 
 1,500 (2) 
 283,163 

Chief Operating Officer 
 2023 
 304,500 
 25,000 
 1,500 
 331,000 

Eli Kay, 
 2024 
 222,000 
 25,000 
 1,500 (2) 
 248,500 

Chief Financial Officer 
 2023 
 217,250 
 29,700 
 1,500 
 248,450 

(1) 
 Consists
 of automobile allowance of 18,000 and home office allowance. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists
 of home office allowance. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-end 

Effective
November 20, 2020, the Board approved, authorized and adopted the Unique Logistics International, Inc. 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan
(the 2020 Plan and certain forms of ancillary agreements to be used in connection with the issuance of stock and/or options
pursuant to the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock through the grant of non-qualified
options, incentive options and restricted stock to directors, officers, consultants, attorneys, advisors and employees. 

There
were no equity awards outstanding at May 31, 2024 or 2023. 

Director
Compensation 

The
Company does not currently compensate its directors for their service in such capacity and did not do so during the years ended May 31,
2024 or 2023. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
May 29, 2020, Unique Logistics and Sunandan Ray entered into an employment agreement, as amended pursuant to an amendment thereto effective
May 29, 2021, pursuant to which Mr. Ray has been employed by Unique Logistics to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Ray s employment agreement has an initial term of three years and automatically renews for successive consecutive one-year periods,
unless either party provides notice to the other party not more than 270 days and not less than 180 days before the end of the then-existing
term. The agreement provides that Mr. Ray will receive a base salary of 250,000 per year with annual increases at the rate of 3 , with
such increases applied on January 1 of each year. The employment agreement includes a performance-based bonus of up to 125 of the base
salary upon Unique Logistics achieving certain performance targets set forth in the agreement. The agreement also provides that Mr. Ray
is entitled to an annual car allowance of up to 18,000 and reimbursement for home office expenses, including without limitation the
purchase and maintenance of a home computer with linkup facilities to Unique Logistics, a home facsimile, printer and scanner, interconnection
of two telephone or cable connections to the Internet, laptop computer, portable mobile phone, together with any charges for the use
thereof. 

36 

Mr.
Ray s employment agreement also provides for other employment benefits and reimbursement provisions that are typical of such
agreements. Upon any termination of Mr. Ray s employment with Unique Logistics, except for a termination for Cause, as defined
in the agreement, Mr. Ray will be entitled to a payment equal to two years worth of the then-existing base salary and the
prior year s bonus and to retain the health, other medical, car allowance, home office, 401(k), life insurance, financial
planning, and disability insurance benefits set forth in Article IV of the agreement for the balance of its term. 

On
August 11, 2021, Unique Logistics and Mr. Kay entered into an employment agreement pursuant to which Mr. Kay serves as Unique Logistics 
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kay s employment agreement provides that his employment is at will, meaning that either
party can terminate his employment at any time for any reason, provided that Mr. Kay may not voluntarily terminate his employment upon
less than 30 days prior written notice or upon such shorter notice as Unique Logistics and Mr. Kay agree. Under Mr. Kay s employment
agreement, Mr. Kay will be paid an initial annual salary of 180,000, subject to annual review and adjustment, and a monthly home office
allowance of 125. Mr. Kay is also entitled to receive certain benefits such as health insurance, vacation, and other benefits consistent
with Unique Logistics benefit plans extended to its other executive employees. In addition, for the fiscal year ended May 31,
2021, and in each subsequent fiscal year, Mr. Kay will be eligible to receive an annual bonus at the discretion of Unique Logistics 
board of directors. 

On September 17, 2024, Unique Logistics entered into an amendment to the existing Employment Agreement, dated as
of August 11, 2021, with Eli Kay. Pursuant to the Kay Amendment, Mr. Kay s annual salary shall be increased from 180,000 to 275,000,
and the scope of Mr. Kay s employment will be updated from the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to Chief Financial Officer
for the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The amendment further extends the termination notice period from 30 days to six months.
According to the amendment, in the event of termination without cause and in lieu of six months notice of termination, the Company
shall pay Mr. Kay his ongoing salary for six months and Mr. Kay shall be entitled to any bonus earned and disbursed during the termination
notice and severance period. 

On
April 25, 2022, Unique Logistics and Ms. Diaz entered into an employment agreement pursuant to which Ms. Diaz serves as Unique Logistics 
Chief Operating Officer. The agreement provides that Ms. Diaz employment is at will and that either party has the
right to terminate her employment at any time and for any or for no reason upon 90 days notice. Ms. Diaz employment agreement
provides that she will receive an annual salary of 304,500 and a monthly home office allowance of 125. Additionally, Ms. Diaz is eligible
for a discretionary performance incentive payment that, for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023, may be up to 60 of her annual gross
salary (the Incentive Bonus ). Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Diaz received an incentive advance of 25,000 upon
completion of six months of employment, which will be offset against the Incentive Bonus. The agreement also contains non-competition,
non-solicitation, and confidentiality provisions. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of August 29, 2024, the number of shares of Common Stock owned by (i) each person who is known by us
to own of record or beneficially 5 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our
executive officers, and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The address of our directors and officers is c/o
Unique Logistics Holdings, Inc. at 154-09 146 th Ave, Jamaica, NY 11434. 

37 

Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and is calculated based on 799,141,770 shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding as of August 29, 2024. Shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants, shares of Preferred Stock or other securities
convertible into Common Stock that are currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of August 29,
2024, are deemed outstanding (i) without regard to the fact that the Company is limited to 800,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock
and (ii) for computing the percentage of the person holding the option, warrant, preferred stock, or convertible security but not for
computing the percentage of any other person. 

The
holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock reflected in the table below vote together with the holders of the Common
Stock on an as converted basis on each matter submitted to a vote of holders of Common Stock. With respect to the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, Unique Logistics may not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the then-outstanding shares of the applicable series, (i) disproportionally alter or change adversely the powers, preferences
or rights given to, or alter or amend the Certificate of Designations of, such Series of Preferred Stock, (ii) amend its certificate
of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that disproportionally adversely affects any rights of the holders of such
series of Preferred Stock, (iii) increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of such series of Preferred Stock or (iv) enter
into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. Otherwise, holders of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock have no voting rights except as required by law. 

Except
as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the
table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock that they beneficially own, except to the
extent that power may be shared with a spouse. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Total Shares Beneficially Owned 
 of Unique Logistics Common Stock Outstanding 
 
 5 Beneficial Stockholders 

Great Eagle Freight Limited (1) 
 1,002,015,791 
 55.6 
 
 3a Capital Establishment (2) 
 939,343,295 
 54.0 
 
 Trillium Partners LP (3) 
 939,343,295 
 54.0 
 
 Douglas Tabor (4) 
 43,878,000 
 5.5 

Officers and Directors 

Sunandan Ray (5) 
 4,693,413,109 
 91.3 
 
 David Briones (6) 
 130,929,400 
 14.1 
 
 Patrick Lee 
 601,209 
 0.1 
 
 Eli Kay 

Migdalia Diaz 

Officers and Directors as a Group (5 persons) 
 4,824,943,718 
 91.0 

(1) 
 Great
 Eagle Freight Limited beneficially owns no shares of Common Stock and 153,062 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that convert at
 a rate of 6,646.47 shares Common Stock for every one share of Series B Preferred Stock. Mr. Richard Chi Tak Lee has sole voting and
 dispositive power over the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Great Freight Limited. 

38 

(2) 
 Represents
 the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that 3a can beneficially control under a contractually stipulated 9.99 ownership restriction.
 3a beneficially owns no shares of Common Stock and 180 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that convert at a rate of 6,283,080
 shares of Common Stock for every one share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Nicola Feuerstein has sole voting and dispositive
 power over the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by 3a. 
 
 (3) 
 Stephen
 M. Hicks has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Trillium. 
 
 (4) 
 Douglas
 Tabor reported in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023, that he has sole voting and investment power of 40,878,000
 shares of Common Stock and shared voting and dispositive power with Texas Time Express, Inc., a Texas corporation, of 3,000,000 shares
 of Common Stock. Mr. Tabor is the President of Texas Time Express, Inc. 
 
 (5) 
 Sunandan
 Ray owns 322,086,324 shares of Common Stock and 667,738 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that convert at a rate of 6,546.47 shares
 of Common Stock for every one share of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 (6) 
 David
 Briones owns no shares of Common Stock and 20,000 shares of Series A Convertible Stock that convert at a rate of 6,546.47 shares
 of Common Stock for every one share of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
following is a summary of transactions to which Unique Logistics has been or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded
or exceeds or will exceed 120,000 and in which any of Unique Logistics directors, executive officers or beneficial holders
of more than 5 of any class of its capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing a household with, any of
these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements that are described
in the section of this report entitled
 Executive Compensation . 

Other
than as disclosed below, there have been no transactions involving Unique Logistics since the beginning of its last fiscal year, or any
currently proposed transactions, in which Unique Logistics was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or
1 of the average of Unique Logistics total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

39 

Purchase
of Equity Interests 

As
discussed above, on August 1, 2024, Unique Logistics purchased all of the shares of common stock of Unique Singapore from ULHK for 2,150,000.
Patrick Lee, a director of the Company, is a director and the Group Chief Operating Officer of ULHK. Richard Lee, an owner of ULHK, is
also an affiliate of the Company through his interests in Great Eagle Freight Limited. Mr. Lee s interest in the purchase is approximately
 223,600 based on his ownership in ULHK. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Audit fees 
 662,525 
 492,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax services 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 662,525 
 492,000 

Audit
Fees: Audit fees incurred for the annual audit of the Company s financial statements included as part of our Form 10-K
filing and audit related services including the quarterly reviews associated with our Form 10-Q filings. 

Audit-Related
Fees: Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Services Fees: Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance. These services include assistance
regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

a.
Exhibits 

(a) 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series A Preferred of Innocap, Inc., dated October 7, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/13/2020 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series B Preferred of Innocap, Inc., dated October 7, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/13/2020 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 7, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 7, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December
 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December
 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.4 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December
 15, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.5 
 
 01/14/2022 

3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December
 15, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.6 
 
 01/14/2022 

3.9 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 01/14/2021 

3.10 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/09/2021 

40 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 26, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 04/29/2022 

3.12 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/07/2022 

3.13 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/07/2022 

3.14 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 10/07/2022 

3.15 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 31, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 04/20/2023 

3.16 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 31, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.2 
 
 04/20/2023 

3.17 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 31, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.3 
 
 04/20/2023 

3.18 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 17, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 01/19/2024 

3.19 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 17, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 01/19/2024 

3.20 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International,
 Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 16, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 01/19/2024 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of Securities 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 4.1 
 
 09/22/2023 

4.2 
 
 First
 Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement, dated July 20, 2023, by and among TBK Bank, SSB and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 07/26/2023 

4.3 
 
 First
 Amendment to Intercreditor Agreement, dated July 20, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics Holdings Limited, TBK Bank, SSB and Alter
 Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 07/26/2023 

10.1 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 28, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/19/2022 

41 

10.7 
 
 Share
 Sale and Purchase Agreement (Unique Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd.), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique
 Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.17 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for Unique Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd., dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.20 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.21 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 4,500,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.12 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.22 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.23 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.24 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 2,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.15 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.25 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.16 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.27 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 2,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.28 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.19 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.29 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 500,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.20 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.30 
 
 Shareholders Agreement for ULI (South China) Company Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.21 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.31 
 
 Shareholders Agreement for TGF Unique Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.22 
 
 02/27/2023 

42 

10.32 
 
 Share
 Purchase and Asset Transfer Agreement for ULI (North and East China) Company Limited and Supplement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.23 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.33 
 
 Financing
 Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistics Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics
 International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., Alter Domus (US) LLC, CB Agent Services LLC, CB Participations
 SPV, LLC, and CP IV SPV, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.34 
 
 Fee
 Letter, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistic Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics
 International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., Alter Domus (US) LLC, and CB Agent Services LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.35 
 
 Security
 Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistic Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics
 International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.36 
 
 Collateral
 Assignment, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.37 
 
 Intercompany
 Subordination Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistic Holdings, Inc.,
 Unique Logistics International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., Unique Logistics International (India) Private
 Ltd., ULI (North East China) Company Limited, Unique Logistics International (H.K.) Limited, ULI (South China) Limited, Unique
 Logistics International (South China) Limited, Unique Logistics International (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Unique logistics International
 Limited, and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.38 
 
 Agent
 Fee Letter, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.39 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated May 29, 2020, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Sunandan Ray 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/13/2020 

10.40 
 
 Amendment
 dated as of May 29, 21, to Employment Agreement by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Sunandan Ray 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 06/03/2021 

10.41 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Eli Kay 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/16/2021 

10.42 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Migdalia Diaz 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/26/2022 

10.43 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 12/19/2022 

10.44 
 
 Amended Promissory Note in the principal amount of 2,500,000, dated July 7, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/11/2023 

10.45 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 20, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistic Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., and TBK Bank, SSB 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/26/2023 

10.46 
 
 Amended and Restated General Subordination Agreement, dated July 20, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistics Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc. and Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 07/26/2023 

10.48 
 
 Amendment
 to Promissory Note, dated as of September 8, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings
 Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/20/2023 

10.49 
 
 Waiver
 and Amendment No. 1 to Financing Agreement, dated September 13, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., CB Agent
 Services LLC, Alter Domus (US) LLC, and Alter Domus 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 09/20/2023 

10.50 
 
 Acknowledgement
 and Waiver Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2023, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Edify Merger Sub, Inc., and Unique Logistics
 International, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 09/20/2023 

10.51 
 
 Amendment
 to the Amended and Restated Letter Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2023, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Colbeck Edify
 Holdings, LLC, and Unique Logistics International, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 09/20/2023 

43 

10.53 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated as of October 9, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/10/2023 

10.54 
 
 Mutual
 Termination Agreement by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Edify Merger Sub, Inc. and Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated
 as of March 1, 2024. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/01/2024 

10.55 
 
 Note
 11, dated as of March 5, 2024, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/11/2024 

10.56 
 
 Note
 12, dated as of March 5, 2024, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 03/11/2024 

10.57 
 
 Second
 Amended Second Net Assets Note, dated as of March 5, 2024, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics
 Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 03/11/2024 

10.58 
 
 Amended
 Original Seller Note, dated as of March 6, 2024, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings
 Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 03/11/2024 

10.59 
 
 Waiver
 and amendment no. 2 to financing agreement, dated as of February 5, 2024, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., certain
 of its subsidiaries party thereto as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, CB Agent Services LLC, as origination agent, and Alter
 Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent and administrative agent. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/15/2024 

10.60 
 
 Share
 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated April 29, 2024, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings
 Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/03/2024 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 21.1 
 
 09/22/2023 

31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

b.
Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 October 17, 2024 
 UNIQUE
 LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Sunandan Ray 

Sunandan
 Ray 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sunandan Ray 
 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 October 17, 2024 
 
 Sunandan
 Ray 
 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Eli Kay 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October 17, 2024 
 
 Eli
 Kay 
 
 Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/
 David Briones 
 
 Director 
 
 October 17, 2024 
 
 David
 Briones 

/s/
 Patrick Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 October 17, 2024 
 
 Patrick
 Lee 

45 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 May
31, 2024 

Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Unique
Logistics International, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unique Logistics International, Inc. (the Company as of May
31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of May 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
May 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit s we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

October 17, 2024 

F- 2 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

May 31, 2024 
 May 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Contract assets 

Other current assets and prepaids 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other noncurrent assets: 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Equity-method investments 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Deferred tax asset, net 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering cost 
 - 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and current liabilities 

Accrued freight 

Revolving credit facility 

Current portion of notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of notes payable to related parties 
 - 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Notes payable 

Notes payable to related parties, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Derivative liabilities 

Deferred tax liability, net 
 - 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred Stock, 
 par value: 
 shares authorized (Note 12) 
 - 
 - 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value; issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2024 and 2023. Liquidation preference at May 31, 2024 

Series B Convertible Preferred stock, par value; issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2024 and 2023. Liquidation preference of at May 31, 2024 

Series C Convertible Preferred stock, par value; , issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2024 and 2023. Liquidation preference million at May 31, 2024 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series D Convertible Preferred stock, par value; issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2024 and 2023. Liquidation preference million at May 31, 2024 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2024 and 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity attributable to common shareholder 

Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Airfreight 

Ocean freight 

Contract logistics 

Customs brokerage and other services 

Total revenues 

Equity method earnings 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Airfreight 

Ocean freight 

Contract logistics 

Customs brokerage and other services 

Salaries and related costs 

Professional fees 

Rent and occupancy 

Selling and promotion 

Depreciation and amortization 

Foreign exchange transactions, net 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total costs and operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other (expense) income 

Interest expense 

Uplist termination cost 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

SPAC merger termination cost 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent liabilities 
 - 

Change in fair value of expected warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 - 

Total other (expenses) income 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

Net (loss) income 

Noncontrolling interest (income) loss 

Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 

Net income available for common shareholders per common share 

basic 

diluted 
 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

basic 

diluted 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Net Income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 OCI tax effect 

Total comprehensive income 

Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholder 

F- 5 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the Years Ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 earning 
 to
 registrant 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Series
 D Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid
 in 
 Accumulated
 Comprehensive 
 Retained 
 Total
 Stockholders 
 equity attributable 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 earning 
 to
 registrant 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance,
 June 1, 2022 

- 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of Preferred A to Common Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Preferred D to Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Recognition
 of non-controlling interest upon acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 May 31, 2023 

- 
 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 May 31, 2024 

- 
 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 
 - 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) and provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Credit loss recovery 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of right of use assets 

Equity method earnings 
 
 - 
 
 Change in net deferred tax provision 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 - 

Change in fair value of expected warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Write-off of deferred offering costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and current assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Accrued freight 

Contract liabilities 
 - 

Operating lease liability 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Dividends received from equity method investments 

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayments of notes payable 
 - 

Borrowing of debt due to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of debt due to related parties 

Borrowing (repayments) line of credit, net 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash and equivalents 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents - End of year 

5SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes 

Interest 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Operating lease asset and liability addition 

Warrants issues as part of long-term liabilities addition 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable addition (Note 3) 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash consideration paid in business acquisition 
 - 

Conversion of preferred shares to common stock 
 - 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 May
31, 2024 

million compared to 
million as of May 31, 2023. The Company reported a net loss of 
million compared to net income of 
million for the years ended May 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Net loss was partially due to losses from operations of 
million and due to expenses related to SPAC merger termination (See Note 3) in the amount of 
million offset by decreases in derivative liabilities and income tax benefits. The loss is attributable to operations during the
current year. This deficit was compensated for by dividends received from the foreign subsidiaries or by additional borrowing on the line of
credit. 

The
Company maintains its operating line of credit with TBK Bank, SSB, under which TBK Bank will, from time to time, increase the
Company s credit limit on demand. Credit limit as of May 31, 2024, was set at 
million TBK Facility ). On September 4, 2024 the Company entered into an amendment to the loan agreement for a
temporary increase in the available credit limit from million to million through March 4, 2025. We believe that the
funds available under the current TBK Facility are sufficient to provide the Company with the cash required to support its ongoing
operations until market conditions improve. 

While
the Company continues to execute its strategic plan and grow its customer base, management is focused on
managing cash and monitoring the Company s liquidity position. We have implemented several initiatives to conserve our
liquidity position, including increasing credit facilities, when needed, reducing the cost of debt by obtaining
more favorable financing, controlling general and administrative expenditures, and improving our cash collection processes. Many aspects of the liquidity plan involve management s judgments and estimates that include factors that could be beyond our
control and actual results could differ from our estimates. These and other factors could cause the strategic plan to be
unsuccessful, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Negative
operating capital may be an indicator that there could be a going concern issue, but based on its evaluation of the Company s
projected cash flows and business performance as of and subsequent to May 31, 2024, management has concluded that the
Company s current cash and cash availability under the TBK Facility as of May 31, 2024, would be sufficient to fund its
planned operations and alleviates substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least
one year from the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. 

Revenue
is recognized as follows: 

i. 
 Freight
 income - export sales 

Freight
 income from the provision of air, ocean, and land freight forwarding services are recognized over time based on a relative transit
 time basis through the sail or departure from origin port. The Company is the principal in these transactions and recognizes revenue
 on a gross basis. 

ii. 
 Freight
 income - import sales 

Freight
 income from the provision of air, ocean, and land freight forwarding services are recognized over time based on a relative transit
 time basis through the delivery to the customer s designated location. The Company is the principal in these transactions and
 recognizes revenue on a gross basis. 

iii. 
 Customs
 brokerage and other service income 

Customs
 brokerage and other service income from the provision of other services are recognized at the point in time the performance obligation
 is met. 

The
Company s business practices require, for accurate and meaningful disclosure, that it recognizes revenue over time. The over
time policy is the period from point of origin to arrival of the shipment at the Port of entry (or in the case when the customer
requires delivery to a designated point, the arrival at that delivery point). This overtime policy requires the Company to make significant
judgements to recognize revenue over the estimated duration of time from port of origin to arrival at port of entry. The point in the
process when the Company meets its obligation in the port of entry and the subsequent transfer of the goods to the customer is when the
customer has the obligation to pay, has taken physical possession, has legal title, risk and awards (ownership) and has accepted the
goods. The Company has elected to not disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that
are unsatisfied as of the end of the period as the Company s contracts with its customers have an expected duration of one year
or less. 

The
Company uses independent contractors and third-party carriers in the performance of its transportation services. The Company evaluates
who controls the transportation services to determine whether its performance obligation is to transfer services to the customer or to
arrange for services to be provided by another party. The Company determined it acts as the principal for its transportation services
performance obligation since it is in control of establishing the prices for the specified services, managing all aspects of the shipments
process and assuming the risk of loss for delivery and collection. 

Revenue
billed prior to realization is recorded as contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and contract costs incurred prior
to revenue recognition are recorded as contract assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Contract
Assets 

Contract
assets represent amounts for which the Company has the right to consider for the services provided while a shipment is still in-transit
but for which it has not yet completed the performance obligation and has not yet invoiced the customer. Upon completion of the performance
obligations, which can vary in duration based upon the method of transport and billing the customer, these amounts become classified
within accounts receivable. 

Contract
Liabilities 

Contract
liabilities represent the amount of obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which consideration has been received. 

- 
 
 Current year contract assets recognized, net reclassification to receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Net change 
 
 - 

Significant
Changes in Contract Asset and Contract Liability Balances for the year ended May 31, 2023: 

Contract Assets Increase 
(Decrease) 
 Contract 
 Liabilities (Increase) 
 Decrease 

Reclassification
 of the beginning contract liabilities to revenue, as the result of performance obligation satisfied 
 - 

Cash
 Received in advance and not recognized as revenue 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reclassification
 of the beginning contract assets to receivables, as the result of rights to consideration becoming unconditional 
 
 - 
 
 Prior
 year contract assets recognized, net reclassification to receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 change 

Disaggregation
of Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

Southeast Asia 

United States 

India Sub-continent 

Other 

Total revenue 

million and million, respectively. 

Concentrations 

Revenue
from three major customers in the aggregate as a percentage of the Company s total revenue was 
for the year ended May 31, 2024, with only one customer at . 

Revenue
from three major customers in the aggregate as a percentage of the Company s total revenue was for the year ended May 31,
2023, and no single customer represented more than of total revenue. 

years 

Computer
 equipment 

years 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

years 

Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 Shorter
 of estimated useful life or remaining term of the lease 

Both
the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually. 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. For assets sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any related gain or loss is reflected in income for the period. The Company did not record
any impairment for the year ended May 21, 2024 or May 31, 2023. 

to years. Customer relationships are amortized on a straight-line
basis over to years. 

The
Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of May 31 or if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the fair
value of the entity, or the reporting unit, may be below its carrying amount (a triggering event ). Whenever events or circumstances
change, entities have the option to first make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of goodwill impairment. If impairment is
deemed more likely than not, management would perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. Otherwise, the two-step impairment test
is not required. In assessing the qualitative factors, the Company assessed relevant events and circumstances that may impact the fair
value and the carrying amount of the reporting unit. The identification of the relevant events and circumstances and how these may impact
a reporting unit s fair value or carrying amount involve significant judgements and assumptions. The judgement and assumptions
include the identification of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, Company specific
events and share price trends, an assessment of whether each relevant factor will impact the impairment test positively or negatively,
and the magnitude of such impact. 

If
a quantitative assessment is performed, a reporting unit s fair value is compared to its carrying value. A reporting unit s
fair value is determined based upon consideration of various valuation methodologies, including the income approach, which utilizes projected
future cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the risks involved and multiples of current and future earnings. If the fair
value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount
exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized cannot exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit. 

We
test goodwill for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may
not be recoverable. For the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 the Company conducted its annual review of impairment of goodwill and intangible
assets and no impairment was identified. 

The
Company is able to classify fair value balances based on the observability of those inputs. The guidance establishes a formal fair value
hierarchy based on the inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 measurements and the lowest
priority to level 3 measurements, and accordingly, Level 1 measurement should be used whenever possible. 

The
hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: 

Level
1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities or published net asset value for alternative investments
with characteristics similar to a mutual fund. 

Level
2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly. 

Level
3 Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

The
methods used may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values.
Furthermore, while management believes its valuation methods are appropriate, the fair value of certain financial instruments could result
in a difference fair value measurement at the reporting date. There were no changes in the Company s valuation methodologies from
the prior year. 

For
purpose of this disclosure, the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amounts for financial assets and liabilities
such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable - trade, contract assets, factoring reserve, other prepaid expenses and current
assets, accounts payable trade and other current liabilities, including contract liabilities, convertible notes, promissory notes,
all approximate fair value due to their short-term nature as of May 31, 2024, and May 31, 2023. The carrying amount of the long-term
debt approximates fair value because the interest rates on these instruments approximate the interest rate on debt with similar terms
available to the Company. Lease liabilities approximate fair value based on the incremental borrowing rate used to discount future cash
flows. The Company had Level 3 liabilities, (Derivative liabilities Note) as of May 31, 2024 and May 31, 2023. There were no transfers
between levels during the reporting period. 

Addition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Changes in fair value 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liabilities as May 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liabilities, beginning balance 
 - 
 - 

Addition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liabilities as May 31, 2024 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liabilities, ending balance 
 - 
 - 

Convertible
Preferred Stock 

Convertible
Preferred Stock Series A, C and D feature an anti-dilution provision that expires on a specified date. Management has determined the
anti-dilution provision embedded in preferred stock Series A, C and D is required to be accounted for separately from the preferred
stock as a derivative liability and recorded at fair value. Separation of the anti-dilution option as a derivative liability is
required because its economic characteristics are considered more akin to a debt instrument and therefore the anti-dilution option
is not considered to be clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the preferred stock. 

The
Company has identified and recorded derivative instruments arising from an anti-dilution provision. An embedded derivative liability
is representing the rights of holders of Convertible Preferred Stock Series A, C and D to receive additional common stock of the Company
upon issuance of any additional common stock by the Company prior to qualified financing event as defined in the agreement. Each reporting
period, the embedded derivative liability, if material, would be adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end with changes in fair
value recorded in the Change in fair value of embedded derivative liability financial statement line item of the company s
statements of operations. 

The
underlying value of the anti-dilution provision is calculated from estimating the probability and value of the provision assuming a near
term financing event. For the year ended May 31, 2024, based on the assumption of how antidilutive shares of Convertible Preferred Series
A, C and D would be exchanged in the near future for common stock, and the fact that the antidilution provision of these shares is effective
through December 31, 2024, the assumptions include probability of the financing event, estimated value of common stock at the exchange
point and estimated time to financing event. 

Probability of financing event or capital raise 

Estimated capital raise 
 million 
 million 
 
 Estimated equity value or common stock 
 million 
 per share 
 
 Estimated time to financing event 
 years 
 years 

Effect of dilutive securities: 
 - 
 - 

Diluted net income 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Dilutive securities: 

Series A Preferred 
 - 

Series B Preferred 
 - 

Series C Preferred 
 - 

Series D Preferred 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion diluted 

Basic net income per common share 

Diluted net income per common share 
 
 - 

Series A Preferred 

Series B Preferred 

Series C Preferred 

Series D Preferred 

Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion diluted 

share-based awards. 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 ULI
 (South China) Limited 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International (South China) Limited 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International (India) Private Ltd. 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 ULI
 (North East China) Company Limited 

Equity-method
 investment 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International Co., Ltd 

Equity-method
 investment 
 
 TGF
 Unique Limited 

Equity-method
 investment 

Purchase
Price 

The
total fair value of the consideration recorded as of the acquisition date was million million net of million cash
acquired as part of operating capital). 

Promissory Notes 

- 

- 

(Taiwan) 
 
 - 

(Vietnam) 
 
 - 

Contingent considerations 

- 

Purchase Price 

Promissory
Notes 

As
part of the acquisition, the Company issued certain promissory notes consisting of the following: 

Promissory
Note 1 in the principal amount of 
which matured , having an interest rate of . This note was repaid in full. 

Promissory
Note 2 in the principal amount of 
which matured , having an interest rate of . This note was repaid in full. 

Promissory
Note 3 in the principal amount of 
which matured , having an interest rate of . This note was repaid in full. 

Promissory
Note 4 in the principal amount of which matures and bearing no interest. 

Promissory
Note 5 in the principal amount of for the remaining share capital of Unique Logistics International (India) Private Ltd.
acquired by the Company from Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. FTS ), a New York corporation owned by Sunandan Ray, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, maturing and bearing no interest. 

Promissory
Note 6 in the principal amount of 
due (the Initial Taiwan Maturity Date ), bearing no interest and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided
that all government and other regulatory approvals necessary or required by Taiwan in order to consummate the Transaction as the
same relates to Unique-Taiwan (the Taiwan Approvals have been received by the Initial Taiwan Maturity Date; or (b) in
the event that the Taiwan Approvals have not been received by the Taiwan Maturity Date, payment under this promissory note will be
due and payable within 15 days of receipt of the Taiwan Approvals. This promissory note was issued in lieu of cash otherwise due
under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased Shares of Unique-Taiwan. The Company received the required approvals with
respect to Unique-Taiwan on June 1, 2023 and the Company and ULHK entered into an amended and restated promissory note with respect
to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Taiwan on August 31, 2023, to extend its maturity date to July 31, 2024 and to provide for
interest to be accrued at an annual rate of . This note was amended, and maturity date extended (See Note 10). 

Promissory
Note 7 in the principal amount of due (the Initial Vietnam Maturity Date ), bearing no interest
and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided that all government and other regulatory approvals necessary or required by Vietnam in order
to consummate the Transaction as the same relates to Unique-Vietnam (the Vietnam Approvals have been received by the Initial
Vietnam Maturity Date; or (b) in the event that the Vietnam Approvals have not been received by the Vietnam Maturity Date, payment under
this promissory note will be due and payable within 15 days of receipt of the Vietnam Approvals. This promissory note was issued
in lieu of cash otherwise due under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased Shares of Unique-Vietnam. The Vietnam Approvals
are yet to be obtained. As of September 8, 2023, the Company and ULHK entered into an amendment to the promissory note with respect to
the Purchased Shares in Unique-Vietnam that extended the maturity date of that note to 12 months after receipt of the Vietnam approvals,
although as we have not received the required approvals with respect to Unique-Vietnam this note has not yet become payable. 

Contingent
Considerations 

As
part of ULHK Entities Acquisition the Company issued two additional promissory notes, in lieu of cash, as payment of certain milestones
set forth in the SPA that were already achieved: 

Promissory
 Note 8 in the principal amount of 
 originally due on , having an interest rate of .
 This Promissory Note was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA. Subsequently this note was
 adjusted to reflect Net Asset Adjustments related to the entities acquired and the maturity date was extended to October 31, 2023.
 As of May 31, 2024, the face value of the note approximated its fair value at 
 and interest was accrued accordingly. This note was amended, and maturity date extended (See Note 10). 

Promissory
 Note 9 in the principal amount of due on , and bearing no interest. This Promissory Note was issued in
 respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA. This note was amended, and maturity date extended (See Note 10). 

In
addition to the purchase price discussed above, ULHK was eligible for a one-time cash earn-out payment in the amount of (i) ,
if the EBITDA of the Company s acquired portion of the subsidiaries acquired from ULHK Purchased Shares, in the aggregate, exceeded
 for the one-year period beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending June 30, 2023 (the Earn Out Period ), or (ii) ,
if the EBITDA of the Company s acquired portion of the subsidiaries acquired from ULHK Purchased Shares, in the aggregate, it was
equal to or less than but exceeded , for the Earn Out Period, in each case, to be paid by the Company within 90
days of June 30, 2023. At the date of acquisition, management estimated fair value of the earnout payment based on the actual up to date
performance of the acquired entities and the probability of the earn out payment occurrence to be at as of February 28, 2023.
Subsequent to year end, it was confirmed that the applicable milestone was not achieved, and this contingency was released through the
statement of operations as change in fair value of the contingent liability in the amount of million as a non-recurring level 3
measurement. 

In
accordance with Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement, 
 million of the cash portion of the purchase price
was used to establish a reserve against certain potential existing and contingent liabilities relating to certain of the ULHK Entities
that had not been disclosed to the Company as of the date of the original Stock Purchase Agreement. To the extent that any claims related
to such undisclosed liabilities were asserted on or before February 20, 2024, any amounts that the relevant ULHK Entities pay upon settlement
or are found liable for by a competent court, tribunal or governmental authority would be paid to Unique Logistics up to the 
 million amount of the reserve. If no such claims
were made then the entire million
reserve, or the amount left, if any, after deducting such settlement or liability amounts, would be released to ULHK. The Company and
ULHK are currently working on amendment to this agreement that is expected to be completed in the first
quarter of 2025 fiscal year. 

Purchase
Price Allocation 

The
Company obtained full control of five subsidiaries during the acquisition identified above and consolidated these subsidiaries as of
the acquisition date. GAAP requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling
interest in the acquirer at the acquisition date, measured at their fair values as of that date. The acquisition method of accounting
requires extensive use of estimates and judgments to allocate the considerations transferred to the identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

- 

Current Assets 
 
 - 

Equity in net assets of affiliated companies 
 
 - 

Identifiable intangible assets 
 
 - 

Other noncurrent assets 
 
 - 

Total Assets 
 
 - 

Liabilities Assumed: 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Less noncontrolling interest 
 
 - 

Goodwill 

Purchase Price 
 
 - 

The
total amount of goodwill recognized during the initial transaction was recorded on the balance sheet. Subsequently, goodwill
was adjusted for the impact of deferred income tax liability related to the acquisitions and accounted for it as a measurement period
adjustment in the amount of . The goodwill acquired is primarily attributable to the workforce retained of the acquired businesses
and synergies expected to arise after the Company s acquisition of the above operating subsidiaries. The measurement period arose
from the adoption of a policy at the time of the acquisition to currently remit a portion of the earnings and profits of the acquired
subsidiaries and recognition of the related income tax liabilities. 

The
Company paid approximately million of closing costs for legal, accounting, and other professional fees that were expensed during
the year ended May 31, 2023. 

years 
 
 Non-compete agreements 

year 

Amortization
of these acquired intangibles is included in Note 5, Intangible Assets. 

Equity
Method Investments 

Noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Net assets of the equity investee 

Equity attributable to non-controlling interest 

Total equity method investment attributable to registrant 

Pro
Forma Information (Unaudited) 

The
results of operations of eight entities that the Company acquired on February 21, 2023, have been included in our May 31, 2023, consolidated
financial statements as follows: 7 days of these entities operations in February 2023, and two full months ended March 31 and April 30,
2023, based on the Company s decision to include earnings from consolidated subsidiaries and equity method investments on a one-month
lag basis. 

The
following unaudited pro forma financial information represents a summary of the consolidated results of operations for the years ended
May 31, 2023, assuming the acquisitions had been completed as of June 1, 2022, the first day of the period presented. The proforma adjustments
include the elimination of intercompany revenue and expense transactions. The pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative
of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had been effective as of these dates, or of future results. 

Net Income attributable to registrant 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, basic 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, diluted 

Net income per share, basic 

Net income per share, diluted 
 - 

For
the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company s consolidated financial statements include the full year operating results of the acquired
entities. 

million initially and adjusted to 
million for the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company also recognized an impairment charge for the previously deferred uplist costs
in the amount of 
million as reflected on the statement of operations. 

Amendment
to the financing agreement and a waiver 

As previously disclosed, on March 10, 2023, the Company entered into a financing agreement (the Agreement as
borrower with certain of its subsidiaries party thereto as guarantors (collectively, the Borrowers ), the lenders party
thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), CB Agent Services LLC, as origination agent, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as
collateral agent and administrative agent (together with CB Agents, the Agents (collectively, the
 Parties ), for an initial senior secured term loan in a principal amount of 
and a delayed draft term loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to . 

Effective
March 1, 2024, the Parties entered into a waiver and amendment no. 2 to financing agreement (the Second Waiver (Subsequent Event Note 9), whereby the Agents and the Lenders agreed to waive (i) (a) that certain event of default that has
occurred or may occur, due to the borrower s noncompliance with Section 7.03(a) of the Agreement for each of the fiscal
quarters in the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024 and for the fiscal quarter ending August 31, 2024 (the FCCR Event of
Default ), (b) that certain Event of Default that has occurred or may occur, due to the Loan Parties noncompliance with
Section 7.03(b) of the Agreement for each of the fiscal quarters in the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024 and for the fiscal quarter
ending August 31, 2024 (the Liquidity Event of Default and (c) that certain Event of Default that has occurred or may
occur, due to the Loan Parties noncompliance with Section 7.03(c) of the Agreement for each of the fiscal quarters in the
fiscal year ending May 31, 2024 and for the fiscal quarter ending August 31, 2024 (the EBITDA Leverage Event of
Default and, together with the FCCR Event of Default and the Liquidity Event of Default, the Specified Events of
Default ). Each of the Specified Events of Default constitute an Event of Default under Section 9.01(c) of the Agreement; and
(ii) interest at the post-default rate with respect to the Specified Events of Default from the date such event occurred through the
Second Waiver effective date. 

In
addition, pursuant to the Second Waiver, the borrowers agreed to (i) pay the administrative agent a non-refundable Waiver Fee in an
aggregate amount of 
(Note 9), which was deemed fully earned on the effective date of the Second Waiver, and (ii) issue the origination agent or its designee warrants, in
form and substance satisfactory to the origination agent, entitling the holder thereof to purchase a number of shares of the
Company s common stock equal to the greater of (a) 
of enterprise value as calculated in a manner to be mutually agreed and acceptable to the origination agent and the Company on a
fully diluted basis and (b) ,
on terms, conditions and in a form reasonably acceptable to origination agent, and having an exercise price of 
per share. 

The
anti-dilution provisions applicable to the warrants shall at no time be less favorable to the holder thereof than those accorded by the
parent to any other person on or after the effective date. The warrants shall be exercisable for a period of years. This contract
did not meet qualification requirements to be classified as equity because there is no explicit limit on the number of shares to be delivered
in a share settlement. Accordingly, the warrants were classified as a liability as the issuer is obligated to settle the warrant by issuing
a variable number of shares and the monetary value of the obligation based on a predetermined fixed amount, variation in something other
than the issuers stock price, in this case the amount is the enterprise value of the Company at the time of the future financing event.
As the warrants were not yet issued on the balance sheet date, these expected warrants were recorded as other long-term liability with
an estimated fair market value of as of May 31, 2024. 

Due
to the unique nature of these warrants, which the Company anticipates will have an effective date of September 1, 2024, a Monte Carlo
simulation was necessary in order to properly perform the valuation. Monte Carlo simulation analysis is mathematically similar to that
used in a Black-Scholes option pricing model. However, in a Monte Carlo simulation, a computer is used to generate random price movements,
which are constrained by the expected volatility of the underlying security. Where each step in a binomial model contains two possible
outcomes, each step in a Monte Carlo simulation contains an unlimited number of potential outcomes. For the fair value of the warrants
to be issued, a simulation using a risk neutral drift factor, the risk-free rate, was used. 

Probability
 of financing event next 2 years 

Probability
 of financing event years 2 through 7.5 

Probability
 of financing event 

Volatility: 

Expected
Warrants 

Change in fair value 
 - 
 - 

Other long-term liabilities as May 31, 2024 
 - 
 - 

Computer equipment 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

Motor Vehicles 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense charged to income for the years ended May 31, 2024 and May 31, 2023 amounted to and . 

Acquired
 through business combination 

Ending
 balance May 31, 2023 

Beginning balance June 1, 2023 

Acquired through business combination 
 - 
 
 Ending balance May 31, 2024 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Intangible assets, gross 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortizable
intangible assets, including tradenames and non-compete agreements, are amortized on a straight-line basis over to years. Customer
relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis over to years. For the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, amortization expense
related to the intangible assets was and , respectively. As of May 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining useful
lives of these assets were years. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Net income share of the Company 

Dividends received 

Equity investment carrying amount at May 31, 2023 

Equity investment carrying amount at May 31, 2023 

Equity investment carrying amount 

Net income share of the Company 

Dividends received 

Equity investment carrying amount at May 31, 2024 

Equity investment carrying amount 

Noncurrent
 assets 

Current
 liabilities 

Equity 

For the year 
 ended 
May 31, 2024 
 For the period 
 ended 
May 31, 2023 

Net Revenue 

Gross Profit 

(Loss) income from operations 

Net Income 

Accrued salaries and related expenses 

Accrued interest 

Accrued refunds 

Accrued sales and marketing expense 

Accrued income tax 

Accrued overdraft liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 

Accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities 

Notes Payable 

Notes payable, gross 

Less: Current portion 

Long term, notes payable 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

The
Company has a Revolving Purchase, Loan and Security Agreement (the TBK Agreement with TBK Bank, SSB, a Texas State Savings
Bank. The TBK Agreement provides for the Company to have access to the lesser of (i) million and
(ii) the Formula Amount (as defined in the TBK Agreement). The facility is for an initial term of 24 months and may be extended or renewed, unless terminated in accordance with the TBK Agreement and is currently scheduled to mature on with interest rate based on Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus . 

On
August 29, 2024, the Company entered into a waiver to the loan and security agreement with TBK Bank, SSB where the bank agreed to waive
a specified event of default for the year and the quarter ended May 31, 2024. On September 4, 2024 the Company entered into an amendment
to the loan agreement for a temporary increase in the available credit limit from million to million through March 4, 2025.
All other terms of the agreement remain the same. 

Notes
Payable 

On
March 10, 2023, the Company entered into a financing agreement and related fee letter (the Financing Agreement as borrower
with certain of its subsidiaries party thereto as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, CB Agent Services LLC, as origination agent,
and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent, and administrative agent. The Financing Agreement provides for an initial senior secured
term loan in a principal amount of and a delayed draft term loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to . On
June 30, 2023, the Company borrowed on the delayed draft term loan amount of with interest rate based on 3 months SOFR Rate
Loans. The initial term loan and delayed drafts term loans are due on March 10, 2026 (collectively Term Debt ). 

The
outstanding principal amount of (i) the initial term loan shall be repayable 

Effective
March 1, 2024, the Parties entered into the Second Waiver whereby
the Agents and the Lenders agreed to waive (i) the Specified Events of Default, each of which constitute an event of default under Section 9.01(c) of the Financing Agreement, and (ii) interest at the
post-default rate with respect to the Specified Events of Default from the date such event occurred through the Second Waiver effective
date. (See Note 3: SPAC Merger Termination). 

As
part of the Second Waiver the borrowers also agreed to pay the administrative agent a non-refundable waiver fee in an aggregate amount
of . This waiver fee shall be considered to be part of the Term Loan under the Financing Agreement 

As
of May 31, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding principal amount of the initial secured term loan was and , respectively. 

As
of May 31, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding principal amount of the delayed draft secured term loan was and , respectively. 

As
of May 31, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding principal amount of the non-refundable waiver fee was and , respectively. 

Due to ULHK (2) 

Total Due to related party transaction 

Less: current portion 
 - 

Non
 portion 

(1) 

The
 Promissory Note dated March 30, 2021 in the principal amount bears no interest provided that any amount due under this Note
 which is not paid when due shall bear interest at an interest rate equal to per annum. The principal amount is due
 and payable in six payments of . The first payment was due on November 30, 2021, with each succeeding payment to be made
 six months after the preceding payment. This note matured and was paid off on May 31, 2024. 
 
 Promissory
 Note dated February 21, 2023, in connection with the acquisitions (see Note 2) in the principal amount of for the remaining 
 share capital of Unique Logistics International (India) Private Ltd. acquired by the Company from FTS maturing 
 and bearing no interest. This note was subsequently amended to extend its maturity date to and is classified as long
 term debt. 

(2) 
 investment in the Company. 
 
 As
 discussed in Note 2, on February 21, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of eight ULHK operating subsidiaries, in a combination
 of cash and promissory notes issued to ULHK. As of May 31, 2023 and 2024, some of these notes were paid off, with others amended
 for the due date or refinanced (See Note 9). 
 
 The
 following notes were outstanding and classified as non-current as of May 31, 2024: 
 
 Promissory
 Note 4 in the principal amount of issued on February 21, 2023 and scheduled to mature on and bear no
 interest. This note was amended on March 6, 2024, extending maturity date to and increasing principal amount of the
 note to . 
 
 Promissory
 Note 7 in the principal amount of 
 issued on February 21, 2023 with a due date of , bearing no interest and payable on the earliest of (a) July 15, 2023, provided that the Vietnam Approvals) have
 been received by the Initial Vietnam Maturity Date; or (b) in the event that the Vietnam Approvals have not been received by the
 Initial Vietnam Maturity Date, payment under this promissory note will be due and payable within 15 days of receipt of the
 Vietnam Approvals. The Vietnam Approvals are yet to be obtained. 
 
 In
 accordance with Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement, 
 million of the cash portion of the purchase price was used to establish a reserve against certain potential existing and contingent
 liabilities relating to certain of the ULHK Entities that had not been disclosed to the Company as of the date of the original Stock
 Purchase Agreement. To the extent that any claims related to such undisclosed liabilities are asserted on or before February 20,
 2024, any amounts that the relevant ULHK Entities pay upon settlement or are found liable for by a competent court, tribunal or
 governmental authority will be paid to Unique Logistics up to the 
 million amount of the reserve. If no such claims are made then the entire 
 million reserve, or the amount left, if any, after deducting such settlement or liability amounts, will be released to ULHK. The
 Company and ULHK are still in the process of evaluating the impact of potential tax issues in Unique-Vietnam and any potential
 liabilities resulting therefrom that the Company would be responsible for and that would be reimbursable pursuant to the reserve.
 The potential tax exposure is currently captured as an uncertain tax position (UTP) and non-current liability of the entity (Note 14
 Income taxes) and the amount of Promissory Note 7 is recorded at the original principal plus estimated reserve reimbursement to
 ULHK, for a total of .
 The Company and ULHK are currently working on amendment to this agreement that is expected to be completed in the first quarter of
 the 2025 fiscal year ending May 31, 2025. 
 
 Promissory
 Note 10 in the principal amount of issued on February 21, 2023, and originally due on , and bearing no interest.
 This Promissory Note was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA. This note was amended on
 March 5, 2024, extending maturity date to . The outstanding amount on this Note is . 
 
 As
 previously reported, on February 21, 2023, the Company issued to ULHK three promissory notes related to the acquisitions of certain ULHK Entities by the Company, as amended, with the following original
 principal amounts: (i) (the Net Assets Note ), (ii) (the Second Net Assets Note ),
 (iii) (the Taiwan Note ), and (iv) , respectively. 
 
 On
 October 3, 2023, the Company and ULHK agreed to cancel, replace and supersede the Net Assets Note and the Taiwan Note, each in their
 entirety, in favor of a newly issued promissory note as of the same date Note 9 ). Note 9 includes the remaining balances
 of the Net Assets Note and the Taiwan Note, along with an additional loan in the principal amount of for an aggregate
 principal amount of . Note 9 matures on , and has an interest rate of per annum. 
 
 On
 October 9, 2023, the Company amended the Second Net Assets Note (the Amended Second Net Assets Note ), which extended
 the maturity date thereof from February 21, 2024, to . The Amended Second Net Assets Note includes simple interest
 accruing at a rate of per annum starting February 21, 2024, until such time as the principal amount is paid
 in full. 
 
 On
 March 5, 2024, the Company and ULHK agreed to cancel, replace and supersede Note 9, in its entirety, in favor of (i) a promissory
 note in the aggregate principal amount of Note 11 and (ii) a promissory note in the aggregate principal
 amount of Note 12 ). 
 
 Note
 11 has an outstanding balance of and matures on , with an interest rate of per annum, payable to ULHK
 in quarterly installments. Note 12 has an outstanding balance of and matures on , with an interest rate of
 per annum. 

The
following notes were outstanding and classified as current as of May 31, 2023: 

Promissory
 Note 8 in the principal amount of 
 originally due on , having an interest rate of .
 This Promissory Note was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA. Subsequently this note was
 adjusted to reflect Net Asset Adjustments related to the entities acquired and the maturity date was extended to October 31, 2023.
 As of May 31, 2023, the face value of the note approximated its fair value at 
 and interest was accrued accordingly. Subsequently amended and extended. 

Promissory
 Note 9 in the principal amount of due on , and bearing no interest. This Promissory Note was issued in
 respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA. Subsequently amended and extended 

The
following notes are classified as noncurrent as of May 31, 2023: 

Promissory
 Note 3 in the principal amount of , which matures , having an interest rate of . This note was partially
 paid off with the principle amount remaining as of May 31, 2023 of . This note was fully repaid on June 30, 2023, with
 the proceeds from the Term Debt, that is classified as noncurrent. 

Promissory
 Note 4 in the principal amount of , which matures , and bear no interest. 

Promissory
 Note 6 in the principal amount of 
 due , bearing no interest and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided that the Taiwan Approvals have been received by the
 Initial Taiwan Maturity Date; or (b) in the event that the Taiwan Approvals have not been received by the Initial Taiwan Maturity
 Date, payment under this promissory note will be due and payable within 15 days of receipt of the Taiwan Approvals. This
 promissory note was issued in lieu of cash otherwise due under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased Shares of
 Unique-Taiwan. The Company received the required approvals with respect to Unique-Taiwan on June 1, 2023, and the Company and ULHK
 entered into an amended and restated promissory note with respect to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Taiwan on August 31, 2023, to
 extend its maturity date to July 31, 2024 and to provide for interest to be accrued at an annual rate of 15 . 

Promissory
 Note 7 in the principal amount of 
 due , bearing no interest and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided that the Vietnam Approvals have been received by
 the Initial Vietnam Maturity Date; or (b) in the event that the Vietnam Approvals have not been received by the Initial Vietnam
 Maturity Date, payment under this promissory note will be due and payable within 15 days of receipt of the Vietnam
 Approvals. This promissory note was issued in lieu of cash otherwise due under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased
 Shares of Unique-Vietnam. The Vietnam Approvals are yet to be obtained. Subsequent to May 31, 2023, the Company and ULHK entered
 into an amendment to the promissory note with respect to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Vietnam that extended the maturity date of
 that note, although as we have not received the required approvals with respect to Unique-Vietnam this note has not yet become
 payable. 

Accounting
Services 

David
Briones, one of the Company s directors, is the managing member and sole owner of the Brio Financial Group, a financial consulting
firm that the Company uses from time to time. Brio Financial Group billed the Company and , respectively, for such services during the
year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Accounts
Receivable and Payable 

Transactions
with related parties account for 
 million and 
 million, respectively, of accounts receivable
and accounts payable as of May 31, 2024, compared to 
 million and 
 million, respectively, of accounts receivable
and accounts payable as of May 31, 2023. 

Revenue
and Expenses 

Revenue
from related party transactions is for export services from related parties or for delivery at place imports nominated by such related
parties. For the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 these transactions represented approximately million and million, respectively. 

Direct
costs are services billed to the Company by related parties for shipping activities. For the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 these transactions
represented approximately million and million, respectively. 

. The Company recorded expense of
approximately million, respectively, for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

shares of stock, par value of per share. 

As
of May 31, 2024 and 2023, there were shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 there were common stock issuances except for the conversions of Preferred Shares Series A and
D as described below. 

Preferred
Shares 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

Series
A Convertible Preferred 

The
holders of Series A Preferred. subject to the rights of holders of shares of the Company s Series B Preferred which shares will
be pari passu with Series B Preferred in terms of liquidation preference and dividend rights and are subject to an anti-dilution provision,
making the holders subject to an adjustment necessary to maintain their agreed upon fully diluted ownership percentage. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the stockholders of record of
shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, at their option, immediately prior and in preference to any distribution to
the holders of the Company s common stock, par value per share and other junior securities, a liquidation preference equal
to the stated value per share. 

During
the year ended May 31, 2023, a shareholder converted shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the
Company s common stock. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred 

The
holders of Series B Preferred, subject to the rights of holders of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock which shares
will be pari passu with the Series B Preferred in terms of liquidation preference and dividend rights, shall be entitled to receive,
at their option, immediately prior an in preference to any distribution to the holders of the Company s common stock. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the stockholders of record of
shares of Series B Preferred shall be entitled to receive, at their option, immediately prior and in preference to any distribution to
the holders of the Company s common stock, par value per share and other junior securities, a liquidation preference equal
to the stated value per share. 

During
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 there were no conversions of Series B Preferred Shares. 

Series
C D Convertible Preferred 

The
holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the amount of
cash, securities, or other property to which such holder would be entitled to receive with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock
if such shares had been converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation. 

During
the year ended May 31, 2023, a shareholder converted shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s
common stock. 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total net lease cost 

Current operating lease liabilities, included in current liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities, included in long-term liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The
operating lease right of use asset and corresponding lease liabilities and the associated amortization of the right of use assets was
significantly impacted by the addition of acquired subsidiaries on February 21, 2023. During the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, the
Company cash lease payments were million and million, respectively. 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): 

Operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease obligations 

Foreign 

Pretax income 

State 

Foreign 

Total 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total 

Total tax expense 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Impact of debt exchange 

Dividends received deduction 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign income taxes and adjustments 

FDII deduction 
 - 

Withholding taxes 

Other 

Effective Income Tax Rate 

Fair value of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition costs 

Interest expense (163j Limitation) 

Lease liability 

Other 

Net operating losses 

Total deferred tax assets, gross 

Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Dividends received 
 - 

Accrued withholding tax 

Goodwill and intangibles 

Fixed assets 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods in which temporary
differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Accordingly, based on the current evidence the net DTA is more likely than not realizable as of May 31, 2024. 

As
of May 31, 2024, we have U.S. federal NOLs of million available to offset future taxable income, all of which
can be carried forward indefinitely. As of May 31, 2023, there we no U.S. federal NOLs. 

As
of May 31, 2024, and 2023, we had state NOLs of and million, respectively, which begin expiring in 2035. 

As
of May 31, 2024, and 2023, we had foreign NOLs of million and , respectively, which begin expiring in 2029. 

- 

Decrease
 in valuation allowance 

- 

- 

Total
 Valuation Allowance balance on May 31 

- 

- 
 
 Additions based on tax provisions related to the current year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years 
 - 

Reductions for tax positions of prior years 
 - 
 - 
 
 Settlements 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations 
 - 
 - 

Total UTP balance on May 31 

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
enterprise s financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and
disclose uncertain positions that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a
tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are
referred to as unrecognized benefits. A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or
amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise s potential future
obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.
Interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax positions are required to be calculated and would be classified as tax
expense in the statement of operations. Interest expense in the amount of 
million has been recorded related to the unrecognized tax positions for the period ended May 31, 2024 and none for the period ended
May 31, 2023. These reserves would impact income tax expense if released into income. The Company does not expect a change to
its unrealized tax positions in the next twelve months. 

We
file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and various international jurisdictions. Tax years
2020 and forward generally remain open for examination for federal and state tax purposes. Tax years 2017 and forward generally remain
open for examination for foreign tax purposes. To the extent utilized in future years tax returns, NOLs as of May 31, 2024
and 2023 will remain subject to examination until the respective tax year is closed. 

to ULHK, including the Company s assumption of of indebtedness
owed to ULHK by Unique Singapore and in cash. The Company issued to ULHK a promissory note in the principal amount of 
upon closing of the acquisition and the parties are negotiating with respect to the Company s issuance of a second promissory note
to ULHK to cover the additional portion of the purchase price. The principal amount under the promissory note is due in full
on August 1, 2026, with interest accruing at an annual rate of ,
payable semi-annually. 

Line of credit waiver of financial covenant
and loan agreement amendment 

On August 29, 2024, the Company entered into a
waiver to the loan and security agreement with TBK Bank, SSB where the bank agreed to waive a specified event of default for the year
and the quarter ended May 31, 2024. On September 4, 2024 the Company entered into an amendment to the loan agreement for a temporary
increase in the available credit limit from million to million through March 4, 2025. This loan is scheduled to mature on
June 1, 2025. All other terms of the agreement remain the same. 

Amendment
to Promissory Notes 

As
previously announced, on February 21, 2023, as part of the acquisition, the Company issued to ULHL promissory notes, as amended, with
the following original principal amounts: (i) (the Second Net Assets Note ), (ii) (the Original
Seller Note ), and (iii) (the ULHL Note ), respectively. Further, on March 5, 2024, the Company
issued ULHL (i) a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of Note 11 and (ii) a promissory
note in the aggregate principal amount of Note 12 ). 

On
October 7, 2024, the Company and ULHL amended the Second Net Assets Note, the Original Seller Note, Note 11 and Note 12, and ULHL Note
to extend the maturity dates on each of these promissory notes from . 

On
February 21, 2023, as part of the acquisition, the Company entered into a related-party transaction with Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. FTS ). FTS is owned by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Pursuant to the FTS Purchase Agreement, the Company
issued a promissory note to FTS in the principal amount of , bearing no interest with a maturity date of (the
 FTS Promissory Note ). 

The
Company and FTS amended the FTS Promissory Note to extend the maturity date from . 

F- 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Sunandan Ray, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Unique Logistics International, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 17, 2024 

/s/
 Sunandan Ray 

Sunandan
 Ray 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Eli Kay, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Unique Logistics International, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 17, 2024 

/s/
 Eli Kay 

Eli
 Kay 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Unique Logistics International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sunandan Ray, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Sunandan Ray 

Sunandan
 Ray 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

October 17, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Unique Logistics International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period
ended May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eli Kay,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Eli Kay 

Eli
 Kay 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

October 17, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 unql-20240531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 unql-20240531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 unql-20240531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 unql-20240531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

