<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-K_edgar_data_1041803_0001041803-24-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15383855</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>486225</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2515100</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5899759</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3248482</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2913254</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001041803-24-000044.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030160449
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001041803-24-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRICESMART INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001041803
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				330628530
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22793
		FILM NUMBER:		241410243

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9740 SCRANTON ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8584048800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9740 SCRANTON ROAD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001041803-24-000044.txt : 20241030

10-K
 1
 psmt-20240831.htm
 10-K

psmt-20240831 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financials statements 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was based on the last reported sale price of 84.14 per share on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on February 29, 2024. 
 As of October 25, 2024, shares of Common Stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR 
 THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 22 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 27 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 59 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 59 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 
 Item 11 . 
 Executive Compensation 
 59 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 60 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 61 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 64 
 Signatures 
 66 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements concerning PriceSmart, Inc.'s ("PriceSmart", the "Company", "we" or "our") anticipated future revenues and earnings, adequacy of future cash flows, omni-channel initiatives, proposed warehouse club openings, the Company's performance relative to competitors and related matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements containing the words expect, believe, will, may, should, project, estimate, anticipated, scheduled, intend, and like expressions, and the negative thereof. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially including, but not limited to the risks detailed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law. In addition, these risks are not the only risks that the Company faces. The Company could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating globally and in the U.S., as well as other risks that are not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently considers to be immaterial. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 PriceSmart was founded in 1996 by Sol and Robert Price, the creators of Price Club, the original warehouse club operator. The mission of PriceSmart is to operate its warehouse club business in Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia at operating standards as good as, or superior to, warehouse club operations in the United States. 
 As of August 31, 2024 , we had 54 warehouse clubs in operation in Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. We believe PriceSmart has become one of the most respected and trusted brands in the region. With nearly two million membership accounts and almost four million cardholders, we believe PriceSmart is an essential part of the shopping experience for consumers and small businesses in PriceSmart s markets. 
 PriceSmart sources slightly more than half its merchandise from suppliers within the region, with the balance of merchandise sourced throughout the rest of the world. Product selection includes basic consumable merchandise for consumers and businesses, Member s Selection private label merchandise and unique consumable and non-consumable products that are often not otherwise available in our markets. 
 PriceSmart continually focuses on innovation. In recent years, PriceSmart has added optical, audiology, and pharmacy services in many of its locations. PriceSmart provides online shopping to our Members and offers both home delivery and curbside pickup. PriceSmart is making significant investments in technology to both improve the online shopping experience for its Members and to enhance operating efficiencies in its supply chain and the back office. 
 PriceSmart seeks to provide the best working conditions possible for our almost 12,000 employees. We seek to provide safe and pleasant working environments for our employees, along with excellent pay and benefits, including healthcare and retirement benefits. 
 
 PriceSmart is committed to improving the quality of life for people living in the communities in which it does business. In partnership with Price Philanthropies Foundation, PriceSmart provides school supplies to approximately 150,000 children, and eye exams to thousands of children through its Aprender y Crecer program. In addition, the newly created PriceSmart Foundation makes grants to support work force development, small business entrepreneurship and to improve the environment. 
 We believe that operating our business at the highest standards, providing outstanding jobs for our employees and being good stewards of the communities in which we operate result in PriceSmart being a good investment for our stockholders. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The number of warehouse clubs for each country or territory were as follows : 
 Country/Territory Number of 
 Warehouse Clubs 
 in Operation as of August 31, 2023 
 Number of 
 Warehouse Clubs 
 in Operation as of August 31, 2024 
 Anticipated Warehouse Club Openings in Fiscal Year 2025 
 Colombia 9 10 Costa Rica 8 8 1 Panama 7 7 Guatemala 5 6 1 Dominican Republic 5 5 Trinidad 4 4 El Salvador 3 4 Honduras 3 3 Nicaragua 2 2 Jamaica 2 2 Aruba 1 1 Barbados 1 1 U.S. Virgin Islands 1 1 Totals 51 54 2 
 Our warehouse clubs, one regional distribution center and several smaller local distribution centers are located in Latin America and the Caribbean, and our corporate headquarters, U.S. buying operations and our larger regional distribution center are located i n the United States. Our operating segments are the United States, Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. 
 We have purchased land and plan to open our ninth warehouse club in Costa Rica, located in Cartago, approximately 10 miles east from the nearest club in the capital of San Jose. The club will be built on a six-acre property and is anticipated to open in the spring of 2025. Additionally, we expect to formalize a land lease in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 and build our seventh warehouse club in Guatemala, located in Quetzaltenango, approximately 122 miles west from the nearest club in the capital of Guatemala City. This club will be built on a four-acre property and is anticipated to open in the summer of 2025. Once these two new clubs are open, we will operate 56 warehouse clubs in total. 
 We also historically exported products to a retailer in the Philippines, but effective August 31, 2024, our business relationship with that retailer ceased, except for some outstanding merchandise orders to be fulfilled in fiscal year 2025. However, we are exploring expansion of our export business in other markets and recently began exporting to a retailer in the Bahamas. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Merchandising 
 A fundamental part of our value proposition is making available to our retail and business Members a selection of high-quality merchandise and services sourced within our region and from around the world, at lower prices than our competitors. 
 We offer merchandise and services in the following categories: 
 Consumables, consisting primarily of groceries, cleaning supplies, and health and beauty aids, representing approximately 49 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Fresh Foods, including meat, produce, deli, seafood and poultry, representing approximately 30 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Hardlines, including electronics, large and small appliances, automotive, hardware, sporting goods, and seasonal products, representing approximately 11 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Softlines, including clothing, domestics and home furnishing products, representing approximately 5 of our net merchandise sales; 
 Food Service and Bakery, representing approximately 4 of our net merchandise sales; and 
 Health Services, including optical, audiology and pharmacy, representing approximately 1 of our net merchandise sales. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Low Operating Costs . Our club format is designed to move merchandise from suppliers to PriceSmart Members at a lower expense ratio than our competitors. We strive to achieve efficiencies in product distribution by minimizing the labor required to stock and display merchandise, limiting non-payroll operating expenses and maintaining low occupancy costs. For example, we offer a limited number of stock keeping units (SKUs) with large pack sizes, which allows us to keep shelves stocked with less labor cost than competitors that offer a greater number of SKUs. More recently, we also have opened distribution centers in certain of our high-volume markets to improve efficiency and in-stock rate, reduce lead times on high volume products, and mitigate risks of supply chain disruption. Our focus on lowering operating costs supports better value and lower prices for our Members, which we believe helps generate Member loyalty and renewals, which in turn leads to increased sales. 
 Membership. Our membership provides a competitive advantage. Membership targets a desirable demographic with strong purchasing power. Data we can access about our Members not only provides better connectivity with our Members, but also enables us to identify and pursue additional opportunities to provide value for our Members. Membership has been a basic operating characteristic in the warehouse club industry, beginning over 48 years ago at Price Club, the first membership warehouse club business. We believe membership promotes Member loyalty, and membership fees contribute to our ability to operate our business on lower margins than conventional retailers and wholesalers. Membership fees were equal to approximately 1.6 of net merchandise sales and 34.1 of operating income in fiscal year 2024. Our Members can sign up for and renew their memberships online, which gives us another valuable digital touch point with them. 
 We continue to expand our product and services offerings to our Members. One of our primary initiatives is the expansion of our wellness services, which include our optical, pharmacy and audiology departments. As of August 31, 2024, we had 53 optical locations, 14 pharmacies and 29 audiology locations open. We expect to continue the rollout of audiology in fiscal year 2025. In addition, we expect to have pharmacies in substantially all clubs in Costa Rica, Panama and Guatemala by the end of fiscal year 2025. We believe that untapped opportunities exist to enhance the value of our membership further in various areas. We continue to explore opportunities to provide our Members with products and services that are particularly attractive to our unique membership base. 
 Business Members. Our product selection, larger pack sizes, and low prices appeal to both business and retail consumers. Business Members include a broad cross section of businesses such as restaurants, institutions, and other businesses that purchase products for resale and supplies used in their businesses. These business Members represent a significant source of sales and profit and provide purchasing volume that gives us better prices from our suppliers. 
 Worldwide Sourcing. Approximately 49 of our sales come from merchandise sourced in the U.S., Asia and Europe. One of the primary advantages we have compared to most of our local competitors is our United States-based buying team that sources merchandise from suppliers in the U.S. and around the world. Our buyers identify and purchase new and exciting items, including our own Member s Selection private label products. Many of these products are available only at PriceSmart in the markets in which we operate. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Innovation. The warehouse club industry has been operating for almost 50 years, following the founding of Price Club in 1976. The world of merchandising has evolved during this period, particularly with respect to how technology impacts operational efficiencies and how consumers shop. We are leveraging technological innovations we have developed to enhance our worldwide sourcing of products and make these products available in our countries in a manner that meets current consumer preferences. We operate in multiple markets, many of which are relatively small, with different legal requirements, local buying opportunities, cultural norms, distribution and logistical challenges and Member preferences that require us to source the correct mix of local and imported merchandise. We believe that our future success is highly dependent on our capacity to continue to adapt and innovate to meet the needs of our current and future Members. We also have developed better inbound and outbound online communication channels, and we are using data analytics to better understand our Members evolving preferences. 
 Experienced Management Team. Robert E. Price has served as PriceSmart's Interim Chief Executive Officer since February 2023 and has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since its spin-off from Price Enterprises, Inc. in 1997. He served as Executive Chairman from October 2018 to February 2020. Mr. Price has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company at various times during the Company s history, including as Chief Executive Officer from April 2006 until July 2010. Mr. Price was a founder of The Price Company, which operated the Price Club, and served as its Chief Executive Officer and a member of its board of directors from the time of The Price Company s founding in 1976. 
 John D. Hildebrandt became our Chief Operating Officer in May 2022 and our President in December 2022. He previously served as the Company s Executive Vice President Operations since February 2010. Before that office, Mr. Hildebrandt held various management positions with the Company dating back to 1997. Mr. Hildebrandt was a Senior Operations Manager of Price/Costco from 1994 through 1996 and served in various management roles for The Price Company beginning in 1979. 
 Michael L. McCleary is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McCleary joined the Company in 2003 and has over 30 years of international finance, tax and accounting experience. 
 David N. Price was elected as a director of the Company in February 2022. He has been with the Company since July 2017 and was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer in July 2023. Mr. Price leads several important areas, including Information Technology, PriceSmart.com, and Payment Solutions and Services. Prior to his current role, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff to the Chairman of the Board and the Company's Interim Chief Executive Officer, Robert Price, from December 2022 to July 2023. Between August 2021 and December 2022, Mr. Price served as Vice President for Environmental and Social Responsibility. Before that, he was Vice President for Omnichannel Initiatives and Environmental and Social Responsibility. From August 2018 to August 2020, Mr. Price worked as a Director in our E-Commerce division. He holds a Master's degree in International Affairs from the University of California San Diego and a Bachelor of Science from the University of Southern California. 
 Francisco Velasco has been Executive Vice President - Chief Legal Officer, Registered In-House Counsel, Chief Risk Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company since May 2024. He served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Ethics Compliance Officer and Secretary of the Company from October 2016 to May 2024. Prior to joining PriceSmart, Mr. Velasco served as Division Counsel Latin America for AbbVie Inc., a publicly traded global biopharmaceutical company, and he held in-house legal roles at Abbott Laboratories, Hanes Brands Inc. and Sara Lee Corporation. He began his career in private practice specializing in the Latin America region. 
 In addition to these executives, many other members of our management team have extensive career experience in the warehouse club business, including some who learned the warehouse club business from their time at Price Club. Their experience and knowledge represent a key strength and competitive advantage for our Company. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Growth 
 As we look to the future, our Company is focused on three major drivers of growth: 
 Invest in Remodeling Current PriceSmart Clubs, Adding New PriceSmart Locations and Opening More Distribution Centers 
 Increase Membership Value 
 Drive Incremental Sales via PriceSmart.com and Enhanced Online, Digital and Technological Capabilities 
 I. Invest in Remodeling Current PriceSmart Clubs, Adding New PriceSmart Locations and Opening More Distribution Centers. We believe that one of the quickest and most effective ways to increase sales and profitability is to increase the size and efficiency of our existing warehouse clubs and the number of parking spaces at our high-volume locations. For instance, we are currently remodeling our clubs in San Pedro Sula, Honduras and Santiago, Dominican Republic. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, we completed the remodel of our warehouse in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago and the expansion of our warehouse club in Liberia, Costa Rica. We are also currently expanding our clubs in San Salvador, El Salvador and Portmore, Jamaica. During fiscal year 2024, we entered into a lease agreement to relocate and extend the lease term for our Miraflores club, which is our highest selling location in Guatemala. The new warehouse will have increased sales floor square footage and a greater number of parking spaces, along with covered parking for our Members. We also completed the purchase of the land and building for our Via Brasil club in Panama, which we previously leased. The Via Brasil club had the highest sales volume in our Panama market during fiscal year 2024. We continue to pursue opportunities to add new warehouse clubs in our existing markets and to assess opportunities in new markets. We have plans to open a new warehouse club in Cartago, near the capital of San Jose, in Costa Rica, in the spring of 2025. Additionally, we expect to formalize a land lease in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 and build our seventh warehouse club in Guatemala, in the city of Quetzaltenango, in the summer of 2025. We are enhancing our distribution and logistics network through the opening of distribution centers in China and in each of our multi-club markets, either operated by PriceSmart or through the use of third-party logistics providers. We expect to reduce landed costs and lead times (via direct shipments from Asia to our local markets) and improve our working capital. In addition to our regional distribution center in Costa Rica, we have PriceSmart-operated distribution centers in various stages of development and implementation in markets such as Panama, Guatemala, and Trinidad. 
 II. Increase Membership Value. We are seeking to attract more Members and retain our current Members by expanding the benefits of being a Member of PriceSmart. As benefits grow and the value of being a PriceSmart Member increases, adjustments to the membership fee may be warranted. We increased this fee by 5 in all but one market on a staggered basis in fiscal year 2024. A larger membership base and higher membership fee contribute to the bottom line of the business or can be reinvested in providing better pricing to our Members. We focus on growth of our membership base, Member renewal rates and spend per Member as part of determining how Members see our value. By adding more benefits that Members can only obtain with us, we believe we can achieve growth in the number of Members, which drives Membership income and Net merchandise sales. Recent examples of enhancements we have made to the value of membership include: providing the ability for all of our Members to transact on PriceSmart.com; pickup and delivery service in our clubs; and the implementation and expansion of our Well-being initiative, which offers optical services with free eye exams for our Members and additional members of their families and lower prices on discounted eyeglass frames, audiology services with free hearing exams and deeply discounted hearing aids, and, in some of our markets, pharmacies. Another way we enhance Membership value is by offering private label merchandise under the Member s Selection brand, which is available only to PriceSmart Members. We believe the Member s Selection brand carries goodwill and is recognized in our markets for value. Private label products also provide the opportunity to source quality items locally. Select local sourcing has multiple benefits, including support of local communities in which we operate by enhancing business activity and creating direct and indirect jobs, mitigation of foreign currency exchange risk, and reduced supply chain exposure. These initiatives offer additional benefits and services for our Members, whether they choose to shop on-line, in-club, or both. In fiscal year 2024, our private label sales represented 27.6 of total merchandise sales, up from 26.3 for fiscal year 2023, and we plan to continue to invest in the development of additional private label products under the Member s Selection brand. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 III. Drive Incremental Sales via PriceSmart.com and Enhanced Online, Digital and Technological Capabilities . We recognize the growing expectation of consumers to control their shopping experience. Consumers are more engaged than ever before and want access 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. We ve continued to tailor our digital experience to match this expectation and meet our Members when and where they want to shop. In fiscal year 2024, we completed a country by country roll out of our new PriceSmart.com website and mobile application (Android and iOS) to complement our in-club shopping. The website and app use a MACH or headless architecture, which is designed for speed and scalability. We can now build and release new Member facing digital experiences without a full, end to end, technology redevelopment. This provides us the opportunity to continually strengthen and expand the scope of our relationship with each Member and offer new products and services in the future. Additionally, we can strengthen our data analytics around Member behavior on the website and app to better serve their preferences. Identification of delivery service areas, patterns in site searches, most viewed items and segmented homepage offerings are a few examples of the capabilities we now have through our investment in the digital experience for the Member. We are also continually finding ways to deploy technology that improves efficiency. For example, we have and will continue to enhance our order picking technology to reduce the time it takes to fulfill an order for the Member. This allows us to meet our Member's service expectations and expand our capacity for more orders. 
 Distribution Efficiency 
 We have always believed that distribution efficiency is fundamental for success in selling merchandise in our traditional clubs, and in today s world, this principle holds true for purchases made online. Because PriceSmart sources merchandise from all over the world and especially in the United States, and because we are doing business in countries where infrastructure roads and ports is not as developed as in the United States, distribution efficiency is even more significant for us. Our ability to move products efficiently and in a timely manner from the suppliers to our Members is key to the cost structure of our business and, consequentially, to how low we can price our products for our Members. 
 Historically, our international suppliers and especially our U.S. suppliers have generally shipped their products to our Miami distribution facility where they are received and assigned to various containers for direct shipment to our locations. Regional and in-country suppliers have shipped directly to our locations. As our location sales volumes have grown, we have routed more products from international, regional and local suppliers to regional and local distribution centers in order to improve in-stocks, reduce inventory weeks of supply, reduce logistics costs and improve working capital. 
 In addition to our Miami distribution facility, we have a large regional distribution center located in the metropolitan area of San Jose, Costa Rica. This 165,000 square foot facility distributes both dry and refrigerated products primarily to PriceSmart clubs in Costa Rica and also ships some products to other clubs in Central America. In October 2023, we relocated our distribution center in Panama City, Panama to an approximately 120,000 square foot leased building that serves as a distribution center for our warehouse clubs in Panama. This distribution center operates in a similar way to our distribution center in Costa Rica. Lastly, the Company has signed one promissory lease agreement for a future distribution center in Guatemala. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, we started using distribution centers run by a third party in four different markets, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua and El Salvador. These new distribution centers are part of our strategy to streamline a portion of our logistics network and, together with our plans to implement origin consolidation, we believe we will be able to lower freight costs, reduce transit time, and improve working capital by accelerating our sales conversion cycle in fiscal year 2025. 
 PriceSmart's Membership Policy 
 We offer three types of memberships: Diamond, Business and Platinum. 
 The Diamond Membership is targeted at individuals and families. The annual fee for a Diamond Membership (entitling Members to two cards), in most markets as of August 31, 2024 was approximately 40 (excluding tax). 
 The Company currently offers the Platinum Membership program in all thirteen of its markets, which entitles Members to two cards. The annual fee for a Platinum Membership in most markets is approximately 80 (excluding tax). The Platinum Membership provides Members with a 2 rebate on most items, up to an annual maximum of 500. Platinum Members can apply this rebate to future purchases at the warehouse club at the end of the annual membership period. The rebate is issued annually to Platinum Members on March 1 and expires August 31. Any rebate amount not redeemed by August 31 is recognized as breakage revenue. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We promote our Business and Business Platinum Memberships by offering certain merchandise targeted primarily to businesses such as restaurants, hotels, convenience stores, offices and institutions. In most markets, our Business Members pay an annual membership fee of approximately 40, or approximately 80 for Business Platinum, for a primary and secondary membership card and approximately 15 for additional add-on membership cards. Only businesses can qualify for a Business Membership, which permits up to three additional members. 
 Following many years where our annual membership fee for two cards has been 35 in most markets 75 for Platinum), we recently decided to raise our fee by 5 in all but one market for all membership types. These fee increases took place on a staggered basis in most countries during fiscal year 2024. 
 Members can sign-up and renew their memberships as well as choose auto-renewal online. 
 We recognize membership income over the 12-month term of the membership. Deferred membership income was 36.2 million and 31.1 million as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively. Our membership agreements provide that if our Members cancel their membership in the first 60 days, they will receive a full refund. After the initial 60 day period, Members may receive a refund for the prorated share of their remaining membership fee if they so request. 
 Our Intellectual Property Rights 
 It is our policy to obtain appropriate intellectual property rights protection for trademarks by filing applications for registration of eligible trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in certain foreign countries. We also rely on copyright and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary rights. We attempt to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through agreements with our employees, consultants and suppliers. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in protecting our proprietary rights. While we believe that our trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary know how have significant value, changing technology and the competitive marketplace make our future success dependent principally upon our employees technical competence and creative skills for continuing innovation. 
 Our Competition 
 Our international merchandising business competes with a wide range of international, regional, national and local retailers, and traditional wholesale distributors. We compete in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, shopping convenience and the overall shopping experience we offer. We also prioritize above all the safety of our Members and our employees. Some of our competitors may have greater resources, buying power and name recognition. In the countries in which we operate, we do not currently face direct competition from U.S. membership warehouse club operators. However, we do face competition from various retail formats such as hypermarkets, supermarkets, convenience stores, cash and carry outlets, home improvement centers, electronic retailers and specialty stores, including those within Latin America that are owned and operated by large U.S. and international retailers, including Walmart, Inc. in Central America and Grupo xito and Cencosud in Colombia. We have competed effectively in our markets in the past and expect to continue to do so in the future due to the unique nature of the membership warehouse club format. It is possible that additional warehouse club operators may decide to enter our markets and compete more directly with a similar warehouse club format. We also face competition from online retailers, such as AmazonGlobal and Mercado Libre in Colombia, and last-mile delivery services that serve our markets, and we expect that this type of competition will grow and intensify in the future. Lastly, we face competition from wholesalers selling food and/or general merchandise, which more directly competes with our business-to-business sales. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had approximately 12,000 employees. Approximately 96 of our employees were employed outside of the United States, and about 1,900 employees were represented by labor unions. 
 Developing a Diverse Workforce Representative of Our Markets 
 Fundamental to our mission is the ability to attract, retain, and develop a diverse workforce representative of the countries in which we operate. We are proud to hire from the local communities where we operate, which then enhances our understanding of the operating environment and legal framework of each country, so we can better serve our Members. We believe we provide our employees with excellent wages, as well as comprehensive benefit programs, which generally include life and health insurance and post-employment savings plans. We also seek to identify opportunities to support local businesses and communities, with the goal of improving the quality of life in the countries where we operate. 
 Talent Development and Learning 
 Providing employees with equal opportunities for development is a key focus for PriceSmart, and we strive to provide opportunities for each team member to learn and grow. We believe a focus on talent development leads to long-serving, loyal employees, which improves efficiencies in our operations, thus resulting in higher quality service to our Members. In fiscal year 2024, we held more than 6,400 corporate talent development learning sessions, which included general leadership training. We provided specialized training in developing a member-centric mindset to over 2,100 employees, as well as courses on emotional intelligence and psychological safety. In addition, we offer a robust range of courses in technical and language skills, as well as instruction in wellness and valuable life tools, such as the principles of managing personal or household finances, raising resilient children, and how to maintain healthy boundaries and a good work-life balance. 
 
 We also seek to promote from within, allowing us to develop the leadership strengths of our employees to provide a better overall customer experience for our Members. 
 Engaging Our Team through Internal Events Diversity Inclusion 
 We strive to create a work environment that fosters a sense of belonging, inclusion, growth and engagement for all our team members. Each month we facilitate a wide range of activities in the countries we operate in, including celebrations of birthdays and work anniversaries, volunteering, employee appreciation, health and wellness events, and recreational opportunities such as futbol (soccer) games and 5K runs. We also send company-wide communications to celebrate events that recognize diversity and cultural heritage and educate team members about the history and significance of these events. 
 The activities we facilitate do more than bring employees together. They create platforms for celebrating our diversity, enriching our experiences, and fueling our shared journey toward success. In addition to promoting knowledge sharing, they empower our employees to grow personally and professionally, fostering an inclusive environment where we celebrate unique perspectives and strengthen our organizational culture. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, our merchandising businesses have experienced holiday retail seasonality in their markets. In addition to seasonal fluctuations, our operating results fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as a result of economic and political events in markets that we serve, the timing of holidays, weather, the timing of shipments, product mix, and currency effects on the cost of U.S.-sourced products which may make these products more or less expensive in local currencies and therefore more or less affordable. Because of such fluctuations, the results of operations of any quarter are not indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year or any future quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that our future results will be consistent with past results or the projections of securities analysts. 
 Other Information 
 PriceSmart, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1994. Our principal executive offices are located at 9740 Scranton Road, San Diego, California 92121. Our telephone number is (858) 404-8800. Our website home page on the internet is www.pricesmart.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 The PriceSmart, Inc. investor relations website or internet address is https://investors.pricesmart.com. On this website we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, and the annual report to the stockholders as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with or furnishing it to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website under SEC Filings. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We will make available our annual report on Form 10-K and our annual Proxy Statement for the fiscal year 2024 at the internet address https://materials.proxyvote.com/741511 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with or furnishing it to the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In evaluating the Company s business, you should consider the following discussion of risk factors, in addition to other information contained in this report and in the Company s other public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Any such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. However, the risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects. 
 External Factors that Could Adversely Affect Us 
 Our financial performance is dependent on international operations, which exposes us to various risks. 
 Our international operations account for nearly all of our total revenues. Our financial performance is subject to risks inherent in operating and expanding our international membership warehouse club business, which include: 
 changes in, and inconsistent enforcement of, laws and regulations, including those related to tariffs and taxes; 
 the imposition of foreign and domestic governmental controls, including expropriation risks; 
 natural disasters; 
 trade restrictions, including import-export quotas and general restrictions on importation; 
 difficulty and costs associated with international sales and the administration of an international merchandising business; 
 crime and security concerns that can adversely affect the economies of the countries in which we operate and which require us to incur additional costs to provide additional security at our warehouse clubs; 
 political instability, such as anti-government protests in Panama and Guatemala in 2023 and civil unrest in Colombia in 2022 and 2021; 
 product registration, permitting and regulatory compliance; 
 volatility in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 limitations on our ability to convert foreign currencies; 
 general economic and business conditions; 
 pandemics; and 
 interruption of our supply chain. 
 These risks may result in disruption to our sales, banking transactions, operations and merchandise shipments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, the Colombian peso exchange rate with the U.S. dollar devalued approximately 15 on average throughout fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022, reducing our U.S. dollar value of sales and negatively affecting overall demand for our merchandise in Colombia during that year. In order to mitigate the significant price increase to our Members that would be required to maintain our target margins, we absorbed the increase in the costs of goods resulting from the devaluation and we took pricing actions on certain product categories that reduced our Total gross margin during that period until the exchange rate normalized and we were able to return to a more normalized margin profit. However, if the Colombia peso were to weaken again and we were to again absorb the costs of the devaluation or take pricing actions to lower the cost to our Members to mitigate a decrease in demand, consolidated Total gross margins could be negatively impacted. Fluctuations in exchange rates for foreign currencies have and could continue to reduce the U.S. dollar value of sales, earnings and cash flows we receive from our non-U.S. markets, increase our supply costs (as measured in U.S. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in those markets or otherwise adversely impact our business results or financial condition. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our business depends heavily on the uninterrupted operation of our distribution facilities located in Miami, Florida and San Jose, Costa Rica, our warehouse clubs located in Colombia, Central America and the Caribbean, and our headquarters and buying operations in San Diego, California. Our operations were disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic and actions government authorities in our markets took to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, stay-at-home orders and other quarantine and isolation measures. The pandemic also resulted in delays or difficulty sourcing products and threatened the health of our employees and Members. Pandemics or events of this sort have had, and may have in the future, an adverse effect on our business. 
 Political and other factors in each of our markets may have significant effects on our business. For example, protestors set up roadblocks in Guatemala in October 2023 general elections. In addition, protestors set up roadblocks in Panama in October and November 2023 disrupting traffic to our clubs throughout most of the market as a reaction to an agreement between the Panamanian government and a mining company. Civil unrest in Colombia paralyzed significant portions of the country s infrastructure as roadblocks and riots disrupted normal economic activity during the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. Austerity and tax reform measures for Colombia and other Latin American countries with high national debt levels and income disparity pose a risk for political instability. 
 From time to time, we have experienced a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This impedes our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products or otherwise fund our operations. This illiquidity also increases our foreign exchange exposure to any devaluation of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar. For more information about the lack of U.S. dollar availability risks we face, see "Financial and Accounting Risks We are subject to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and limits on our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars." 
 Negative economic conditions created or exacerbated by inflation, and higher interest rates could adversely impact our business in various respects. 
 A slowdown in the economies of one or more of the countries in which we operate or adverse changes in economic conditions affecting discretionary consumer spending could adversely affect consumer demand for the products we sell, change the mix of products we sell to a mix with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, adversely affect our net sales or result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns of inventory. 
 Sales of food and groceries are especially sensitive to general changes in economic conditions. Economic conditions in our markets can be adversely affected by contractions in financial markets, increased governmental ownership or regulation of the economy, higher interest rates, high rates of inflation or deflation, higher fuel prices, increased barriers to entry such as higher tariffs and taxes, and other macroeconomic factors. 
 The economic factors that affect our operations may also adversely affect the operations of our suppliers, which can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us. 
 Our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases. 
 Future increases in costs, such as the cost of merchandise, wage and benefits costs, shipping rates, freight costs, fuel costs, utilities and other store occupancy costs, may reduce our profitability. We seek to adjust our product sales pricing, operate more efficiently, and increase our comparable store net sales to help offset inflation as well as currency rate changes, changes in tax rates or in the methods used to calculate or collect taxes on our sales or income and other factors that can increase costs. We might not be able to adjust prices, operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future to a great enough extent to offset increased costs. Although we have seen recent inflationary pressures subsiding, substantial product cost increases and commodity price increases have and could continue to impact our financial results and could lead to reduced sales, fewer units sold, and/or margin pressure. Please see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this Form 10-K for further discussion of the effect of currency rate changes, inflation and other economic factors on our operations. 
 We face significant competition. 
 Our international warehouse club business competes with exporters, importers, wholesalers, local retailers and trading companies in various international markets. Some of our competitors have greater resources, buying power and name recognition than we have. We also face competition from online retailers who serve our markets, and we expect that this type of competition will grow and intensify in the future. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 In the countries in which we operate, we do not currently face direct competition from membership warehouse club operators. However, we do face competition from various retail formats such as hypermarkets, supermarkets, cash and carry outlets, home improvement centers, electronic retailers and specialty stores, including those within Latin America that are owned and operated by large U.S. and international retailers, including Walmart Inc. in Central America and Grupo xito and Cencosud in Colombia. We have noted that certain retailers are making investments in upgrading their locations or opening of new stores which may result in increased competition. Further, it is possible that other warehouse club operators may decide to enter our markets and compete more directly with us in a similar warehouse club format. Our ability to operate profitably in our markets, particularly small markets, may be adversely affected by the existence or entry of competing warehouse clubs or discount retailers. 
 We compete in a variety of ways, including the value and prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to Members, location, store hours, safety protocols and the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer. We may be required to implement price reductions to remain competitive if any of our competitors reduce prices in any of our markets. In response to the increasing threat associated with online retailers, we are making technology investments, which may result in increases in the use of cash and reduced profitability in the near term. 
 Our sales could be adversely affected if one or more major international online retailers were to enter our markets or if other competitors were to offer a superior online experience. 
 Although online sales are currently a smaller proportion of total sales in our markets for the types of merchandise we offer than in the U.S., online shopping is becoming more prevalent in our markets as we and our competitors begin to offer more opportunities for online shopping and as delivery systems in our markets improve. While major international online retailers have not established a significant penetration in any of our markets, AmazonGlobal continues to expand its online marketplace and ships into most of our markets. However, other regional online retailers, such as MercadoLibre, have continued to increase their presence in our markets. In the case of Rappi in Colombia, we have a partnership with them in which our Members can use their platform to place online orders; however, this may not be the case for other online retailers. It is possible that Amazon or other major international retailers will establish a direct presence, or smaller regional companies will increase their penetration of online shopping. In either case, sales through our online platform or warehouse clubs could be adversely affected. 
 We are exposed to significant weather events and other natural disaster risks that might not be adequately compensated by insurance, and we are susceptible to the long-term impacts of climate change. 
 Our operations are subject to volatile weather conditions and natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and volcanic activity, which are encountered periodically in the regions in which our warehouse clubs and other facilities are located. Natural disasters could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more clubs or distribution centers, limitations on store or club operating hours, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and employees to reach our clubs, the unavailability of our digital platforms to our customers, disruption in the supply of products or increases in the costs of procuring products. For example, in early fiscal year 2018, operations at our USVI warehouse club were adversely affected by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. The warehouse club was closed for nine days, and after re-opening, the warehouse club operated with limited hours for 16 days due to a government-imposed curfew. Damaged and destroyed roads restricted traffic flow, adversely affecting customer access for some time after the hurricane. Future losses from business interruption may not be adequately compensated by insurance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions, drought, or rising sea levels) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. Physical risks include extreme storms that damage or destroy our buildings and inventory or interrupt our business operations and supply chain and temperature changes that increase the heating and cooling costs at clubs and distribution and fulfillment centers. We also may experience changes in energy and commodity prices driven by climate change as well as new regulatory requirements resulting in higher compliance risk and operational costs. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 We face difficulties in the shipment of, and risks inherent in the importation of, merchandise to our warehouse clubs. 
 Our warehouse clubs typically import nearly half or more of the merchandise that they sell. This merchandise originates from various countries and is transported over long distances, over water and over land, which results in: 
 substantial lead times needed between the procurement and delivery of products, thus complicating merchandising and inventory controls; 
 the possible loss of products due to theft or potential damage to, or destruction of, ships or containers delivering goods; 
 product markdowns due to the prohibitive cost of returning merchandise upon importation; 
 product registration, tariffs, customs and shipping regulation issues in the locations we ship to and from; 
 the possibility of business interruption due to transportation and port strikes; 
 ocean freight and duty costs; and 
 possible governmental restrictions on the importation of merchandise. 
 In addition, as a result of COVID-19 and the measures designed to contain the spread of the virus, we faced and may again face delays or difficulty sourcing products, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. Certain of our suppliers had their manufacturing operations disrupted by the coronavirus outbreak and, even when goods had been completed, they often were subject to weeks-long shipping delays. If our third-party suppliers operations are curtailed, again, or transportation systems are disrupted, we may need to seek alternate sources of supply, which may be more expensive. If the production and distribution closures were to resume for an extended period of time, the impact on our supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Civil unrest in certain countries in which we operate may adversely affect the flow of goods through those countries. For example, protestors set up roadblocks in Panama during October and November 2023 as a reaction to an agreement between the Panamanian government and a mining company, disrupting traffic to our clubs throughout most of the market. Roadblocks in Guatemala in October 2023 relating to election protests also limited access to certain of our warehouse clubs. Civil unrest in Colombia in response to tax reform and austerity measures paralyzed significant portions of the country s infrastructure as roadblocks and riots disrupted normal economic activity during the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. 
 Moreover, each country in which we operate has different governmental rules and regulations regarding the importation of foreign products. Changes to the rules and regulations governing the importation of merchandise may result in additional delays, costs or barriers in our deliveries of products to our warehouse clubs or may affect the type of products we select to import. In addition, only a limited number of transportation companies service our regions. The inability or failure of one or more key transportation companies to provide transportation services to us, any collusion among the transportation companies regarding shipping prices or terms, changes in the regulations that govern shipping tariffs or the importation of products, or any other disruption to our ability to import our merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to payment related risks, including risks to the security of payment card information. 
 We accept payments using an increasing variety of methods, including cash, checks, wire transfers, our co-branded credit cards and a variety of other credit and debit cards. Our operations, like those of most retailers, require the transmission of information associated with cashless payments. As we offer new payment options to our Members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations and compliance requirements, along with the risk of higher fraud losses. For certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related card acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. We rely on third parties to provide secure and reliable payment transaction processing services, including the processing of credit and debit cards, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change over time. If we fail to comply with these rules or transaction processing requirements, we may not be able to accept certain payment methods. In addition, if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for banks compromised card re-issuance costs, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and/or debit card payments from our Members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Failures or disruptions in data communication and transfer services also could significantly impact our ability to transact payments to vendors and process credit and debit card transactions. Lastly, we or our customers may experience spoofing transactions, particularly with respect to wire transfers, which could cause us to make payments to impostor vendors or result in our not receiving timely payment from customers for merchandise we have sold. 
 We face the possibility of operational interruptions related to union work stoppages . 
 We currently have unionized employees in three of our markets (Trinidad, Barbados and Panama), and our operations depend on shipping, trucking, ports and other elements of the supply chain that often rely on unionized labor. A work stoppage or other limitation on operations from union or other labor-related matters could occur for any number of reasons, including as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements. For example, while it did not impact our export activities, we experienced a brief disruption to the flow of imported merchandise into our Miami distribution center operations because of the U.S. dockworkers strike in October 2024. A lengthy work stoppage or significant limitation on operations could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Associated with Our Business Strategy and Operations 
 Any failure by us to manage our widely dispersed operations could adversely affect our business. 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had 54 warehouse clubs in operation, located in 12 countries and one U.S. territory (ten in Colombia; eight in Costa Rica ; seven in Panama ; six in Guatemala; five in Dominican Republic ; four each in Trinidad and El Salvador; three in Honduras; two each in Nicaragua and Jamaica; and one each in Aruba, Barbados and the United States Virgin Islands) . We will need to continually evaluate the adequacy of our existing infrastructure, systems and procedures, financial controls, operating controls, inventory, and safety controls and make upgrades from time to time. Moreover, we will be required to continually analyze the sufficiency of our inventory distribution channels and systems and may require additional or expanded facilities in order to support our operations. We may not adequately anticipate all the changing demands that will be imposed on these systems. Any failure of our systems or our inability to effectively update our internal systems or procedures as required could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We depend on maintaining and expanding our membership base, and any harm to our relationship with our Members could have a material adverse effect on our business, net sales and results of operations . 
 Our membership provides a competitive advantage. Membership has been a basic operating characteristic in the warehouse club industry, beginning over 48 years ago at Price Club, the first membership warehouse club business. We believe membership promotes Member loyalty, and membership fees contribute to our ability to operate our business on lower margins than conventional retailers and wholesalers. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Further, our net sales are directly affected by the number of membership cardholders, the frequency with which our Members shop at our clubs and online and the amount they spend, which means the loyalty and enthusiasm of our Members directly impacts our net sales and operating income. Accordingly, anything that would harm our relationship with our existing Members or our ability to continue to attract new Members could materially adversely affect our net sales, membership fee income and results of operations. 
 Factors that could adversely affect our relationship with our Members include: our failure to provide good value to Members on the goods and services we offer; our failure to provide the expected quality of merchandise; our failure to offer the right mix of merchandise; events that harm our reputation or the reputation of our Member s Selection brand; our failure to provide convenience online and in-store shopping; increases to our membership fees; and increased competition. 
 We might not identify in a timely manner or effectively respond to changes in consumer preferences for merchandise, which could adversely affect our relationship with Members, demand for our products and market share. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and changes in consumer preferences for merchandise. It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services our Members will demand. Failure to timely identify or respond effectively to changing consumer tastes, preferences or spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with our Members, the demand for our products and our market share. If we are not successful at predicting sales trends and adjusting purchases accordingly, we might have too much or too little inventory of certain products. If we buy too much of a product, we might be required to reduce prices or otherwise liquidate the excess inventory, which could have an adverse effect on margins (net sales less merchandise costs) and operating income. If we do not have sufficient quantities of a popular product, we might lose sales and profits we otherwise could have made. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, retain, and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy, data-driven technologies such as artificial intelligence, and data security, as well as customer expectations around data collection, retention, and use. 
 Future sales growth depends, in part, on our ability to successfully open new warehouse clubs in our existing and new markets . 
 Sales growth at existing warehouse clubs can be impacted by, among other things, the physical limitations of the warehouse clubs, which restrict the amount of merchandise that can be safely stored and displayed in the warehouse clubs and the number of Members that can be accommodated during business hours. As a result, sales growth will depend, in part, upon our acquiring suitable sites for additional warehouse clubs. Land for purchase or lease, or buildings to be leased, in the size and locations in those markets that would be suitable for new PriceSmart warehouse clubs may be limited in number or not be available or financially feasible. In this regard, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Additionally, local land use, environmental and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouse clubs may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of constructing, leasing and operating our warehouse clubs. We have experienced these limitations in Colombia, primarily in Bogot , and in some of our other existing markets, which has negatively affected our growth rates in those markets. Limitations on the availability of appropriate sites for new warehouse clubs in the areas targeted by us could have a material adverse effect on the future growth of PriceSmart. 
 In some cases, we have more than one warehouse club in a single metropolitan area, and we may open new warehouse clubs in certain areas where we already have warehouse clubs. A new warehouse club in an area already served by existing warehouse clubs may draw Members away from existing warehouse clubs and adversely affect comparable store sales performance. We operate in relatively small markets. Given the growth of our sales over the past few years, market saturation could impact the rate of future sales growth. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We might open warehouse clubs in new markets in the future. The risks associated with entering a new market include potential difficulties in attracting Members due to a lack of familiarity with us and our lack of familiarity with local Member preferences. In addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. As a result, our new warehouse clubs might not be successful in new markets. 
 Failure to grow our e-commerce business through the integration of physical and digital retail channels and the investments we are making to develop a robust e-commerce platform could materially adversely affect our market position, net sales and/or financial performance. 
 The retail business is quickly evolving, and consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. As a result, the portion of total consumer expenditures with all retailers and wholesale clubs occurring online and through mobile commerce applications is increasing and the pace of this increase could accelerate. As demonstrated by our launch of our PriceSmart.com and our mobile app and the upgrade of our point-of-sale system, we are increasing our investments in e-commerce, technology and other customer initiatives. The success of our e-commerce initiative continues to depend in large measure on our ability to build and deliver a seamless shopping experience across the physical and digital retail channels. Operating an e-commerce platform and fulfillment of online orders is a complex undertaking, and there is no guarantee that the resources we have applied to this effort will result in increased revenues or improved operating performance. If we do not maintain a successful and relevant omni-channel experience for our Members, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, a greater concentration of e-commerce sales could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our warehouse clubs, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-club sales of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our sales within our clubs, materially affecting the financial performance of the physical retail side of our operations. In addition, our investments in e-commerce and technology initiatives will adversely impact our short-term financial performance, and our failure to realize the benefits of these investments may adversely impact our financial performance over the longer term. 
 We are subject to risks associated with our dependence on third-party suppliers and service providers, and we have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new merchandise. 
 We have important ongoing relationships with various third-party suppliers of services and merchandise. These include, but are not limited to, local, regional, and international merchandise suppliers, information technology suppliers, equipment suppliers, financial institutions, credit card issuers and processors, and lessors. Significant changes in the relationships or the agreements that govern the terms through which business is conducted could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new merchandise, and any supplier could at any time change the terms upon which it sells to us or discontinue selling to us. One of our significant suppliers operates a warehouse club business and may in the future seek to compete with us in some of our markets. In addition, the manner in which we acquire merchandise, either directly from the supplier s parent company or through a local subsidiary or distributor, is subject to change from time to time based on changes initiated by the supplier and for reasons beyond our control. Significant changes or disruptions in how we acquire merchandise from these suppliers could negatively affect our access to such merchandise, as well as the cost of merchandise to us and hence our Members, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our failure to maintain our brand and reputation could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our success depends on our ability to continue to preserve and enhance our brand and reputation. Damage to the PriceSmart brand could adversely impact merchandise sales, diminish Member trust, reduce Member renewal rates and impair our ability to add new Members. A failure to maintain and enhance our reputation also could lead to loss of new opportunities or employee retention and recruiting difficulties. Negative incidents, such as a data breach or product recall, can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. In particular, the propagation of negative publicity on social media, whether merited or not, can have a damaging effect on our business in one or more markets. In addition, we sell many products under our private label Member s Selection brand. If we do not maintain consistent product quality of our Member s Selection products, which generally carry higher margins than national brand products carried in our warehouse clubs, our net warehouse sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected and Member loyalty could be harmed. Also, accidents or personal injuries that sometimes occur in our facilities, such as a Member slipping and falling or injuries caused by product falling from a rack, could result in negative publicity or otherwise damage the Company's reputation. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We face the risk of exposure to product liability claims, a product recall and adverse publicity. 
 If our merchandise, such as food and prepared food products for human consumption, medication, children's products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety standards or our Members expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. The sale of these items exposes us to the risk of product liability claims, a product recall and adverse publicity. We may inadvertently redistribute food products or prepare food products that are contaminated, which may result in illness, injury or death if the contaminants are not eliminated by processing at the food service or consumer level. We package and market fresh produce products within our markets, so we may be exposed to additional risk of product liability and adverse publicity if those fresh food products are contaminated, which may result in illness, injury or death if the contaminants are not eliminated by processing at our packaging service centers. 
 We generally seek contractual indemnification and proof of insurance from our major suppliers and carry product liability insurance for all products we sell to or package for our Members. However, if we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available, product liability claims relating to products that are contaminated or otherwise harmful could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully market our products and on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, even if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding a product recall or any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could have a material adverse effect on our reputation with existing and potential Members and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Failure to adequately maintain our systems or disruptions of our systems could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations . 
 Given the high number of individual transactions we have each year, we seek to maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. Our information systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. If our computer systems and back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 We depend on third-party service providers to support transaction and payment processing, data security and other technology services. Any interruption in the operations of these service providers could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on us. For example, in 2022, a third party that supported our point-of-sale system became insolvent, which required us to quickly develop and implement short-term workarounds and delayed our migration to a cloud-based system integrating in-store and online functionality. 
 From time to time, we make technology investments to improve or replace our information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption increases when system changes are undertaken. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the right investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. For example, we have begun migrating to the Elera point-of-sale system, which is a Toshiba product, and if we are not able to successfully implement this product, or experience significant delays, it may jeopardize our operations or result in additional costs. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Not updating our systems on a timely basis could leave us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. We will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization and integration of rapidly evolving technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. Our current ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system is no longer supported by the developer of the software, which could increase the risk of a system disruption. In addition, there are newer versions available from the vendors of some of our other internal systems offering greater functionality and reliability that we have not yet implemented. We also continue to rely on other systems we developed internally a number of years ago, and we are in the process of migrating these systems to more industry-standard technologies. Several years ago, we began evaluating options to replace our ERP system. However, we intentionally deferred this project as originally contemplated in order to more thoroughly assess our overall IT landscape. We decided that the risk, cost, and implementation cycle time of a holistic ERP system was not a sound strategy. We instead turned our focus to a coordinated program of upgrading packaged applications and replacing in-house applications with packaged applications designed to improve our capabilities with less risk, and in less time. We are continuing to work on the implementation of a packaged forecast and replenishment system (RELEX) for buying and upgrades to our packaged WMS (Warehouse Management System) and TMS (Transportation Management System) for logistics. We believe these upgrades plus several other projects, such as our point-of-sale system replacement and e-commerce replacement, will modernize our key revenue-generating systems and reduce risk of disruption. However, if we are not successful in this strategy, we might be required to operate with obsolete technology and will be subject to risks of system disruption, which would put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. 
 We have also begun evaluation of a modern financial management application and an integrated human resources information system for timekeeping, payroll and other HR functions to replace older applications that rely mostly on internal support. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits, may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost or may cause disruptions in our business. 
 Any failure by us to maintain the security of the information that we hold relating to our Company, Members, employees and vendors, could damage our reputation with them, could disrupt our operations, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation and could materially affect our operating results. 
 We receive, retain, and transmit personal information about our Members and employees and entrust that information to third-party business associates, including cloud service-providers that perform activities for us. In addition, we and our third-party service providers store and maintain health-related personal information, pharmacy, and medical records in connection with our health and wellness and pharmacy businesses. We also utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, cloud services, back-office support, and other functions. In addition, our online operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. Each year, computer hackers, cyber terrorists, and others make numerous attempts to access the information stored in companies information systems. The increased use of remote work infrastructure has also increased cybersecurity risk, as remote work continues even post COVID-19. Additionally, the rapid evolution of artificial intelligence and integration of machine learning technologies into our internal systems may intensify our cybersecurity risks and create new risks to our business, operations, and financial condition. 
 The use of data by our business and our business associates is regulated in all of our operating countries. Privacy and information-security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to, among other things, systems changes and the development of new processes. If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be subjected to legal risk as a result of non-compliance. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate one or more of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which computer hackers, cyber terrorists and others may attempt to defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and breach our or our third-party service providers' information systems. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated. As cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more hackers, cyber terrorists or others might defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and obtain the personal information of Members, employees and vendors that we hold or to which our third-party service providers have access, and we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs. We or one of our third-party service providers also may be subject to a ransomware or cyber-extortion attack, which could significantly disrupt our operations. In the enterprise context, ransomware attacks involve restricting access to computer systems or vital data until a ransom is paid. Error or malfeasance by our employees and consultants, faulty password management or other irregularities may result in a defeat of our or our third-party service providers security measures and breach our or our third-party service providers information systems (whether digital or otherwise). 
 Any breach of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and loss of our confidential information, which could be undetected for a period of time, or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations, could cause us to incur significant costs to protect any Members and/or employees whose personal data was compromised and to restore Member and employee confidence in us and to make changes to our information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 In addition, such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation with our Members, employees, vendors and stockholders, as well as our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity; could result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and financial condition and performance; and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties or liabilities. Moreover, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the security breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard such important personal information against cyberattacks and other attempts to access such information, resulting in a disruption of our operations. 
 We regularly reassess these risks in response to the evolving cybersecurity landscape, and any significant changes are promptly communicated to executive management and our Board or Audit Committee. There are no assurances that our cybersecurity risk management program, policies, controls, or procedures will be fully implemented, complied with, or effectively protect our systems and information. We have not identified and are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, which have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Despite our security measures, however, there can be no assurance that we, or third parties with which we interact, will not experience a cybersecurity incident in the future that will materially affect us. 
 Our use of artificial intelligence in our business or more rapid adoption of artificial intelligence by our competitors could result in harm to our brand and adversely affect our results of operations . 
 Some of our computer systems currently, and might in the future, incorporate artificial intelligence AI solutions, including machine learning and generative AI tools that collect, aggregate, and analyze data to assist in the development of our services and products and in the use of internal tools that support our business. These applications may become increasingly important in our operations over time. This emerging technology presents a number of risks inherent in its use. For example, AI algorithms are based on machine learning and predictive analytics, which can create accuracy issues, unintended biases, and discriminatory outcomes that could harm our brand, reputation, business, or customers. Additionally, any investments we make in AI technologies might not actually make us more efficient. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their businesses more rapidly or more successfully than us, which could hinder our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. The technologies underlying AI are rapidly developing, and it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks related to the use of AI. While new AI initiatives, laws, and regulations are emerging and evolving, what they ultimately will look like remains uncertain, and our obligation to comply with them could entail significant costs, negatively affect our business, or limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our business. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Any failure by us to protect our trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property, or our actual or alleged infringement of other companies intellectual property, could harm our business. 
 We depend on our brands, such as the PriceSmart name and logo, to attract Members and make sales of goods and services. We monitor and protect against activities that might infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our trademarks and other intellectual property, and rely on trademark and other laws of the United States and other countries in which we operate. We also rely on copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our trademarks, trade names, proprietary information, technologies, and processes. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights, and we may be unable to broadly enforce all of our trademarks. Any unauthorized use of our trademarks or other intellectual property could harm our competitive position and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Additionally, we cannot be certain that we do not, or will not in the future, infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. Any intellectual property infringement claims against us could be costly, time-consuming and harmful to our reputation or could result in injunctive or other equitable relief that may require us to make changes to our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation, whether or not resolved in our favor, could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. 
 Business acquisitions or divestitures and new business initiatives could adversely impact the Company s performance . 
 From time to time, we may consider acquisition opportunities and new business initiatives. During fiscal year 2018, we acquired Aeropost, Inc. Aeropost ). Acquisitions and new business initiatives involve certain inherent risks, including the failure to retain key personnel from an acquired business; undisclosed or subsequently arising liabilities or accounting, internal control, regulatory or compliance issues associated with an acquired business; challenges in the successful integration of operations, and alignment of standards, policies and systems; future developments that may impair the value of our purchased goodwill or intangible assets; and the potential diversion of management resources from existing operations to respond to unforeseen issues arising in the context of the integration of a new business or initiative. 
 We sold the legacy casillero and marketplace businesses operated by Aeropost in October 2021. In connection with this sale, we retained the technology and intellectual property rights required for the furtherance of our business interest in PriceSmart.com and related capabilities. We could incur unforeseen expenses or other issues in connection with the separation of these businesses. In addition, we and the buyer of the legacy casillero and marketplace businesses agreed to indemnify each other for any breach of representations and warranties we made to one another in the purchase agreement. Pursuant to these indemnification obligations, during fiscal year 2023, we wrote off approximately 700,000 of accounts receivable from Aeropost to fully settle claims from Aeropost s acquiror alleging that we breached representations and warranties regarding cybersecurity matters and worker classification. 
 Failure to attract and retain qualified employees could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Our success depends, to a significant degree, on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel, and the loss of any such persons could have a material adverse effect on our business. We must attract, develop and retain a growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. There is no assurance that we will be able to adequately attract, develop and retain highly qualified employees in the future or to execute management transitions when members of the Company s senior leadership retire or otherwise leave the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not maintain life or disability insurance for our key executives. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Legal and Compliance Risks 
 We face compliance risks related to our international operations. 
 In the United States and within the international markets where we operate, there are multiple laws and regulations that relate to our business and operations. These laws and regulations are subject to change, and any failure by us to effectively manage our operations and reporting obligations as required by the various laws and regulations can result in our incurring significant legal costs and fines as well as disruptions to our business and operations. Such failure could also result in investors loss of confidence in us, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. 
 In foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our employees, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the laws and regulations of other countries. We maintain policies prohibiting such business practices and have in place global anti-corruption compliance programs designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. Nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our employees, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such U.S. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies or circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. Any violations of anti-corruption laws, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could adversely affect our reputation, business, or financial performance. 
 We could be subject to additional tax liabilities or subject to reserves on the recoverability of tax receivables . 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our consolidated provision for income taxes. In the course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices and principles, including changes to the global tax framework, in various jurisdictions and any changes we make to our intercompany transaction structure. In recent years, multiple domestic and international tax proposals were proposed to impose greater tax burdens on large multinational enterprises. For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") continues to advance proposals or guidance in international taxation, including the establishment of a global minimum tax. 
 We compute our income tax based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. As the tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall taxes. Changes in tax laws, increases in the enacted tax rates, adverse outcomes in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In one of the countries where we operate, the government made changes several years ago in the method of computing minimum tax payments, under which the government sought to require retailers to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). As a result, the Company has made and may continue to make income tax payments substantially in excess of those it would expect to pay based on taxable income, and the rules that allow the Company to obtain refunds or to offset payments that are substantially in excess of taxes payable based on taxable income are unclear or complex. 
 For example, in fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle the minimum tax payment dispute in one country. Of this amount, 1.0 million is a reserve we recorded against an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining 6.2 million for the unpaid years of the dispute in which we made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. As part of the settlement, we will pay the minimum tax on a go-forward basis. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 A few of our stockholders own approximately 15.3 of our voting stock as of August 31, 2024, which may make it difficult to complete some corporate transactions without their support and may impede a change in control. 
 Robert E. Price, the Company s Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer, and affiliates of Mr. Price, including Price Philanthropies, The Price Group, LLC, The Robert Allison Price Charitable Remainder Trust and various other trusts, collectively beneficially own approximately 15.3 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Of this amount, approximately 71.1 (i.e., 10.9 of our total outstanding shares) is held by charitable entities. As a result of their beneficial ownership, these stockholders have the ability to significantly affect the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors. In addition, this ownership could discourage the acquisition of our common stock by potential investors and could have an anti-takeover effect, possibly depressing the trading price of our common stock. 
 Financial and Accounting Risks 
 We are subject to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and limits on our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars. 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had a total of 54 warehouse clubs operating in 12 foreign countries and one U.S. territory, 42 of which operate under currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For fiscal year 2024, approximately 79.5 of our net merchandise sales were in foreign currencies. We may enter into additional foreign countries in the future or open additional locations in existing countries, which may increase the percentage of net merchandise sales denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues, and expenses of our operations outside of the U.S. from foreign currencies into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result of such translations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period may result in our consolidated financial statements reflecting significant adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reflecting a period-over-period improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. 
 In addition, devaluing foreign local currencies compared to the U.S. dollar could negatively impact the purchasing power of our Members for imported merchandise in those countries. Merchandise imported into our markets is generally purchased by the Company in U.S. dollars and priced and sold in the local currency of that country. If the local currency devalues against the U.S. dollar, we may elect to increase prices in the local currency to maintain our target margins, making the products more expensive for our Members. We may also decide to reduce or modify the flow of merchandise into those markets. Depending on the severity of the devaluation and corresponding price increase (as experienced in Colombia in fiscal 2023), the demand for, sales of, and profitability of those products could be negatively impacted. 
 From time to time, we have experienced a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This impedes our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products or otherwise fund our operations. This illiquidity also increases our foreign exchange exposure to any devaluation of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar. Additionally, the Company may incur significant premium costs to convert our local currencies into available tradable currencies and U.S. dollars. For instance, since fiscal year 2017, we have experienced this situation in Trinidad and have been unable to source a sufficient level of tradable currencies. We are working with our banks in Trinidad and government officials to convert all of our Trinidad dollars into tradable currencies. For instance, during fiscal year 2021, we experienced significant limitations on our ability to convert Trinidad dollars to U.S. dollars or other tradable currencies. Our balance as of August 31, 2024 of Trinidad dollar denominated cash and cash equivalents and short and long-term investments measured in U.S. dollars was 60.2 million, a decrease of 40.3 mill ion from the peak of 100.5 million as of November 30, 2020. However, as the Trinidad central bank strictly manages the exchange rate of the Trinidad dollar with the U.S. dollar and affects the level of U.S. Dollar liquidity in the market through its interventions, we are subject to continued challenges in converting our Trinidad dollars to U.S. dollars, as well as being exposed to the risk of a potential devaluation of the currency. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, during fiscal year 2023, the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. As of August 31, 2024 , our Honduran subsidiary had approximate ly 22.3 million of cash and cash equivalents denominated in lempiras, which cannot be readily converted to U.S. dollars for general use within the Company. We are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. 
 Volatility and uncertainty regarding the currencies and economic conditions in the countries where we operate could have a material impact on our operations in future periods. 
 Changes in accounting standards and assumptions, projections, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, projections, estimates and judgments by our management. These include, but are not limited to assumptions, projections, estimates and judgements related to contingencies and litigation, income taxes, value added taxes, and long-lived assets. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, projections, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. 
 For example, because of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842), which the Company adopted September 1, 2019, the Company is required to recognize a Right-of-Use (ROU) asset and lease liability for each of the Company s long-term leases. Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 842 requires that the ROU asset be designated as a non-monetary asset and the lease liability as a monetary liability. Therefore, when accounting for a lease that is denominated in a foreign currency, if remeasurement into the lessee s functional currency is required, the lease liability is remeasured using the current exchange rate. We have leases in several of our subsidiaries in which the lease payments are denominated in a foreign currency that is not the functional currency of that entity. Therefore, we are subject to additional volatility in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of this accounting standard update. The monetary lease liability subject to revaluation as of August 31, 2024 was 31.5 million. Due to the mix of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations during fiscal year 2024, the impact to the consolidated statements of income of revaluing this liability was immaterial. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 PriceSmart has developed, implemented, and maintained a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our critical technology systems, data and information. We have implemented processes and protocols designed to monitor, identify, mitigate and prevent material risks associated with cybersecurity threats and incidents relevant to internal networks, business applications, customer-facing applications, customer payment systems, and business operations. Cybersecurity represents an important component of our overall cross-functional approach to risk management. Our cybersecurity practices are integrated into the Company's enterprise risk management ("ERM") approach, and cybersecurity risks are among the core enterprise risks identified for oversight by the Board through our annual ERM assessment. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program utilizes information and guidance derived from industry-recognized frameworks, including the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001 Framework and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework 2.0 (CSF), specifically the NIST 800-53 and NIST 811-171 publications. While we have based our cybersecurity risk management program on these frameworks, we have not obtained these specific certifications to date. Our cybersecurity risk management program is overseen by our 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Chief Information Officer ("CIO") and/or our First Vice President of Information Security ("FVPIS") and reviewed annually. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program includes but is not limited to the following: 
 risk assessments performed both internally and by external vendors to assist in the identification of material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and our broader enterprise Information Technology (IT) environment; 
 contracting with and use of third-party service providers, where deemed necessary, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; 
 cybersecurity awareness training for our employees; 
 adoption of a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents; and 
 a risk management process for selecting and working with key service providers, suppliers, and vendors that takes into account our assessment of their criticality to our operations and their respective risk profiles. 
 We continuously monitor, assess, and strategically invest to improve the effectiveness and resiliency of our information security systems to keep abreast of the dynamic and complex cybersecurity landscape. 
 We use third-party vendors to review and test our IT systems and utilize our internal team of experienced personnel to evaluate and assess the efficacy of cybersecurity systems and to make recommendations and identify opportunities for improvements to our cybersecurity risk management program. We report the results of these assessments to our Audit Committee regularly and to our Board of Directors at least annually. 
 In the event of a potential cybersecurity incident, or a series of related cybersecurity incidents, we have cybersecurity incident response frameworks in place. These frameworks are a set of coordinated procedures and tasks that our incident response teams execute with the goal of ensuring timely and accurate identification, resolution and reporting of cybersecurity incidents both internally and externally, as necessary. We regularly test and update these frameworks to ensure timely and accurate identification, resolution, and reporting of cybersecurity incidents. 
 We have not identified and are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, which have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Despite our security measures, however, there can be no assurance that we, or third parties with which we interact, will not experience a cybersecurity incident in the future that will materially affect us. For more information about the cybersecurity risks we face, see "Item 1A Risk Factors Any failure by us to maintain the security of the information we hold relating to our Company, Members, employees and vendors, could damage our reputation with them, could disrupt our operations, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation and could materially adversely affect our operating results." 
 Cybersecurity Governance 
 Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The Audit Committee oversees management's implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from our CIO and/or our FVPIS regarding any significant cybersecurity incidents, as well as any incidents with lesser impact potential. The CIO and FVPIS report quarterly to the Audit Committee and Board regarding cybersecurity risks and the status of our cyber risk management program. Our CIO and/or FVPIS also periodically make presentations to Board members on cybersecurity topics as part of the Board's continuing education on topics that impact our company. 
 Our Cybersecurity team also provides reports to the Board s Digital Transformation Committee. The Digital Transformation Committee is charged with oversight of the Company s omni-channel development and digital transformation to enhance membership and stockholder value. In this capacity, the Digital Transformation Committee oversees the Company s design and implementation of various IT systems, with emphasis on maintaining a secure digital environment. 
 Our Cybersecurity team informs executive management about ongoing efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means. This may include briefings from internal security personnel; sharing publicly or privately available threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and forwarding alerts and reports produced by network monitoring and security tools we deploy. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our CIO and FVPIS collectively have over eight decades of IT and cybersecurity experience, including five decades in senior-level leadership roles. Our FVPIS spent over three decades in federal law enforcement working in cyber related roles. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 At August 31, 2024, PriceSmart operated 54 membership warehouse clubs, as detailed below: 
 Location Own land and building Lease land and/or building COLOMBIA SEGMENT Colombia 9 1 CENTRAL AMERICA SEGMENT Costa Rica (1) 
 8 El Salvador 4 Guatemala (2) 
 3 3 Honduras 2 1 Nicaragua 2 Panama (3) 
 6 1 CARIBBEAN SEGMENT Aruba 1 Barbados 1 Dominican Republic 5 Jamaica 2 Trinidad 3 1 USVI 1 Total 45 9 
 (1) The Company purchased land located in Cartago, Costa Rica, where we plan to open our ninth warehouse club in Costa Rica in the spring of 2025. 
 (2) The Company expects to formalize a land lease in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 for land in Quetzaltenango, Guatemala, where we plan to open our seventh warehouse club in Guatemala in the summer of 2025. 
 (3) In January 2024, the Company purchased one of its club's buildings and land, which was previously leased, in Panama City, Panama. 
 Although we have entered into real estate leases in the past and will likely do so in the future, our current preference is to own rather than lease real estate. We lease land and in some cases land and buildings when appropriate sites within market areas are not available to purchase. The term on these leases for our warehouse clubs generally run for 20 to 30 years and contain options to renew from 5 to 20 years. We actively seek to secure lease extensions or find suitable replacement properties before our leases expire. We have successfully negotiated extensions in the past and believe we will continue to be able to do so in the future; however, each lease renewal is subject to its own facts and circumstances, so we cannot be sure that we will be able to renew each lease on economically favorable terms. For instance, we've recently entered into a lease agreement to relocate our Miraflores, Guatemala club, for which the current lease was due to expire on December 31, 2025, to a new location adjacent to the current club location. We expect to relocate our Miraflores club to this new location in fiscal year 2026. We expect minimal impact to the continuity of our operations for this club. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for additional details on our Miraflores club relocation. 
 As of August 31, 2024, sales floors of the Company s warehouse club buildings occupied a total of approximately 2,646,130 square feet, of which 400,191 square feet were on leased property. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We operate two large regional distribution centers, one in Miami, Florida and the other in San Jose, Costa Rica, along with several smaller local distribution centers for the consolidation and distribution of merchandise shipments to our warehouse clubs. Our corporate headquarters is located in San Diego, California, and we maintain other regional offices in the Miami distribution facility and our international locations. We own our regional dry merchandise distribution facility in Miami, Florida, but we otherwise lease most non-warehouse club facilities and expect to continue to lease these types of facilities as we expand. Our leases for non-warehouse club facilities typically provide for initial lease terms between five and 30 years, with options to extend. We believe this leasing strategy for non-warehouse club facilities enhances our flexibility to pursue expansion opportunities when the needs of our business require. As current leases expire, we believe that we will be able to obtain lease renewals, if desired, for these present locations, or to obtain leases for equivalent or better locations in the same general area. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are often involved in claims arising in the ordinary course of business seeking monetary damages and other relief. Based upon information currently available to us, none of these claims is expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding our legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company's common stock has been quoted and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PSMT since September 2, 1997. As of October 25, 2024, there were approximately 385 holders of record of the common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares were held in street name. 
 Dates Stock Price From To High Low 2024 FISCAL QUARTERS 
 First Quarter 9/1/2023 11/30/2023 81.41 61.82 Second Quarter 12/1/2023 2/29/2024 84.93 67.48 Third Quarter 3/1/2024 5/31/2024 87.99 77.86 Fourth Quarter 6/1/2024 8/31/2024 92.76 77.51 2023 FISCAL QUARTERS 
 First Quarter 9/1/2022 11/30/2022 73.76 56.29 Second Quarter 12/1/2022 2/28/2023 75.92 60.01 Third Quarter 3/1/2023 5/31/2023 79.55 66.54 Fourth Quarter 6/1/2023 8/31/2023 82.63 69.08 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 In September 2022, the Company issued restricted stock awards (RSAs) and performance stock units (PSUs) covering 156,225 shares of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. The RSAs and PSUs were issued from the pool of shares available for issuance under the Company s Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended. The securities were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving any public offering. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions are accredited investors, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. All recipients had adequate access, through their relationships with us, to information about the Company. Resale of these shares by the holders has since been registered under the Securities Act. 
 Dividends 
 Declared Amount First Payment Second Payment Record Date Date Paid Amount Record Date Date Paid Amount 4/3/2024 1.00 4/19/2024 4/30/2024 1.00 N/A N/A N/A 2/1/2024 1.16 2/15/2024 2/29/2024 0.58 8/15/2024 8/30/2024 0.58 2/3/2023 0.92 2/16/2023 2/28/2023 0.46 8/15/2023 8/31/2023 0.46 2/3/2022 0.86 2/15/2022 2/28/2022 0.43 8/15/2022 8/31/2022 0.43 
 On April 3, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors declared a one-time 1.00 per share special dividend paid on April 30, 2024 to stockholders of record on April 19, 2024 to distribute excess cash to stockholders. The 1.00 per share special dividend was in addition to the Company s annual cash dividend in the total amount of 1.16 per share, with 0.58 per share paid on February 29, 2024 to stockholders of record as of February 15, 2024 and 0.58 per share paid on August 30, 2024 to stockholders of record as of August 15, 2024. The declaration of future dividends (ongoing or otherwise), if any, the amount of such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates is subject to final determination by the Board of Directors at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements, taking into account the uncertain macroeconomic conditions on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchase of Equity Securities 
 Upon vesting of restricted stock awarded by the Company to employees, the Company repurchases shares and withholds the amount of the repurchase payment to cover employees tax withholding obligations. In addition, in July 2023 we announced a program authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase up to 75 million of our common stock. We began repurchases in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and successfully completed the share repurchase program in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. We purchased a total of approximately 1,007,000 shares of our common stock under the program. The repurchases were made on the open market pursuant to a trading plan established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which permitted us to repurchase common stock at a time that we might otherwise have been precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. We have no plans to continue repurchases or adopt a new repurchase plan at this time. However, the Board of Directors could choose to commence another program in the future, at its discretion, after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements. 
 The following table sets forth information on our common stock repurchase activity for fiscal year 2024 (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 
 Period 
 Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 Per Share 
 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or Programs 
 
 Maximum 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares That 
 May Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the 
 Plans or 
 Programs 
 September 1, 2023 - September 30, 2023 221,272 75.57 221,272 52,655 October 1, 2023 - October 31, 2023 722,797 73.67 714,391 November 1, 2023 - November 30, 2023 December 1, 2023 - December 31, 2023 January 1, 2024 - January 31, 2024 23,106 76.44 February 1, 2024 - February 29, 2024 March 1, 2024 - March 31, 2024 615 84.00 April 1, 2024 - April 30, 2024 764 81.58 May 1, 2024 - May 31, 2024 June 1, 2024 - June 30, 2024 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 1,437 87.02 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 10,085 88.96 Total 980,076 74.36 935,663 
 
 Item 6. Reserved. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 PriceSmart, headquartered in San Diego , California, owns and operates U.S. -style membership shopping warehouse clubs in Latin America and the Caribbean , selling high quality merchandise and services at low prices to our Members. We operate 54 warehouse clubs in 12 countries and one U.S. territory (ten in Colombia; eight in Costa Rica ; seven in Panama ; six in Guatemala; five in Dominican Republic ; four each in Trinidad and El Salvador; three in Honduras; two each in Nicaragua and Jamaica; and one each in Aruba, Barbados and the United States Virgin Islands). We have purchased land and plan to open our ninth warehouse club in Costa Rica, located in Cartago, approximately 10 miles east from the nearest club in the capital of San Jose. The club will be built on a six-acre property and is anticipated to open in the spring of 2025. Additionally, we expect to formalize a land lease in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 and build our seventh warehouse club in Guatemala, located in Quetzaltenango, approximately 122 miles west from the nearest club in the capital of Guatemala City. This club will be built on a four-acre property and is anticipated to open in the summer of 2025. Once these two new clubs are open, we will operate 56 warehouse clubs in total. Our corporate headquarters, U.S. buying operations and regional distribution centers are located primarily in the United States. Our operating segments are the United States, Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Mission and Business Strategy 
 PriceSmart exists to improve the lives and businesses of our Members, our employees and our communities through the responsible delivery of the best quality goods and services at the lowest possible prices. We aim to serve as a model company, which operates profitably and provides a good return to our investors, by providing Members in emerging and developing markets with exciting, high-quality merchandise sourced from around the world and valuable services at compelling prices in safe U.S.-style clubs and through PriceSmart.com. We prioritize the well-being and safety of our Members and employees. We provide good jobs, fair wages and benefits and opportunities for advancement. We strive to treat our suppliers right and empower them when we can, including both our regional suppliers and those from around the world. We try to conduct ourselves in a socially responsible manner as we endeavor to improve the quality of the lives of our Members and their businesses, while respecting the environment and the laws of all the countries in which we operate. We also believe in facilitating philanthropic contributions to the communities in which we do business. We charge Members an annual membership fee that enables us to operate our business with lower margins than traditional retail stores. As we continue to invest in technological capabilities, we are increasing our tools to drive sales and operational efficiencies. We believe we are well positioned to blend the excitement and appeal of our brick-and-mortar business with the convenience and additional benefits of online shopping and services and, meanwhile, enhance Member experience and engagement. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Factors Affecting the Business 
 Overall economic trends, foreign currency exchange volatility, and other factors impacting the business 
 Our sales and profits vary from market to market depending on general economic factors, including GDP growth; consumer preferences; foreign currency exchange rates; political and social conditions; local demographic characteristics (such as population growth); the number of years we have operated in a particular market; and the level of retail and wholesale competition in that market. The economies of many of our markets are dependent on foreign trade, tourism, and foreign direct investments. Uncertain economic conditions and slowdown in global economic growth and investment may impact the economies in our markets, causing significant declines in GDP and employment and devaluations of local currencies against the U.S. dollar. 
 Although we have seen recent inflationary pressures subsiding, substantial product cost increases and commodity price increases have and could continue to impact our financial results and could lead to reduced sales, fewer units sold, and/or margin pressure. Events directly or indirectly related to COVID-19 resulted in market and supply-chain disruptions, which increased the complexity of managing our inventory flow and business and resulted in substantial inventory markdowns on certain non-food product categories in the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. In addition, shipping and freight rates increased dramatically during that time. While supply chains and transportation rates have normalized, we continue to work to hold down and/or mitigate the price increases passed on to our Members while maintaining the right inventory mix to grow sales. One key factor has been our expanded network of distribution centers, which has facilitated alternative shipping routes, increased merchandise throughput, and provided flexibility to mitigate our supply chain challenges and risks more effectively. 
 Currency fluctuation can be one of the largest variables affecting our overall sales and profit performance because many of our markets are susceptible to foreign currency exchange rate volatility. For fiscal year 2024, some markets, especially Costa Rica, benefited from currency appreciation, which helped offset currency devaluations we experienced in some of the other countries. During fiscal year 2024, approximately 79.5 of our net merchandise sales were in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Of those sales, 49.0 consisted of sales of products we purchased in U.S. dollars. 
 A devaluation of local currency reduces the value of sales and membership income that is generated in that country when translated to U.S. dollars for our consolidated results. In addition, when local currency experiences devaluation, we may elect to increase the local currency price of imported merchandise to maintain our target margins, which could impact demand for the merchandise affected by the price increase. However, during fiscal year 2023, the currency in Colombia devalued approximately 15 , but we held pricing steady or took pricing actions to mitigate declines in demand that negatively impacted our consolidated Total Gross Margin rate. We may also modify the mix of imported versus local merchandise and/or the source of imported merchandise to mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations. Information about the effect of local currency devaluations is discussed further in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Net Merchandise Sales and Comparable Sales. 
 Our wallet-share capture of total retail and wholesale sales can vary from market to market due to competition and the availability of other shopping options for our Members. Demographic characteristics within each of our markets can affect both the overall level of sales and future sales growth opportunities. Certain island markets, such as Aruba, Barbados and the U.S. Virgin Islands, offer limited upside for sales growth given their overall market size. 
 We continue to face the risk of political instability which may have significant effects on our business. For example, protestors set up roadblocks in Panama during October and November 2023 as a reaction to an agreement between the Panamanian government and a mining company, disrupting traffic to our clubs throughout most of the market. Roadblocks in Guatemala in October 2023 relating to election protests also limited access to certain of our warehouse clubs. Civil unrest in Colombia in response to tax reform and austerity measures paralyzed significant portions of the country s infrastructure as roadblocks and riots disrupted normal economic activity during the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. 
 Our operations are subject to volatile weather conditions and natural disasters. In November 2020, Hurricanes Eta and Iota brought severe rainfall, winds, and flooding to a significant portion of Central America, especially Honduras, which caused significant damage to parts of that country s infrastructure. Although our warehouse clubs were not significantly affected and we were able to manage our supply chain to keep our warehouse clubs stocked with merchandise, similar natural disasters could adversely impact our overall sales, costs and profit performance in the future. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations depend on shipping, trucking, ports and other elements of the supply chain that often rely on unionized labor. A work stoppage or other limitation on operations from union or other labor-related matters could occur for any number of reasons, including as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements. For example, while it did not impact our export activities, we experienced a brief disruption to the flow of imported merchandise into our Miami distribution center operations because of the U.S. dockworkers strike in October 2024. 
 Changes in tax laws, increases in the enacted tax rates, adverse outcomes in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In one of the countries where we operate, the government made changes several years ago in the method of computing minimum tax payments, under which the government sought to require retailers to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). We, together with our tax and legal advisers, appealed these interpretations and litigated our cases in the country s court system. Nevertheless, in fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle the minimum tax payment dispute. To address the inherent risk of operating in a country in which tax legislation changes can significantly impact our low margin business model and in which our ability to successfully appeal the application of these taxes is limited, we have increased prices in this market to offset or partially offset the rise in costs to comply with the annual AMT payment. These and other challenges may persist or become more acute and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we have experienced a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This impedes our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products or otherwise fund our operations. This illiquidity also increases our foreign exchange exposure to any devaluation of the local currency relative to the U.S. dollar. Additionally, the Company may incur significant premium costs to convert our local currencies into available tradable currencies and U.S. dollars. For instance, since fiscal year 2017, we have experienced this situation in Trinidad and have been unable to source a sufficient level of tradable currencies. We are working with our banks in Trinidad and government officials to convert all of our Trinidad dollars into tradable currencies. For instance, during fiscal year 2021, we experienced significant limitations on our ability to convert Trinidad dollars to U.S. dollars or other tradable currencies. Our balance as of August 31, 2024 of Trinidad dollar denominated cash and cash equivalents and short and long-term investments measured in U.S. dollars was 60.2 million, a decrease of 40.3 mill ion from the peak of 100.5 million as of November 30, 2020. However, as the Trinidad central bank strictly manages the exchange rate of the Trinidad dollar with the U.S. dollar and affects the level of U.S. Dollar liquidity in the market through its interventions, we are subject to continued challenges in converting our Trinidad dollars to U.S. dollars, as well as being exposed to the risk of a potential devaluation of the currency. 
 Additionally, during fiscal year 2023 , the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. As of August 31, 2024 , our Honduran subsidiary had approximately 22.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments denominated in lempiras, which cannot be readily converted to U.S. dollars for general use within the Company. We are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. 
 At times we face difficulties in the shipment of, and the risks inherent in the importation of, merchandise to our warehouse clubs. One of those difficulties is possible governmental restrictions on the importation of merchandise. In late May 2023, disputes with Nicaraguan customs and tax authorities resulted in delays in the issuance of our importation clearance, and general delays in the customs inspection process. While this situation has occurred frequently in the last few years, we generally have been able to plan around these import blockages and resume within a manner of days. However, the most recent delay in obtaining importation clearance, resulted in us being unable to import merchandise into Nicaragua for several weeks in June of 2023. While at this time our tax clearances and imports seem to have returned to a more normal cadence, we continue to monitor this situation closely and are working with local officials to seek continuity of imports into Nicaragua as well as the other jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
 Financial highlights for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 included: 
 Total revenues increased 9.6 over the prior year period. 
 Net merchandise sales increased 9.5 over the prior year period. We ended the quarter with 54 warehouse clubs compared to 51 warehouse clubs at the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. Net merchandise sales - constant currency increased 9.3 over the prior year period. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Comparable net merchandise sales (that is, sales in the 51 warehouse clubs that have been open for greater than 13 calendar months) for the 13 weeks ended September 1, 2024 increased 6.2 . Comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency for the 13 weeks ended September 1, 2024 increased 6.0 . 
 Membership income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 increased 14.1 to 19.7 million over the comparable prior year period. 
 Total gross margins (net merchandise sales less associated cost of goods sold) increased 10.3 over the prior-year period, and merchandise gross profits as a percent of net merchandise sales were 15.7 , an increase of 10 basis points or 0.1 from the same period in the prior year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3.4 million or 2.2 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, primarily due to higher compensation costs, professional fees, depreciation expense and bank fees which were partially offset by costs associated with the reserve for the AMT settlement and asset impairment and closure costs which occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 Operating income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 was 49.2 million, an increase of 53.1 , or 17.1 million, compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 We recorded a 7.4 million net loss in total other expense, net in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 compared to a 1.5 million net loss in total other expense, net in the same period last year primarily due to an increase in other expense of 4.2 million, primarily driven by an increase in total foreign currency transaction losses and a decrease of 1.2 million in interest income. 
 Our effective tax rate decreased in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 to 30.4 from 49.9 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. The decrease in the effective rate versus the prior year was primarily attributable to the non-recurrence of the comparably unfavorable impacts in the prior year of 11.6 due to the AMT settlement and 5.4 from asset impairment and related closure costs. 
 Net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 was 29.1 million, or 0.94 per diluted share, compared to 15.4 million, or 0.49 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. The fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 included a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement and 0.18 per diluted share of asset impairment and closure costs. 
 Adjusted net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 was 29.1 million, or an adjusted 0.94 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income of 20.4 million, or 0.65 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. The fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 included a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 was 70.7 million compared to 57.2 million in the same period last year. 
 Financial highlights for fiscal year 2024 included: 
 Total revenues increased 11.4 over the prior year period. 
 Net merchandise sales increased 11.2 over the prior year period. We ended the year with 54 warehouse clubs compared to 51 warehouse clubs at the end of fiscal year 2023. Net merchandise sales - constant currency increased 8.6 over the prior year period. 
 Comparable net merchandise sales (that is, sales in the 51 warehouse clubs that have been open for greater than 13 calendar months) for the 52 weeks ended September 1, 2024 increased 7.7 . Comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency for the 52 weeks ended September 1, 2024 increased 5.2 . 
 Membership income increased 13.9 to 75.2 million. 
 Total gross margins (net merchandise sales less associated cost of goods sold) increased 11.1 over the prior year, and merchandise gross profits as a percent of net merchandise sales remained constant at 15.8 compared to the prior year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 51.2 million in fiscal year 2024 or 8.9 compared to fiscal year 2023, primarily due to higher compensation cost, professional fees, depreciation expense, and bank fees. 
 Operating income was 220.9 million in fiscal year 2024, an increase of 19.7 , or 36.4 million, compared to fiscal year 2023. 
 We recorded a 19.5 million net loss in total other expense, net in fiscal year 2024 compared to a 15.3 million net loss in total other expense, net in the same period last year primarily due to an increase of 3.5 million of other expense, which is primarily foreign currency transaction losses, and an increase of 1.9 million in interest expense, partially offset by an increase of 1.2 million in interest income. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 was 31.1 as compared to the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2023 of 35.4 . The decrease is primarily driven by the non-recurrence of the comparably unfavorable impact in the prior year of write-offs of VAT receivables, Aeropost write-offs and asset impairment and related closure costs of 2.2 , and a 1.8 unfavorable impact due to the AMT settlement. 
 Net income for fiscal year 2024 was 138.9 million, or 4.57 per diluted share, compared to 109.2 million, or 3.50 per diluted share, for fiscal year 2023. Fiscal year 2023 included a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement and 0.18 per diluted share of asset impairment and closure costs. 
 Adjusted net income for fiscal year 2024 was 138.9 million, or an adjusted 4.57 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income of 126.5 million, or an adjusted 4.06 per diluted share, for fiscal year 2023. Fiscal year 2023 included a negative impact of 0.30 per diluted share for costs related to the reserve for the AMT settlement. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2024 was 303.6 million compared to 275.7 million in the prior year. 
 
 Non - GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) Financial Measures 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, including the related notes, are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). In addition to relevant GAAP measures, we also provide non-GAAP measures including adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share, adjusted EBITDA, net merchandise sales - constant currency and comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency because management believes these metrics are useful to investors and analysts by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. These measures are customary for our industry and commonly used by competitors. However, these non-GAAP financial measures should not be reviewed in isolation or considered as an alternative to any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per Diluted Share 
 Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share metrics are important measures used by management to compare the performance of our core operations results between periods. We define adjusted net income as net income, as reported, adjusted for: separation costs associated with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer, the write-off of certain Aeropost receivables, the write-off of certain VAT receivables following unfavorable court rulings, asset impairment on our assets held for sale and closure costs, the gain on the acquisition of a building, and the tax impact of the foregoing adjustments on net income. We define adjusted net income per diluted share as adjusted net income divided by the weighted-average diluted shares outstanding. 
 We believe adjusted net income and adjusted net incom e per diluted share are useful metrics to investors and analysts because they present more accurate year-over-year comparisons for our net income and net income per diluted share because adjusted items are not the result of our normal operations. We note that no adjustments to net income or net income per diluted share have been made for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended August 31, 2024. 
 Three Months Ended 
 Years Ended (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Net income as reported 29,068 15,381 138,875 109,205 Adjustments: Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure (1) 
 7,747 Aeropost-related write-offs (2) 
 2,786 VAT receivable write-off (3) 
 2,309 Asset impairment and closure costs (4) 
 5,658 5,658 Gain on acquisition of building (5) 
 (948) (948) Tax impact of adjustments to net income (6) 
 266 (284) Adjusted net income 29,068 20,357 138,875 126,473 Net income per diluted share 0.94 0.49 4.57 3.50 Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure 0.23 Aeropost-related write-offs 
 0.09 VAT receivable write-off 0.08 Asset impairment and closure costs 0.18 0.18 Gain on acquisition of building 
 (0.02) (0.02) Adjusted net income per diluted share 0.94 0.65 4.57 4.06 
 (1) Reflects 7.7 million of separation costs associated with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer in February 2023. 
 (2) Reflects 2.1 million of Aeropost-related write-offs in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 and 660,000 of a receivable written-off in connection with the settlement in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 of a claim for indemnification from the buyer of the Aeropost business. 
 (3) Reflects 2.3 million of VAT receivables deemed not recoverable and written-off in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 following unfavorable court rulings. 
 (4) Reflects 5.7 million of impairment charges primarily related to the write down of assets in connection with our decision in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 to seek to sell our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant. 
 (5) Reflects a 950,000 gain related to a building we acquired upon the early termination of a lease in which we were the lessor of the land on which the building was constructed by and abandoned by one of our tenants. 
 (6) Reflects the tax effect of the above-mentioned adjustments. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, net, provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including interest income; other income (expense), net; separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure; asset impairment and closure costs; Aeropost write-offs; and the write-off of certain VAT receivables following unfavorable court rulings . The following is a reconciliation of our Net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended 
 Years Ended (Amounts in thousands) August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Net income as reported 29,068 15,381 138,875 109,205 Adjustments: Interest expense 3,271 2,710 12,959 11,020 Provision for income taxes 12,723 15,304 62,618 59,951 Depreciation and amortization 21,497 19,434 82,611 72,698 Interest income (2,437) (3,611) (11,049) (9,871) Other expense, net (1) 
 6,563 2,361 17,607 14,156 Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure (2) 
 7,747 Aeropost-related write-offs (3) 
 2,786 VAT receivable write-off (4) 
 2,309 Asset impairment and closure costs (5) 
 5,658 5,658 Adjusted EBITDA 70,685 57,237 303,621 275,659 
 (1) Primarily consists of foreign currency losses or gains due to the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities (primarily U.S. dollars). This line item includes a gain of 950,000 associated with the acquisition of a building upon a lease termination in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 (2) Reflects 7.7 million of separation costs associated with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer in February 2023. 
 (3) Reflects 2.1 million of Aeropost-related write-offs in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 and 660,000 of a receivable written-off in connection with the settlement in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 of a claim for indemnification from the buyer of the Aeropost business. 
 (4) Reflects 2.3 million of VAT receivables related to prior periods deemed not recoverable and written-off in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 following unfavorable court rulings. 
 (5) Reflects 5.7 million of impairment primarily related to the write down of assets in connection with our decision in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 to seek to sell our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant. 
 Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency 
 As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The translation of the operations of our foreign-based entities from their local currencies into U.S. dollars is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and can have a significant impact on our reported financial results. We believe that constant currency is a useful measure, indicating the actual growth of our operations. When we use the term "net merchandise sales - constant currency," it means that we have translated current year net merchandise sales at prior year monthly average exchanges rates. Net merchandise sales - constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation. Similarly, when we use the term "comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency," it means that we have translated current year comparable net merchandise sales at prior year monthly average exchange rates. Comparable net merchandise sales constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation. Refer to Management s Discussion Analysis Net Merchandise Sales and Refer to Management s Discussion Analysis Comparable Net Merchandise Sales for our quantitative analysis and discussion. Reconciliations between net merchandise sales - constant currency and comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency and the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included where applicable. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Fiscal Year 2024 to 2023 
 The following discussion and analysis compares the results of operations for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. For a comparison of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, please see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on October 30, 2023. Unless otherwise noted, all tables present U.S. dollar amounts in thousands. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: Central America, the Caribbean, Colombia and the United States. The Company s reportable segments are based on management s organization of these locations into operating segments by general geographic location, which are used by management and the Company's chief operating decision maker in setting up management lines of responsibility, providing support services, and making operational decisions and assessments of financial performance. Segment amounts are presented after converting to U.S. dollars and consolidating eliminations. From time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. When we do so, the previous period amounts and balances are reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation. 
 
 Net Merchandise Sales 
 The following tables indicate the net merchandise sales in the reportable segments in which we operate and the percentage growth in net merchandise sales by segment during fiscal years 2024 and 2023: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount of net sales Increase from prior year Change Amount of net sales Central America 2,908,443 60.8 288,441 11.0 2,620,002 60.9 Caribbean 1,331,357 27.8 80,657 6.4 1,250,700 29.1 Colombia 543,319 11.4 113,315 26.4 430,004 10.0 Net merchandise sales 4,783,119 100.0 482,413 11.2 4,300,706 100.0 
 Overall, net merchandise sales grew by 11.2 for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023, driven by an 8.6 increase in transactions and a 2.4 increase in average ticket. Transactions represent the total number of visits our Members make to our warehouse clubs resulting in a sale and the total number of PriceSmart.com curbside pickup and delivery service transactions. Average ticket represents the amount our Members spend on each visit or PriceSmart.com order. We had 54 clubs in operation as of August 31, 2024 compared to 51 clubs as of August 31, 2023. 
 Net merchandise sales in our Central America segment increased 11.0 during fiscal year 2024. This increase had a 670 basis point (6.7 positive impact on total net merchandise sales growth. All markets within this segment had positive net merchandise sales growth for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024. We opened our third and fourth warehouse clubs in El Salvador in May 2023 and February 2024, respectively. We also opened our sixth warehouse club in Guatemala in November 2023. 
 Net merchandise sales in our Caribbean segment increased 6.4 during fiscal year 2024. This increase had a 190 basis point (1.9 positive impact on total net merchandise sales growth. All of our markets in this segment had positive net merchandise sales growth. 
 Net merchandise sales in our Colombia segment increased 26.4 during fiscal year 2024. This increase had a 260 basis point (2.6 positive impact on total net merchandise sales gro wth. The primary driver of the increased sales for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024 was due to the significant appreciation of the Colombian peso for much of the year, which has positively impacted reported sales when compared to the comparable prior year period. We a dded one new club to the segment when compared to the prior year. We opened our tenth warehouse club in Colombia in September 2023. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following table indicates the impact that currency exchange rates had on our net merchandise sales in dollars and the percentage change from the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024. When we use the term "net merchandise sales - constant currency," it means that we have translated current year net merchandise sales at prior year monthly average exchanges rates. Net merchandise sales - constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation. Impact of foreign currency is the effect of currency fluctuations on our net merchandise sales. 
 Year Ended 
 August 31, 2024 
 Net Merchandise Sales Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Net Merchandise Sales Growth/ (Decline) 
 Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency Growth Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Central America 2,908,443 2,830,078 78,365 11.0 8.0 3.0 Caribbean 1,331,357 1,360,813 (29,456) 6.4 8.8 (2.4) Colombia 543,319 478,107 65,212 26.4 11.2 15.2 Consolidated total 4,783,119 4,668,998 114,121 11.2 8.6 2.6 
 Overall, the effects of currency fluctuations within our markets had an approximately 114.1 million, or 260 basis point (2.6 ), positive impact on net merchandise sales for the twelve-months ended August 31, 2024 . 
 Currency fluctuations had a 78.4 million, or 300 basis point (3.0 ), positive impact on net merchandise sales in our Central America segment for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024. These currency fluctuations contributed approximately 180 basis points (1.8 of positive impact on total net merchandise sales for fiscal year 2024. The Costa Rica col n appreciated significantly against the dollar when compared to the prior year, and was a significant factor in the contribution to the favorable currency fluctuations in this segment. 
 Currency fluctuations had a 29.5 million, or 240 basis point (2.4 ), negative impact on net merchandise sales in our Caribbean segment for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024. These currency fluctuations contributed approximately 70 basis points (0.7 of negative impact on total net merchandise sales growth for the current fiscal year period. This negative impact was primarily driven by the devaluation of the Dominican Peso as compared to the prior year. 
 Currency fluctuations had a 65.2 million, or 1,520 basis point (15.2 ), positive impact on net merchandise sales in our Colombia segment for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024. These currency fluctuations contributed approximately 150 basis points (1.5 of positive impact on total net merchandise sales for the current fiscal year period. 
 
 Net Merchandise Sales by Category 
 The following table indicates the approximate percentage of net sales accounted for by each major category of items sold during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Foods Sundries 49 50 Fresh Foods 30 29 Hardlines 11 11 Softlines 5 5 Food Service and Bakery 4 4 Health Services 1 1 Net Merchandise Sales 100 100 
 The mix of sales by major category changed slightly. Foods Sundries increased approximately 8 between fiscal year 2024 and 2023 but decreased by 1 as a percent of Net Merchandise Sales. Fresh Foods increased approximately 12 between fiscal year 2024 and 2023 and increased by 1 as a percent of Net Merchandise Sales. Shifts in consumer preferences contributed to the changes in category mix. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Comparable Net Merchandise Sales 
 We report comparable net merchandise sales on a same week basis with 13 weeks in each quarter beginning on a Monday and ending on a Sunday. The periods are established at the beginning of the fiscal year to provide as close a match as possible to the calendar month and quarter that is used for financial reporting purposes. This approach equalizes the number of weekend days and weekdays in each period for improved sales comparison, as we experience higher merchandise club sales on the weekends. Further, each of the warehouse clubs used in the calculations was open for at least 13 calendar months before its results for the current period were compared with its results for the prior period . As a result, sales related to three of our clubs opened during fiscal year 2024 will not be used in the calculation of comparable sales until they have been open for at least 13 months. Therefore, comparable net merchandise sales includes 51 warehouse clubs for the 52- week period ended September 1, 2024 . 
 The following table indicates the comparable net merchandise sales in the reportable segments in which we operate and the percentage changes in net merchandise sales by segment during the 52-week periods ended September 1, 2024 and September 3, 2023 compared to the prior year: 
 52 Weeks Ended 
 September 1, 2024 September 3, 2023 Increase in Comparable Net Merchandise Sales Increase/(Decrease) in Comparable Net Merchandise Sales Central America 7.7 10.9 Caribbean 6.0 5.9 Colombia 12.9 (9.2) Consolidated comparable net merchandise sales 7.7 7.1 
 Comparable net merchandise sales for those warehouse clubs that were open for at least 13 months for some or all of the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024 increased 7.7 . 
 Comparable net merchandise sales in our Central America segment increased 7.7 for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024. With the exception of El Salvador, all of our markets in Central America had positive comparable net merchandise sales growth. We opened one new club in El Salvador in February 2024 that has not entered into the calculation of comparable net merchandise sales, and the transfer of sales from the existing clubs included in the comparable net merchandise sales calculation to the new club not yet included adversely affected comparable net merchandise sales in El Salvador. The positive comparable net merchandise sales growth for our Central America segment contributed approximately 460 basis points (4.6 of positive impact in total comparable merchandise sales. 
 For the 52 weeks ended September 1, 2024, strong performance in our largest market, Costa Rica, contributed approximately 250 basis points (2.5 of positive impact to total comparable net merchandise sales. During the year, Costa Rica experienced significant appreciation of the Costa Rica col n versus the comparable prior year period, which positively affected comparable net merchandise sales. The relatively smaller markets of Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and El Salvador, along with our second largest market, Panama, contributed approximately 210 basis points (2.1 of positive impact on total comparable net merchandise sales. 
 Comparable net merchandise sales in our Caribbean segment increased 6.0 for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024. This increase contributed approximately 180 basis points (1.8 of positive impact in total comparable net merchandise sales. Our Jamaica market continued its strong performance in the 52-week period, with 12.2 comparable net merchandise sales growth. 
 Comparable net merchandise sales in our Colombia segment increased 12.9 for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024. This increase contributed approximately 130 basis points (1.3 of positive impact to the increase in total comparable net merchandise sales. The current year increase is primarily due to the appreciation of the Colombian peso for most of the year. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 When we use the term "comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency," it means that we have translated current year comparable net merchandise sales at prior year monthly average exchanges rates. Comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation. The following tables illustrate the comparable net merchandise sales - constant currency percentage growth and the impact that changes in foreign currency exchange rates had on our comparable merchandise sales percentage growth for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024: 
 Fifty-Two Weeks Ended September 1, 2024 
 Comparable Net Merchandise Sales Growth Comparable Net Merchandise Sales - Constant Currency Growth/ (Decline) Impact of Foreign Currency Exchange Central America 7.7 4.7 3.0 Caribbean 6.0 8.4 (2.4) Colombia 12.9 (0.8) 13.7 Consolidated comparable net merchandise sales 7.7 5.2 2.5 
 Overall, the mix of currency fluctuations within our markets had 250 basis points (2.5 of positive impact on comparable net merchandise sales for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024. 
 Currency fluctuations within our Central America segment accounted for approximately 180 basis points (1.8 of positive impact on total comparable merchandise sales for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024. Our Costa Rica market was the main contributor as the market experienced currency appreciation when compared to the same period last year. 
 Currency fluctuations within our Caribbean segment accounted for approximately 70 basis points (0.7 of negative impact on total comparable merchandise sales for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024. Our Jamaica and Dominican Republic markets experienced currency devaluation when compared to the same period last year. 
 Currency fluctuations within our Colombia segment accounted for approximately 140 basis points (1.4 of positive impact on total comparable net merchandise sales for the 52-week period ended September 1, 2024. This reflects the appreciation of the Colombia peso's foreign currency exchange rate when compared to the same period last year. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Membership Income 
 Membership income is recognized ratably over the one-year life of the membership. 
 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount of Total Operating Income 
 Increase from prior year Change Membership 
 Income to 
 Net Merchandise 
 Sales 
 Amount of Total Operating Income 
 Membership income - Central America 43,434 3,727 9.4 1.5 39,707 Membership income - Caribbean 19,678 2,043 11.6 1.5 17,635 Membership income - Colombia 12,128 3,422 39.3 2.2 8,706 Membership income - Total 75,240 34.1 9,192 13.9 1.6 66,048 35.8 Number of accounts - 
 Central America 
 1,059,079 53,470 5.3 1,005,609 Number of accounts - Caribbean 482,914 15,253 3.3 467,661 Number of accounts - Colombia 351,167 16,822 5.0 334,345 Number of accounts - Total 1,893,160 85,545 4.7 1,807,615 
 The number of Member accounts at the end of fiscal year 2024 was 4.7 higher than the prior year. Membership income increased 13.9 compared to the prior year. 
 Membership income increased in all of our segments in the twelve months ended August 31, 2024. The consolidated increase in membership income is primarily due to the 5 increase to our membership fee in all but one market during fiscal year 2024 and an increase in the membership base since the prior year. In our Central America segment, membership income increased compared to fiscal year 2023, attributable to the opening of two new clubs. Similarly, in the Caribbean segment, membership income rose compared to fiscal year 2023, primarily attributable to the 5 increase to our membership fee. In the Colombia segment, membership income increased compared to fiscal year 2023 due to the appreciation of the Colombian peso against the U.S. dollar and the opening of a new club. Additionally, all of our segments have increased their membership base since August 31, 2023. 
 We offer the Platinum Membership program in all locations where PriceSmart operates. The annual fee for a Platinum Membership in most markets is approximately 75 to 80, depending on the market in which the Member lives. The Platinum Membership program provides Members with a 2 rebate on most items, up to an annual maximum of 500. We record the 2 rebate as a reduction of net merchandise sales at the time of the sales transaction. Platinum Membership accounts are 12.3 of our total membership base as of August 31, 2024, an increase from 8.9 as of August 31, 2023. Platinum Members tend to have higher renewal rates than our Diamond Members. During fiscal year 2024, we ran platinum promotional campaigns, resulting in an increase in the total number of Platinum Members. 
 Our trailing twelve-month renewal rate was 87.9 and 86.9 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Other Revenue 
 Other revenue primarily consists of our interest-generating portfolio from our co-branded credit cards and rental income from operating leases where the Company is the lessor. 
 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount Increase from prior year Change Amount Miscellaneous income 13,684 2,511 22.5 11,173 Rental income 2,417 243 11.2 2,174 Other revenue 16,101 2,754 20.6 13,347 
 Comparison of Fiscal Year 2024 to 2023 
 The primary driver of the increase in other revenue for the year ended August 31, 2024 was an increase in Miscellaneous income driven primarily by an increase in incentive fee revenue due to Members having higher average outstanding balances on our co-branded credit cards compared to the prior year. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Years Ended Results of Operations Consolidated August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 (Amounts in thousands, except percentages and number of warehouse clubs) Net merchandise sales Net merchandise sales 4,783,119 4,300,706 Total gross margin 753,629 678,352 Total gross margin percentage 15.8 15.8 Revenues Total revenues 4,913,898 4,411,842 Percentage change from prior period 11.4 8.5 Comparable net merchandise sales Total comparable net merchandise sales increase 7.7 
 7.1 
 Total revenue margin Total revenue margin 846,924 759,331 Total revenue margin percentage 17.2 17.2 Selling, general and administrative Selling, general and administrative 625,980 574,815 Selling, general and administrative percentage of total revenues 12.7 13.0 Operational data Warehouse clubs at period end 54 51 Warehouse club sales floor square feet at period end 2,646 2,524 
 Years Ended Results of Operations Consolidated August 31, 2024 of 
 Total Revenue 
 August 31, 2023 of 
 Total Revenue 
 Operating income by segment Central America 227,986 4.6 191,721 4.3 Caribbean 95,642 1.9 87,223 2.0 Colombia 15,231 0.3 15,467 0.4 United States 24,868 0.5 29,844 0.7 Reconciling Items (1) 
 (142,783) (2.8) (139,739) (3.2) Operating income - Total 220,944 4.5 184,516 4.2 
 (1) The reconciling items reflect the amount eliminated upon consolidation of intersegment transactions. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the selling, general and administrative expense for the periods disclosed: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 of 
 Total Revenue 
 August 31, 2023 of 
 Total Revenue 
 Warehouse club and other operations 466,457 9.5 417,272 9.4 General and administrative 156,385 3.2 134,783 3.1 Reserve for AMT settlement 
 7,179 0.2 Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure 7,747 0.2 Pre-opening expenses 970 1,432 Asset impairment and closure costs 
 5,658 0.1 Loss on disposal of assets 2,168 744 Total Selling, general and administrative 625,980 12.7 574,815 13.0 
 Total gross margin is derived from our Revenue Net merchandise sales less our Cost of goods sold Net merchandise sales and represents our sales and cost of sales generated from the business activities of our warehouse clubs. We express our Total gross margin percentage as a percentage of our Net merchandise sales. 
 On a consolidated basis, total gross margin as a percent of net merchandise sales for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 was 15.8 , unchanged from the prior year. 
 Total revenue margin is derived from Total revenues, which includes our Net merchandise sales, Membership income, Export sales, and Other revenue and income less our Cost of goods sold for Net merchandise sales, Export sales, and Non-merchandise revenues. We express our Total revenue margin as a percentage of Total revenues. 
 Total revenue margin remained unchanged at 17.2 for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses consist of warehouse club and other operations, general and administrative expenses, reserve for settlement of AMT, separation costs associated with the Chief Executive Officer departure, pre-opening expenses, asset impairment and closure costs, and loss (gain) on disposal of assets. In total, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 51.2 million compared to the prior year, and decreased as a percentage of total revenues 30 basis points (0.3 to 12.7 of total revenues for fiscal year 2024 compared to 13.0 of total revenues for fiscal year 2023 offset, in part, by our Interim Chief Executive Officer's election not to receive compensation. 
 Warehouse club and other operations expenses increased to 9.5 of total revenues for fiscal year 2024 compared to 9.4 for fiscal year 2023, primarily due to our Colombia market which increased 20 basis points (0.2 as a percentage of revenue year over year due to the appreciation of the Colombian peso and opening of one new club during the year as well as an increase of 10 basis points (0.1 each in El Salvador and Guatemala due to the opening of one new club in each of these markets. This was partially offset by our Panama, Honduras, and Dominican Republic markets, each of which decreased 10 basis points (0.1 as a percentage of revenue year over year. 
 General and administrative expenses increased to 3.2 of total revenues for the current year compared to 3.1 for fiscal year 2023. The 10 basis points (0.1 increase is primarily due to investments in technology and an increase in compensation expense from stock grants to executive leadership. 
 In fiscal year 2023, we recorded costs for separation and other related termination benefits for our former Chief Executive Officer who resigned effective February 3, 2023. We accrued for the related charges and substantially fulfilled all payment obligations in fiscal year 2023; however, some vesting of performance stock units occurred in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. On a go-forward basis, our Interim Chief Executive Officer has declined to receive compensation for his services during his term; therefore, we expect Selling, general and administrative expenses will be positively impacted by 2.5 million of savings each quarter during his term, reduced by salary increases for other executives related to the change in leadership. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 In fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle litigation regarding several AMT cases in one of our markets where the application of complex tax laws are subject to interpretation. In that country, we had challenged AMT rules requiring us to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the percentage of sales method resulted in a higher amount of tax payable than the amount payable based on taxable income at the statutory rate. Of this amount, 1.0 million relates to our write-off of an income tax receivable we had recorded with respect to taxes we previously paid on the percentage of sales basis in one tax year and for which we had sought a refund that we now no longer expect to receive. We also made payments of 6.2 million to resolve amounts due for tax years in which we made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income rather than the percentage of sales method. As part of the settlement, going forward we will pay the higher of the minimum tax or the amount based on taxable income at the statutory rate. 
 Additionally, in fiscal year 2023, we recorded 5.7 million of asset impairment and closure costs primarily related to the write down of the assets held for sale of our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant to their estimated fair value upon our decision to seek to sell the plant. We planned to use the plant to increase efficiencies by eliminating intermediaries in packaging and labeling and manufacturing some of our packaging materials using compostable or recyclable inputs. However, we found that achieving economic feasibility for this business proved challenging. Therefore, we decided to refocus our efforts on our core competencies as a retailer and redeploy the assets we could use in our club business and seek a buyer for the remainder. 
 Operating income in fiscal year 2024 increased to 220.9 million (4.5 of total revenues) compared to 184.5 million (4.2 of total revenues) for the prior year. 
 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income represents the earnings generated from interest-bearing assets held by PriceSmart, Inc. and our wholly owned foreign subsidiaries. These assets include investments in fixed income securities and deposits held with financial institutions. The interest income is derived from the interest payments received on these assets, which serve to enhance our overall financial returns. 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount Change Amount Interest income 11,049 1,178 9,871 
 Interest income increased for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024 primarily due to an increase in investments at higher yields throughout the year when compared to the prior year. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount Change Amount Interest expense on loans 11,544 (354) 11,898 Interest expense related to hedging activity 2,354 1,149 1,205 Less: Capitalized interest (939) 1,144 (2,083) Interest expense 12,959 1,939 11,020 
 Interest expense reflects borrowings by PriceSmart, Inc. and our wholly owned foreign subsidiaries to finance new land acquisition and construction for new warehouse clubs and distribution centers, warehouse club expansions, the capital requirements of warehouse club and other operations, and ongoing working capital requirements. 
 Interest expense increased for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024 , primarily due to higher interest expense related to hedging activity and less capitalized interest when compared to the prior year. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Other Expense, net 
 Other expense, net consists of currency gains or losses, as well as net benefit costs related to our defined benefit plans and other items considered to be non-operating in nature. 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount Change Amount Other expense, net (17,607) (3,451) (14,156) 
 Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective entity (primarily U.S. dollars) are revalued to the functional currency using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. These foreign exchange transaction gains/(losses) are recorded as currency gains or losses. Additionally, gains or losses from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective entity also generate currency gains or losses. 
 For the twelve months ended August 31, 2024, the primary drivers of Other expense, net were transaction costs associated with increased spreads and converting the local currencies into available tradable currencies before converting them to U.S. dollars in some of our countries with liquidity issues of 13.1 million as well as 4.8 million of losses due to revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities (primarily U.S. dollars) in several of our markets during the twelve months ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The tables below summarize the effective tax rate for the periods reported: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount Change Amount Current tax expense 66,701 3,458 63,243 Net deferred tax benefit (4,083) (791) (3,292) Provision for income taxes 62,618 2,667 59,951 Effective tax rate 31.1 35.4 
 For fiscal year 2024, the effective tax rate was 31.1 compared to 35.4 for fiscal year 2023. The decrease in the effective rate versus the prior year was primarily attributable to the non-recurrence of the comparably unfavorable impact in the prior year of write-offs of VAT receivables, Aeropost write-offs and asset impairment and related closure costs of 2.2 , and a 1.8 unfavorable impact due to the AMT settlement. 
 
 Following the implementation of certain tax optimization initiatives at the end of fiscal year 2024, we expect a decrease in the effective tax rate by approximately 2-4 in fiscal year 2025. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 resulted primarily from foreign currency translation adjustments related to assets and liabilities and the translation of the statements of income related to revenue, costs and expenses of our subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. When the functional currency in our international subsidiaries is the local currency and not U.S. dollars, the assets and liabilities of such subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, and revenue, costs and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange in effect during the period. The corresponding translation gains and losses are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. These adjustments will not affect net income until the sale or liquidation of the underlying investment. The reported other comprehensive income or loss reflects the unrealized increase or decrease in the value in U.S. dollars of the net assets of the subsidiaries as of the date of the balance sheet, which will vary from period to period as exchange rates fluctuate. 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amount Change From Prior Year Change Amount Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (598) (32,192) (101.9) 31,594 
 Other comprehensive loss for fiscal year 2024 of approximately 0.6 million was primarily the result of 2.2 million of unrealized losses on the changes of fair value of our derivative obligations partially offset by 0.9 million related to unrealized gains on changes in the fair value of accrued pension obligations and the comprehensive gain of 0.7 million from foreign currency translation adjustments During fiscal year 2024, the largest translation adjustments were related to the appreciation of the local currency against the U.S. dollar of our Costa Rica subsidiary partially offset by the devaluation of the local currency against the U.S. dollar for our Dominican Republic subsidiary. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Financial Position and Cash Flow 
 Our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. We generate cash from operations primarily through net merchandise sales and membership fees. Cash used in operations generally consist of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse club and distribution center operating costs (including payroll, employee benefits and utilities), as well as payments for income taxes. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have generally been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. We also have returned cash to stockholders through a semiannual dividend, a one-time special dividend in the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, and by repurchasing shares of our common stock pursuant to the stock repurchase program we commenced in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and completed in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. We evaluate our funding requirements on a regular basis to cover any shortfall in our ability to generate sufficient cash from operations to meet our capital requirements. We may consider funding alternatives to provide additional liquidity if necessary. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 11 - Debt for additional information regarding amounts outstanding on our short-term facilities and our long-term borrowings, and any repayments. 
 Repatriation of cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries may require us to accrue and pay taxes for certain jurisdictions. If we decide to repatriate cash through the payment of a cash dividend by our foreign subsidiaries to our domestic operations, we will accrue taxes if and when appropriate. 
 The following table summarizes the cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, held by our foreign subsidiaries and domestically (in thousands): 
 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries 121,580 139,050 Amounts held domestically 14,731 113,152 Total cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash 136,311 252,202 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries and domestically (in thousands): 
 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries 100,165 74,294 Amounts held domestically 16,787 Total short-term investments 100,165 91,081 
 As of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, there were no certificates of deposit with a maturity of over one year held by our foreign subsidiaries or domestically. 
 From time to time, we have experienced a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This impedes our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products or otherwise fund our operations. For instance, since fiscal year 2017, we have experienced this situation in Trinidad and have been unable to source a sufficient level of tradable currencies. We are working with our banks in Trinidad and government officials to convert all of our Trinidad dollars into tradable currencies. Additionally, during fiscal year 2023, the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. We are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. We have and continue to take additional actions in this respect. Refer to Management s Discussion Analysis Factors Affecting Our Business for our quantitative analysis and discussion. 
 Our cash flows are summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 207,589 257,331 (49,742) Net cash used in investing activities (175,450) (222,082) 46,632 Net cash used in financing activities (150,026) (41,055) (108,971) Effect of exchange rates 1,996 6,635 (4,639) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents (115,891) 829 (116,720) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 207.6 million and 257.3 million for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased primarily due to shifts in working capital resulting from changes in our merchandise inventory and accounts payable positions, which contributed 58.0 million to the overall decrease. The primary cause of this was higher inventory compared to the prior year due to three additional clubs that opened in fiscal year 2024 and to a shift in our inventory mix towards more non-food items. Additionally, a net change in our other various operating assets and liabilities contributed 21.5 million of additional cash used. This was partially offset by an increase in net income without non-cash items which contributed 29.8 million for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024. 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 175.5 million and 222.1 million for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively. The 46.6 million decrease in cash used in investing activities is primarily due to a 116.3 million increase in proceeds from settlements of short-term investments. This was partially offset by a 44.9 million increase in purchases of short-term investments and a 26.0 million increase in property and equipment expenditures to support growth of our real estate footprint, compared to the prior year. We opened three additional clubs during fiscal year 2024. 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 150.0 million and 41.1 million for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We use cash flows provided by financing primarily to fund our working capital needs, our warehouse club and distribution center acquisitions and expansions, and investments in technology to support our omni-channel initiatives. The 109.0 million increase in cash used in financing activities is primarily the result of repurchases of treasury stock during fiscal year 2024, a special dividend payment in April 2024, and lower proceeds, net of repayments, from long-term bank borrowings compared to the same period a year ago. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 (amounts are per share): 
 First Payment Second Payment Declared Amount Record Date Date Paid Amount Record Date Date Paid Amount 4/3/2024 1.00 4/19/2024 4/30/2024 1.00 N/A N/A N/A 2/1/2024 1.16 2/15/2024 2/29/2024 0.58 8/15/2024 8/30/2024 0.58 2/3/2023 0.92 2/16/2023 2/28/2023 0.46 8/15/2023 8/31/2023 0.46 2/3/2022 0.86 2/15/2022 2/28/2022 0.43 8/15/2022 8/31/2022 0.43 
 On April 3, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors declared a one-time 1.00 per share special dividend paid on April 30, 2024 to stockholders of record on April 19, 2024 to distribute excess cash to stockholders. The 1.00 per share special dividend was in addition to the Company s annual cash dividend in the total amount of 1.16 per share, with 0.58 per share paid on February 29, 2024 to stockholders of record as of February 15, 2024 and 0.58 per share paid on August 30, 2024 to stockholders of record as of August 15, 2024. The declaration of future dividends (ongoing or otherwise), if any, the amount of such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates is subject to final determination by the Board of Directors at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements, taking into account the uncertain macroeconomic conditions on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures were 168.5 million for the year ended August 31, 2024, of which the mix between maintenance and growth expenditures were 72.3 million and 96.2 million, respectively. Capital expenditures for fiscal year 2023 were 142.5 million, of which the mix between maintenance and growth expenditures were 69.3 million and 73.2 million, respectively. In January 2024, the Company purchased its previously leased club building and land in Panama City, Panama for 33.0 million. The Company also purchased land located in Cartago, Costa Rica, where we plan to open our ninth warehouse club in Costa Rica in the spring of 2025. Maintenance expenditures are typically for operational fixtures and equipment, building refurbishment, solar, technology and other expenses. Growth expenditures are for new clubs, purchases of previously leased clubs, investments to move existing clubs to better locations, supply chain improvements, and major remodels and expansions. 
 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt 
 Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets while minimizing our borrowing costs. The proceeds of these borrowings were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends and repayment of existing debt. Refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 11 - Debt for further discussion. 
 Future Lease and Other Commitments 
 We place a strong emphasis on managing future lease commitments related to various facilities and equipment that support our operations. We believe our current liquidity and cash flow projections can cover future lease commitments. As of August 31, 2024, we have signed one lease agreement for a facility to be built by the lessor on which construction has not yet commenced. Refer to Part II. "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies" for further discussion. 
 Derivatives 
 Please refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 13 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities for further discussion. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on its financial condition or consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchase of Common Stock and Reissuance of Treasury Shares Related to Employee Stock Awards 
 At the vesting dates for restricted stock awards to our employees, we repurchase a portion of the shares that have vested at the prior day's closing price per share and apply the proceeds to pay the employees' tax withholding requirements, not to exceed the maximum statutory tax rate, related to the vesting of restricted stock awards. The Company expects to continue this practice going forward. 
 Shares of common stock repurchased by us are recorded at cost as treasury stock and result in the reduction of stockholders equity in our consolidated balance sheets. We may reissue these treasury shares in the future. 
 The following table summarizes the equity securities repurchased as part of the Company's stock-based compensation programs during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2022 Shares repurchased 44,413 99,998 88,415 Cost of repurchase of shares (in thousands) 3,512 7,245 6,259 
 We reissued 3,000 treasury shares as part of our stock-based compensation programs during fiscal year 2024, 6,333 treasury shares during fiscal year 2023 and 8,314 treasury shares during fiscal year 2022. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In July 2023 we announced a program authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase up to 75 million of our common stock. We began repurchases in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and successfully completed the share repurchase program in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. We purchased a total of approximately 1,007,000 shares of our common stock under the program. The repurchases were made on the open market pursuant to a trading plan established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which permitted us to repurchase common stock at a time that we might otherwise have been precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. We have no plans to continue repurchases or adopt a new repurchase plan at this time. However, the Board of Directors could choose to commence another program in the future at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements. 
 Share repurchase activity under the Company s repurchase programs for the periods indicated was as follows (total cost in thousands): 
 Years Ended 
 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Number of common shares acquired 
 935,663 71,530 Average price per common share acquired 74.13 78.54 Total cost of common share acquired 69,362 5,618 
 For further information, refer to Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP in the United States. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires that management make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Some of our accounting policies require management to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management continues to review its accounting policies and evaluate its estimates, including those related to business acquisitions, contingencies and litigation, income taxes, value added taxes, and long-lived assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the present circumstances. Using different estimates could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We believe that the accounting policies described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For further information, refer to Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be realized. 
 As of August 31, 2024, we evaluated our deferred tax assets and liabilities and determined that a valuation allowance was necessary for certain deferred tax asset balances, primarily because of the existence of significant negative objective evidence, such as the fact that certain subsidiaries are in a cumulative loss position for the past three years, indicating that certain net operating loss carry-forward periods are not sufficient to realize the related deferred tax assets. We also specifically considered whether foreign tax credit balances could be utilized in the foreseeable future in light of current and future U.S. tax liabilities. We have historically applied foreign tax credits, generated from taxes withheld on certain payments PriceSmart receives from our foreign subsidiaries, to reduce U.S. income tax liabilities. However, as an incidental result of U.S. tax reform, following the reduction of the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 , we expect foreign tax credits generated to exceed U.S. income tax liability for the foreseeable future. Therefore, for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, we have recorded valuation allowances of 12.5 million and 12.6 million against our foreign tax credits, respectively. 
 We are required to file federal and state income tax returns in the United States and income tax and various other tax returns in multiple foreign jurisdictions, each with changing tax laws, regulations and administrative positions. This requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. We record the benefits of uncertain tax positions in our financial statements only after determining it is more likely than not the uncertain tax positions would sustain challenge by taxing authorities, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. We develop our assessment of an uncertain tax position based on the specific facts and legal arguments of each case and the associated probability of our reporting position being upheld, using internal expertise and the advice of third-party experts. However, our tax returns are subject to routine reviews by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which we file our tax returns. As part of these reviews, taxing authorities may challenge, and in some cases presently are challenging, the interpretations we have used to calculate our tax liability. In addition, any settlement with the tax authority or the outcome of any appeal or litigation process might result, and in some cases has resulted, in an outcome that is materially different from our estimated liability. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. Variations in the actual outcome of these cases could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets in the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future state, federal, and foreign pretax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. The assumptions about future taxable income require the use of significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income. There were no material changes in our uncertain income tax positions for the period ended on August 31, 2024. 
 Tax Receivables 
 We pay Value Added Tax VAT or similar taxes, income taxes, and other taxes within the normal course of our business in most of the countries in which we operate related to the procurement of merchandise and/or services we acquire and/or on sales and taxable income. VAT is a form of indirect tax applied to the value added at each stage of production (primary, manufacturing, wholesale and retail). This tax is similar to, but operates somewhat differently than, sales tax paid in the United States. We generally collect VAT from our Members upon sale of goods and services and pay VAT to our vendors upon purchase of goods and services. Periodically, we submit VAT reports to governmental agencies and reconcile the VAT paid and VAT received. The net overpaid VAT may be refunded or applied to subsequent returns, and the net underpaid VAT must be remitted to the government. 
 With respect to income taxes paid, if the estimated income taxes paid or withheld exceed the actual income tax due this creates an income tax receivable. In most countries where we operate, the governments have implemented additional collection procedures, such as requiring credit card processors to remit a portion of sales processed via credit and debit cards directly to the government as advance payments of VAT and/or income tax. This collection mechanism generally leaves us with net VAT and/or income tax receivables, forcing us to process significant refund claims on a recurring basis. These refund or offset processes can take anywhere from several months to several years to complete. 
 Minimum tax rules, applicable in some of the countries where the Company operates, require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). This can result in AMT payments substantially in excess of those the Company would expect to pay based on taxable income. As the Company believes that, in one country where it operates, it should only be ultimately liable for an income-based tax, it has accumulated income tax receivables of 10.9 million and 10.7 million and deferred tax assets of 3.4 million and 3.2 million as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, in this country. 
 In fiscal year 2023, we recorded a 7.2 million charge to settle the AMT payment dispute in another one of our markets. Of this amount, 1.0 million is a reserve we recorded against an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining 6.2 million is for the unpaid years of the dispute in which we made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. 
 In one of the countries where we had a significant VAT receivable balance, the Company received unfavorable rulings at the supreme court level of that country denying a portion of the Company s appeals for refund of over-withholdings of VAT. After evaluating the merits of the Company s arguments, the court s decision, and probability that the other related refund appeals would receive the same judgment, the Company concluded that a total of 2.3 million of related VAT receivable would not be recoverable and wrote this amount off in fiscal year 2023. These charges were recorded in the Warehouse club and other expenses line item under the Selling, general and administrative caption within the consolidated statements of income. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s various outstanding VAT receivables and/or income tax receivables are based on cases or appeals with their own set of facts and circumstances. The Company consults and evaluates with legal and tax advisors regularly to understand the strength of its legal arguments and probability of successful outcomes in addition to its own experience handling these complex tax issues. While the rules related to refunds of income tax receivables in these countries are unclear and complex, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of the remaining tax receivables or deferred tax assets, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests. Similarly, we have not placed any recoverability allowances on tax receivables that arise from payments we are required to make pursuant to tax assessments that we are appealing because we believe it is more likely than not that we will ultimately prevail in the related appeals. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will be successful in recovering all tax receivables or deferred tax assets. 
 Our policy for classification and presentation of VAT receivables, income tax receivables and other tax receivables is as follows: 
 Short-term VAT and Income tax receivables, recorded as Other current assets: This classification is used for any countries where our subsidiary has generally demonstrated the ability to recover the VAT or income tax receivable within one year. We also classify as short-term any approved refunds or credit notes to the extent that we expect to receive the refund or use the credit notes within one year. 
 Long-term VAT and Income tax receivables, recorded as Other non-current assets: This classification is used for amounts not approved for refund or credit in countries where our subsidiary has not demonstrated the ability to obtain refunds within one year and/or for amounts which are subject to outstanding disputes. An allowance is provided against VAT and income tax receivable balances in dispute when we do not expect to eventually prevail in our recovery of such balances. We do not currently have any allowances provided against VAT and income tax receivables. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 We evaluate quarterly our long-lived assets for indicators of impairment. Indicators that an asset may be impaired are: 
 the asset's inability to continue to generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods; 
 loss of legal ownership or title to the asset; 
 significant changes in its strategic business objectives and utilization of the asset(s); and 
 the impact of significant negative industry or economic trends. 
 
 Management's judgments are based on market and operational conditions at the time of the evaluation and can include management's best estimate of future business activity, which in turn drives estimates of future cash flows from these assets. These periodic evaluations could cause management to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring an adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair market value. Future business conditions and/or activity could differ materially from the projections made by management causing the need for additional impairment charges. We did not record any impairment charges during fiscal year 2024 related to the loss of legal ownership or title to assets; significant changes in the Company's strategic business objectives or utilization of assets; or the impact of significant negative industry or economic trends. Loss on disposal of assets recorded during the years reported resulted from improvements to operations and normal preventive maintenance. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, our merchandising businesses have experienced holiday retail seasonality in their markets. In addition to seasonal fluctuations, our operating results fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as a result of economic and political events in markets that we serve, the timing of holidays, weather, the timing of shipments, product mix, and currency effects on the cost of U.S.-sourced products which may make these products more or less expensive in local currencies and therefore more or less affordable. Because of such fluctuations, the results of operations of any quarter are not indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year or any future quarter. In addition, there can be no assurance that our future results will be consistent with past results or the projections of securities analysts. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity price risk. These market risks arise in the normal course of business. To manage the risk arising from these exposures, we utilize interest rate swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps, non-deliverable foreign currency forward contracts and loans denominated in foreign currencies. We do not engage in speculative trading activities. 
 Information about the change in the fair value of our hedges and the financial impact thereof for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024 is disclosed in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 13 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 Information about the movements in currency exchange rates and the related impact on the translation of the balance sheets of our subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar for the twelve-month period ended August 31, 2024 is disclosed in Item 7. Management s Discussion Analysis Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Each market risk sensitivity analysis presented below is based on hypothetical scenarios used to calibrate potential risk and do not represent our view of future market changes. The effect of a change in a particular assumption is calculated without adjusting any other assumption. In reality, however, a change in one factor could cause a change in another factor, which may magnify or negate other sensitivities. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of our short-term borrowings and long-term debt borrowings. We have mitigated a portion of our interest rate risk by managing the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and by entering into interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk. The notional amount, interest payment and maturity dates of the swap match the terms of the associated debt. 
 The table below provides information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For debt obligations, the table represents the principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates. For interest rate swaps, including cross-currency interest rate swaps, the table represents the contractual cash flows and weighted-average interest rates by the contractual maturity date, unless otherwise noted. The notional amounts are used to calculate contractual cash flows to be exchanged under the contracts. The weighted-average variable rates are based upon prevailing market interest rates and the outstanding balances as of August 31, 2024. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Annual maturities of long-term debt and derivatives are as follow (in thousands): 
 Twelve Months Ended August 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Long-Term Debt (Unhedged): Long-term debt with fixed interest rate 12,786 9,681 6,386 13,176 3,770 10,677 56,476 (1) 
 Weighted-average interest rate 6.40 6.40 6.20 6.20 6.70 6.70 6.40 Long-term debt with variable interest rate 23,131 8,781 26,818 620 676 13,858 73,884 Weighted-average interest rate 5.60 4.70 3.90 4.40 4.40 4.40 4.80 Total long-term debt 35,917 18,462 33,204 13,796 4,446 24,535 130,360 (1) 
 Derivatives: Interest Rate Swaps: Variable to fixed interest 1,518 1,804 26,818 620 676 13,858 45,294 (2) 
 Weighted-average pay rate 3.78 3.88 3.67 4.43 4.43 4.43 Weighted-average receive rate 6.72 6.50 6.94 5.34 5.34 5.34 Cross-Currency Interest Rate Swaps: Variable to fixed interest 19,770 19,770 (2) 
 Weighted-average pay rate 7.92 Weighted-average receive rate 7.59 Long-Term Debt Payments with Fixed Interest or Subject to Financial Derivatives: Long-term debt with fixed interest rate or with variable to fixed interest rate swaps 34,074 11,485 33,204 13,796 4,446 24,535 121,540 Portion of long-term debt with fixed interest rate or with variable to fixed interest rate swaps 94.9 62.2 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 93.2 Portion of long-term debt with variable interest rates and no swaps 5.1 37.8 6.8 
 (1) The Company has disclosed the future annual maturities of long-term debt, for which it has entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps by using the derivative obligation as of August 31, 2024 to estimate the future commitments. Therefore, the total annual commitments reflects these obligations, including the effect of the cross-currency interest rate swaps on the total-long term debt as disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) The derivative obligations of the interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps are included in the Total long-term debt section of this table. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have foreign currency risks related to sales, operating expenses and financing transactions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As of August 31, 2024, we had a total of 54 consolidated warehouse clubs operating in 12 foreign countries and one U.S. territory, 42 of which operate under currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately 49.0 of our net merchandise sales are comprised of products we purchased in U.S. dollars that were sold in countries whose currencies were other than the U.S. dollar. Approximately 79.5 of our net merchandise sales are in markets whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. We may enter into additional foreign countries in the future or open additional locations in existing countries, which may increase the percentage of net merchandise sales denominated in foreign currencies. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Currency exchange rate changes either increase or decrease the cost of imported products that we purchase in U.S. dollars and price in local currency. If the local currency devalues against the U.S. dollar, we may elect to increase prices in the local currency to maintain our target margins, making these products more expensive for our Members. Currency exchange rates also affect the reported sales of the consolidated company when local currency-denominated sales are translated to U.S. dollars. In addition, we revalue all U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities within those markets that do not use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency. These assets and liabilities include, but are not limited to, excess cash permanently reinvested offshore and the value of items shipped from the U.S. to our foreign markets. The gain or loss associated with this revaluation, net of reserves, is recorded in Other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of income. 
 Foreign currencies in most of the countries where we operate have historically devalued against the U.S. dollar and are expected to continue to devalue. The following tables summarize by country, for those countries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the weakening of the countries' currency against the U.S. dollar (devaluation) or the strengthening of their currencies (revaluation): 
 Country Revaluation/(Devaluation) Twelve Months Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Change Change Colombia (1.84) 7.15 Costa Rica 3.25 18.30 Dominican Republic (5.23) (7.06) Guatemala 1.81 (1.72) Honduras (0.62) (0.48) Jamaica (2.11) (2.29) Nicaragua (0.33) (1.42) Trinidad (0.01) (0.09) 
 We seek to manage foreign exchange risk by (1) adjusting prices on goods acquired in U.S. dollars on a periodic basis to maintain our target margins after taking into account changes in exchange rates; (2) obtaining local currency loans from banks within certain markets where it is economical to do so and where management believes the risk of devaluation and the level of U.S. dollar denominated liabilities warrants this action; (3) reducing the time between the acquisition of product in U.S. dollars and the settlement of that purchase in local currency; (4) maintaining a balance between assets held in local currency and in U.S. dollars; and (5) entering into cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward currency derivatives. We have local-currency-denominated long-term loans in Barbados, Honduras, Guatemala, and Trinidad and we have cross-currency interest rate swaps in Colombia. Turbulence in the currency markets can have a significant impact on the value of the foreign currencies within the countries in which we operate. We report the gains or losses associated with the revaluation of these monetary assets and liabilities on our consolidated statements of income under the heading Other income (expense), net. Future volatility and uncertainties regarding the currencies in the countries that we operate in could have a material impact on our operations in future periods. However, there is no way to accurately forecast how currencies may trade in the future and, as a result, we cannot accurately project the impact of the change in rates on our future demand for imported products, reported sales, or financial results. 
 We are exposed to foreign exchange risks related to U.S. dollar-denominated and other foreign-denominated cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, to U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany debt balances and to other U.S. dollar-denominated debt/asset balances (excluding U.S. dollar-denominated debt obligations for which we hedge a portion of the currency risk inherent in the interest and principal payments), within entities whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. As part of the adoption of the Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 842 - Leases, we recorded several monetary liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet that are exposed to foreign exchange movements. These monetary liabilities arise from leases denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the Company s local subsidiary. The monetary liability for these leases as of August 31, 2024 was 31.5 million. Due to the mix of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations during fiscal year 2024, the impact to the consolidated statements of income of revaluing the monetary liabilities for these leases was immaterial. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table discloses the net effect on other expense, net for U.S. dollar-denominated and other foreign-denominated accounts relative to a hypothetical simultaneous currency revaluation based on balances as of August 31, 2024 (in thousands) including the lease-related monetary liabilities described above: 
 Overall weighted negative currency movement Losses based on change in U.S. dollar denominated and other foreign denominated cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances Gains based on change in U.S. dollar denominated inter-company balances Gains based on change in U.S. dollar denominated other asset/liability balances Net Loss (1) 
 5 (372) 1,616 (1,680) (436) 10 (744) 3,232 (3,360) (872) 20 (1,488) 6,463 (6,721) (1,746) 
 (1) Amounts are before consideration of income taxes. 
 Information about the financial impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 is disclosed in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis Other Expense, net. 
 Examples of where we have significant U.S. dollar net asset positions subjecting us to exchange rate losses if the local currency strengthens against the U.S. dollar are our Costa Rica and Nicaragua subsidiaries, with balances of 73.5 million, and 36.9 million, respectively, as of August 31, 2024. Examples where we have significant U.S. dollar net liability positions subjecting us to exchange rate losses if the local currency weakens against the U.S. dollar are our Honduras, Guatemala, Dominican Republic, and Trinidad subsidiaries, with balances of 28.3 million, 23.9 million, 13.0 million, and 11.0 million, respectively, as of August 31, 2024. 
 We are also exposed to foreign exchange risks related to local-currency-denominated cash and cash equivalents, to local-currency-denominated debt obligations, to local-currency-denominated current assets and liabilities and to local-currency-denominated long-term assets and liabilities within entities whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. The following table discloses the net effect on other comprehensive loss for these local currency denominated accounts relative to hypothetical simultaneous currency devaluation in all the countries listed in the table above, based on balances as of August 31, 2024: 
 Overall weighted negative currency movement Other comprehensive loss on the decline in local currency denominated cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (in thousands) Other comprehensive gain on the decline in foreign currency denominated debt obligations (in thousands) Other comprehensive loss on the decline in all other foreign currency denominated current assets net of current liabilities (in thousands) Other comprehensive loss on the decline in all other foreign currency denominated long-term assets net of long-term liabilities (in thousands) 5 4,642 (3,812) 7,610 32,469 10 9,284 (7,625) 15,219 64,939 20 18,568 (15,249) 30,438 129,877 
 In addition, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations associated with our U.S. dollar-denominated debt obligations that we hedge. We hedge a portion of the currency risk inherent in the interest and principal payments associated with this debt through the use of cross-currency interest rate swaps. The terms of these swap agreements are commensurate with the underlying debt obligations. The aggregate fair value of these swaps was in a net asset position of approximately 1.3 million at August 31, 2024 and approximately 2.3 million at August 31, 2023. A hypothetical 10 devaluation in the currency exchange rates underlying these swaps from the market rates at August 31, 2024 would have resulted in a further increase in the value of the swaps of approximately 4.4 million. Conversely, a hypothetical 10 appreciation in the currency exchange rates underlying these swaps from the market rates at August 31, 2024 would have resulted in a net decrease in the value of the swaps of approximately 3.3 million. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, we use non-deliverable forward foreign exchange contracts primarily to address exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by our international subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. The net increase or decrease in the fair value of these derivative instruments would be economically offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions. 
 From time to time, we have experienced a lack of availability of U.S. dollars in certain markets (U.S. dollar illiquidity). This impedes our ability to convert local currencies obtained through merchandise sales into U.S. dollars to settle the U.S. dollar liabilities associated with our imported products or otherwise fund our operations. For instance, since fiscal year 2017, we have experienced this situation in Trinidad and have been unable to source a sufficient level of tradable currencies. We are working with our banks in Trinidad and government officials to convert all of our Trinidad dollars into tradable currencies. Additionally, during fiscal year 2023, the Honduran Central Bank began limiting the availability and controlling the allocation of U.S. dollars for the conversion from Honduran lempiras to U.S. dollars. We are actively working with our banking partners and government authorities to address this situation. We have and continue to take additional actions in this respect. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion Analysis Factors Affecting Our Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion Analysis Liquidity: Financial Position and Cash Flow for our quantitative analysis and discussion. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The increasing price of oil and certain commodities could have a negative effect on our operating costs and sales. Higher oil prices can negatively impact the economic growth of the countries in which we operate, thereby reducing the buying power of our Members. Higher oil prices can also increase our operating costs, particularly utilities and merchandise transportation expenses. Inflationary pressures on various commodities also may impact consumer spending. We do not currently seek to hedge commodity price risk. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 See the list of financial statements filed with this report under Part IV. Item 15 below. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
 As of August 31, 2024, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in its periodic reports with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that the information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by its board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision, and with the participation, of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management has used the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2024, the end of its most recent fiscal year. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as Exhibit 31.1 and 31.2 to this report. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited PriceSmart, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated October 30, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 October 30, 2024 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 
 , , our , a written plan for the sale of our common stock that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan ). Mr. McCleary s Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan provides for the sale of up to shares of the Company's common stock by The McCleary Family Trust during the period beginning on July 23, 2024 and ending . 
 
 , , our , a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. Mr. Velasco s Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan provides for the sale of up to shares of the Company's common stock during the period beginning on July 15, 2024 and ending . 
 During the fiscal year 2024, except as described above, none of our other directors or executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan, or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 PriceSmart has adopted a code of conduct that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and to all of its other officers, directors, employees and agents. The code of conduct is available on PriceSmart's web site at https://investors.pricesmart.com/governance/governance-documents. PriceSmart intends to disclose on its website future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of its code of conduct within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 
 The additional information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Information Regarding the Board of Directors, Executive Officers of the Company and General Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 
 PriceSmart has an insider trading policy addressing the purchase, sale and other disposition of our securities by PriceSmart and our directors and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with U.S. federal insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. That policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this report. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Executive and Director Compensation. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Certain Transactions and Information Regarding the Board of Directors. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Ernst Young LLP, San Diego, CA, Auditor Firm ID: 42. 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from PriceSmart's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Proposal 3: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) List of financial statement schedules: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) List of exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 
 (b) The following exhibits are filed as a part of this report: 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 (1) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 3.2 (3) 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 3.3 (4) 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 3.4 (24) 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 3.5 (8) 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 
 3.6 (20) 
 Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 4.1 (5) 
 Specimen of Common Stock certificate. 
 4.2 (16) 
 Description of Registrant s Securities . 
 10.1 (10) 
 ISDA 2002 Master Agreement between MUFG Union Bank, N.A. and PriceSmart, Inc. dated November 4, 2016. 
 10.2 (11) 
 Promissory Note between PriceSmart, Inc. and MUFG UNION BANK, N.A. for US 35.7 million, dated January 27, 2017. 
 10.3 (6) 
 Shareholders Agreement between Fundacion Tempus Fugit and PriceSmart Panama, S.A. dated September 24, 2008. 
 10.4 (2) 
 Master Agreement between the Company and Payless ShoeSource (BVI) Holdings, Ltd., dated November 27, 2000. 
 10.5 (7) 
 Collective Agreement by and between Oilfields Workers' Trade Union and PriceSmart Clubs (TT) Ltd. entered into December 1, 2012. 
 10.6 (17) 
 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc . , a s a m e n d e d a n d r e s t a t e d . 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 10.7 (13) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. (for awards prior to March 6, 2023). 
 10.8 (13) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. for Employees of Foreign Subsidiaries (for awards prior to March 6, 2023). 
 10.9 (13) 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. (for awards on or after July 16, 2019). 
 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. (for awards on or after March 6, 2023). 
 10.11 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. for Employees of Foreign Subsidiaries (for awards on or after March 6, 20 23 ). 
 10.12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 10.13 (9) 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Francisco Velasco dated July 14, 2016. 
 10.14 (12) 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 10.15 (14) 
 Employment Agreement dated April 1, 2020 between Michael McCleary and the Company. 
 10.16 (15) 
 Credit Agreement between PriceSmart Colombia S.A.S. and Citibank, N.A. dated December 2, 2019. 
 10.17 (15) 
 Credit Agreement between PriceSmart Colombia S.A.S. and Citibank, N.A. dated November 25, 2019. 
 10.18 (15) 
 Loan Agreement between PriceSmart Guatemala, Sociedad Anonima and Banco Industrial, Sociedad Anonima, dated November 20, 2019. 
 10.19 (18) 
 Second Amended and Restated Loan Facility Agreement between PriceSmart Realty (TT) L td and First Caribbean International Bank (Trinidad Tobago) Limited, dated August 27, 2021. 
 10.20 (19) 
 Citibank Credit Agreement dated February 18, 2022. 
 10.21 (21) 
 Citibank Credit Agreement dated February 9, 2023. 
 10.22 (22) 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated March 22, 2023 between John Hildebrandt and the Company. 
 10.23 (23) 
 Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2023 between Wayne Sadin and the Company. 
 10.24 (23) 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated August 4, 2023 between David Price and the Company. 
 10.25 (25) 
 Employment Agreement between Paul Kovaleski and the Company dated January 1, 2024. 
 10.26 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Wayne Sadin dated June 18, 2024. 
 19.1 
 Insider Trading P olicy 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 # 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 # 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 
 Compensation Recoupment (Clawback) Policy. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Filed herewith as an exhibit. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 # These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PriceSmart, Inc. whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 1997 filed with the Commission on November 26, 1997. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2001 filed with the Commission on April 16, 2001. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 29, 2004 filed with the Commission on April 14, 2004. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2004 filed with the Commission on November 24, 2004. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Commission on December 2, 2004. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended November 30, 2008 filed with the Commission on January 14, 2009. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2014 filed with the Commission on October 30, 2014. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K Filed with the Commission on July 17, 2015. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016 filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2016 filed with the Commission on January 5, 2017. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2017 filed with the Commission on April 6, 2017. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019 filed with the Commission on October 29, 2019. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2019 filed with the Commission on January 9, 2020. 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 7, 2020. 
 (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 29, 2020 filed with the Commission on April 8, 2020. 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020 filed with the Commission on October 30, 2020. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s proxy statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company filed with the Commission on December 18, 2020. 
 (18) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on October 21, 2021. 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2022 filed with the Commission on April 7, 2022. 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 9, 2022. 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2023 filed with the Commission on April 10, 2023. 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on March 24, 2023. 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2023 filed with the Commission on October 30, 2023. 
 (24) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 2, 2024. 
 (25) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 29, 2024 filed with the Commission on April 9, 2024. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 ) Year ended August 31, 2023 
 ) Year ended August 31, 2024 
 ) 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PRICESMART, INC. Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ ROBERT E. PRICE Robert E. Price Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Michael L. McCleary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert E. Price and Michael L. McCleary, and each of them singly, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each said attorney-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ ROBERT E. PRICE Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) October 30, 2024 Robert E. Price /s/ MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) October 30, 2024 Michael L. McCleary /s/ DAVID R. SNYDER Vice Chairman and Lead Independent Director October 30, 2024 David R. Snyder /s/ SHERRY S. BAHRAMBEYGUI Director October 30, 2024 Sherry S. Bahrambeygui /s/ JEFFREY R. FISHER Director October 30, 2024 Jeffrey R. Fisher /s/ GORDON H. HANSON Director October 30, 2024 Gordon H. Hanson /s/ BEATRIZ V. INFANTE Director October 30, 2024 Beatriz V. Infante /s/ LEON C. JANKS Director October 30, 2024 Leon C. Janks /s/ PATRICIA M RQUEZ Director October 30, 2024 Patricia M rquez /s/ DAVID N. PRICE Director October 30, 2024 David N. Price /s/ JOHN D. THELAN Director October 30, 2024 John D. Thelan /s/ EDGAR A. ZURCHER Director October 30, 2024 Edgar A. Zurcher 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of Augu st 31 , 2024 a nd 2023 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company) as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated October 30, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertain Tax Positions and Income Tax and VAT Receivables 
 Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 2 and in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company pays Value Added Tax VAT or similar indirect taxes, income taxes, and other taxes within the normal course of the Company s business in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The different interpretations of sometimes complex tax regulations create uncertainty and necessitate the use of significant judgment in the determination of the Company s uncertain tax positions and the recoverability of both income tax and VAT receivables. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had 6.0 million accrued for uncertain tax positions and had income tax and VAT receivables of 43.8 million and 34.2 million, respectively. 
 Auditing the recognition and measurement of the Company s uncertain tax positions and recoverability of income tax and VAT receivables was challenging because the evaluation of the various tax positions can be complex, highly judgmental and based on international tax laws, interpretations and legal rulings which can vary significantly between the countries in which the Company has operations 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested controls over the Company s process to assess the technical merits of its uncertain tax positions and income tax and VAT receivables, including management s process to measure the uncertain tax positions, and evaluate the recoverability of the receivables. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the uncertain tax positions and the significant assumptions surrounding more-likely-than-not conclusions, as well as controls over management s review of the income tax and VAT receivables and the significant assumptions surrounding the recoverability of such. 
 We involved our international and other tax professionals to assist in our assessment of the technical merits of certain of the Company s tax positions and the Company s understanding and documentation of the respective international laws and regulations related to recoverability of income tax and VAT receivables. Depending on the nature of the specific tax position and, as applicable, developments with the relevant tax authorities, our procedures included obtaining and reviewing the Company s correspondence with such tax authorities and evaluating income tax opinions or other third-party advice obtained by the Company. We used our knowledge of and experience with the application of international and other tax laws by the relevant income tax authorities to evaluate the Company s accounting for its tax positions and receivables. We evaluated developments in the applicable regulatory environments to assess potential effects on the Company s positions, including searching for contrary evidence. We considered the Company s historical experiences with the different taxing authorities and their historical results in evaluating and concluding on the likely impact of different tax cases. In this manner, we analyzed the Company s assumptions used to determine the tax positions and recoverability of the receivables. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997. 
 
 October 30, 2024 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 
 August 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Short-term investments Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of as of August 31, 2024 and as of August 31, 2023, respectively 
 Merchandise inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets (includes and as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, for the fair value of derivative instruments) 
 Total current assets Long-term restricted cash Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets (includes and as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, for the fair value of derivative instruments) 
 Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued salaries and benefits Deferred income Income taxes payable Other accrued expenses and other current liabilities (includes and as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, for the fair value of derivative instruments) 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion Long-term debt, current portion Total current liabilities Deferred tax liability Long-term income taxes payable, net of current portion Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities (includes and for the fair value of derivative instruments and and for post-employment plans as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Total Liabilities Stockholders' Equity: Common stock par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding (net of treasury shares) as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Less: treasury stock at cost, shares as of August 31, 2024 and shares as of August 31, 2023 
 ) ) Total Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Revenues: Net merchandise sales Export sales Membership income Other revenue and income Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of goods sold: Net merchandise sales Export sales Non-merchandise Selling, general and administrative: Warehouse club and other operations General and administrative Reserve for AMT settlement Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure Pre-opening expenses Asset impairment and closure costs Loss on disposal of assets Total operating expenses Operating income Other expense: Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) Income before provision for income taxes and income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates 
 Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates 
 ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. per share available for distribution: Basic Diluted Shares used in per share computations: Basic Diluted Dividends per share 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. Other Comprehensive Income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments (1) 
 ) Defined benefit pension plan: Net gain (loss) arising during period ) ) Amortization of prior service cost and actuarial gains included in net periodic pensions cost Total defined benefit pension plan ) ) Derivative instruments: (2) 
 Unrealized gains (losses) on change in derivative obligations ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to other expense, net for settlement of derivatives Total derivative instruments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at August 31, 2021 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards Forfeiture of restricted stock awards ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to stockholders ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Sale of Aeropost stock ) ) Balance at August 31, 2022 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards Forfeiture of restricted stock awards ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to stockholders ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at August 31, 2023 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards Forfeiture of restricted stock awards ) Stock-based compensation Dividends paid to stockholders ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at August 31, 2024 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 PRICESMART, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Allowance for credit losses 
 ) ) Reserve for AMT settlement Asset impairment and closure costs Loss on sale of property and equipment Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Equity in (income) losses of unconsolidated affiliates 
 ) Stock-based compensation Change in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables, prepaid expenses and other current assets, non-current assets, accrued salaries and benefits, deferred membership income and other accruals ) ) Merchandise inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from settlements of short-term investments Proceeds from settlements of long-term investments Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Proceeds from the disposal of Aeropost, net of divested cash Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) Financing Activities: Proceeds from long-term bank borrowings Repayment of long-term bank borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings Repayment of short-term bank borrowings ) ) ) Cash dividend payments ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock 
 ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: Capital expenditures accrued, but not yet paid Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the statement of financial position that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the statement of cash flows: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 warehouse clubs in operation in countries and U.S. territory in Colombia; in Costa Rica; in Panama; in Guatemala; in Dominican Republic; each in Trinidad and El Salvador; in Honduras; each in Nicaragua and Jamaica; and each in Aruba, Barbados and the United States Virgin Islands), of which the Company owns of the corresponding legal entities (see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). In addition, the Company plans to open warehouse club in Cartago, Costa Rica in the spring of 2025 and new warehouse club in Quetzaltenango, Guatemala in the summer of 2025. Once these new clubs are open, the Company will operate warehouse clubs. Our operating segments are the United States, Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. 
 PriceSmart continues to invest in technology and talent to support the following three major drivers of growth: 
 1. Invest in Remodeling Current PriceSmart Clubs, Adding New PriceSmart Locations and Opening More Distribution Centers ; 
 2. Increase Membership Value ; and 
 3. Drive Incremental Sales via PriceSmart.com and Enhanced Online, Digital and Technological Capabilities . 

NOTE 2 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Equity (1) 
 
 (1) Joint venture interests are recorded as investment in unconsolidated affiliates on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 million as of August 31, 2024 and million as of August 31, 2023. We receive interest payments from the money market funds which are recorded in the Interest income line item under the Total other expense caption within the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Long-term restricted cash Total restricted cash (1) 
 
 (1) Restricted cash consists of cash deposits held within banking institutions in compliance with federal regulatory requirements in Costa Rica and Panama. In addition, the Company is required to maintain a certificate of deposit and/or security deposits of Trinidad dollars, as measured in U.S dollars, of approximately million with a few of its lenders as compensating balances for several U.S. dollar and euro denominated loans payable over several years. The certificates of deposit will be reduced annually commensurate with the loan balances. 
 
 million as of August 31, 2024 and million as of August 31, 2023. The Company reviews reported goodwill at the reporting unit level for impairment. The Company tests goodwill for impairment at least annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Foreign currency exchange rate changes Goodwill at August 31, 2024 
 
 Minimum tax rules, applicable in some of the countries where the Company operates, require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). This can result in AMT payments substantially in excess of those the Company would expect to pay based on taxable income. As the Company believes that, in one country where it operates, it should only be ultimately liable for an income-based tax, it has accumulated income tax receivables of million and million and deferred tax assets of million and million as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, in this country. 
 In fiscal year 2023, we recorded a million charge to settle the AMT payment dispute in one of our markets. Of this amount, million relates to the reserve for an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining million for the unpaid years of the dispute in which the Company made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. 
 While the rules related to refunds of income tax receivables in this country are unclear and complex, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of these tax receivables, deferred tax assets or amounts that may be deemed under-paid, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests and appeals of these rules. 
 
 In of the countries where we had a significant VAT receivable balance, the Company received unfavorable rulings at the supreme court level of that country denying a portion of the Company s appeals for refund of over-withholdings of VAT. After evaluating the merits of the Company s arguments, the court s decision, and probability that the other related refund appeals would receive the same judgment, the Company concluded that a total of million of related VAT receivables would not be recoverable and wrote this amount off in fiscal year 2023. These charges were recorded in the Warehouse club and other expenses line item under the Selling, general and administrative caption within the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other non-current assets Total amount of VAT receivables reported 
 Other non-current assets Total amount of income tax receivables reported 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 In January 2024, the Company purchased the building and land occupied by one of our clubs, which were previously leased, in Panama City, Panama, for million. Management assessed the fair market value using the market and replacement cost methods and, per the assessment, allocated approximately of the purchase price to the land and of the purchase price to the building. The transaction resulted in the termination of the related ROU asset, net of tax, and lease liability, net of tax, of million and million, respectively. No gain or loss was recognized as the lease termination occurred due to the purchase of the leased asset. This allocation of the purchase price, after accounting for the impact of the lease termination, resulted in million allocated to the land and million allocated to the building. Additionally, the Company already carried approximately million of leasehold improvements related to the club which have been reclassified to the building and remain on the balance sheet. This purchase triggered a change in the estimate of the depreciable lives of certain leasehold improvements, which were previously limited to the lease term, lowering future annual depreciation. Going forward, the lower annual depreciation expense and the cost savings on straight-line rent expense, partially offset by the depreciation expense on the building, will lower the expense by approximately million per year, net of tax, within our Warehouse club and other operations expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of income. Additionally, the Company entered into a loan agreement for million, payable over years, to partially fund the purchase of this club. We expect approximately million in interest payments, net of tax, over the next 12 months associated with this loan, which will continue to decrease as the loan balance is paid off over the life of the loan. The interest expense related to this loan will be recorded within the Interest expense caption on the consolidated statements of income. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 treasury shares. 
 impairment of such non-financial assets were recorded. 
 The disclosure of fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at cost is as follows: 
 The fair value of money market funds held was million as of August 31, 2024 and million as of August 31, 2023. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(1) The Company has disclosed the fair value of long-term debt, including debt for which it has entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps, using the derivative obligation as of August 31, 2024 to estimate the fair value of long-term debt, which includes the effects that the cross-currency interest rate swaps have had on the fair value of long-term debt. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 In December 2022, the Company announced that Sherry Bahrambeygui would resign as Chief Executive Officer effective February 3, 2023. In connection with her departure, the Company recognized a one-time separation charge of approximately million million net of tax) in fiscal year 2023. This amount consists of approximately million of non-cash charges related to the acceleration of certain equity awards and approximately million for other separation costs. The Company recorded these charges in fiscal year 2023. These charges were recorded in the Separation costs associated with Chief Executive Officer departure line item under the Selling, general and administrative caption within the consolidated statements of income and are recorded in the Company s United States segment. In connection with her departure, the Company accrued for the related charges and substantially fulfilled all payment obligations in fiscal year 2023; however, some vesting of PSUs occurred in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. 
 million charge primarily related to remeasurement of the assets of our Trinidad sustainable packaging plant to their estimated fair value upon our decision to seek to sell the plant. We planned to use the plant to increase efficiencies by eliminating intermediaries in packaging and labeling and manufacturing some of our packaging materials using compostable or recyclable inputs. However, we found that achieving economic feasibility proved challenging. Therefore, we decided to refocus our efforts on our core competencies as a retailer and redeploy plant assets we could use in our club business and seek a buyer for the remainder. The assets were written down to their estimated fair value less costs to sell and are presented within the Prepaid expenses and other current assets line within the consolidated balance sheets. The impairment charges are recorded within the Asset impairment and closure costs line item within the consolidated statements of income and are recorded in the Company's Caribbean segment. The sale of the assets held for sale was completed as of August 31, 2024. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) 
 Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective entity (primarily U.S. dollars) are revalued to the functional currency using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date.) ) ) 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 . 
 
 NOTE 3 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 -month term of the membership. Our membership policy allows Members to cancel their membership within the first days and receive a full refund. After the -day period, membership refunds are prorated over the remaining term of the membership. The Company has significant experience with membership refund patterns and expects membership refunds will not be material. Therefore, no refund reserve was required for the periods presented. Membership fee revenue is included in membership income in the Company's consolidated statements of income. The deferred membership fee is included in deferred income in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 Platinum Points Reward Programs. The Company currently offers Platinum Memberships in all of its markets. During fiscal year 2024, we raised the annual fee for a Platinum Membership by to approximately in most markets. The Platinum Membership provides Members with a rebate on most items, up to an annual maximum of . The rebate is issued annually to Platinum Members on March 1 and expires August 31. Platinum Members can apply this rebate to future purchases at the warehouse club during the redemption period. The Company records this rebate as a reduction of revenue at the time of the sales transaction. Accordingly, the Company has reduced warehouse sales and has accrued a liability within other accrued expenses and other current liabilities, platinum rewards. The Company has determined that breakage revenue is of the awards issued; therefore, it records of the Platinum Membership liability at the time of sale. Annually, the Company reviews for expired unused rebates outstanding, and the expired unused rebates are recognized as Other revenue and income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Co-branded Credit Card Points Reward Programs. Most of the Company s subsidiaries have points reward programs related to co-branded credit cards. These points reward programs provide incremental points that a Member can use at a future time to acquire merchandise within the Company s warehouse clubs. This results in two performance obligations, the first performance obligation being the initial sale of the merchandise or services purchased with the co-branded credit card and the second performance obligation being the future use of the points rewards to purchase merchandise or services. As a result, upon the initial sale, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation with the amount allocated to the future use points rewards recorded as a contract liability within other accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The portion of the selling price allocated to the reward points is recognized as Net merchandise sales when the points are used or when the points expire. The Company reviews on an annual basis expired points rewards outstanding, and the expired rewards are recognized as Net merchandise sales on the consolidated statements of income within markets where the co-branded credit card agreement allows for such treatment. 
 Gift Cards . Members purchases of gift cards to be utilized at the Company's warehouse clubs are not recognized as sales until the card is redeemed and the customer purchases merchandise using the gift card. The outstanding gift cards are reflected as other accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. These gift cards generally have a stated expiration date from the date of issuance and are generally redeemed prior to expiration. However, the absence of a large volume of transactions for gift cards impairs the Company's ability to make a reasonable estimate of the redemption levels for gift cards; therefore, the Company assumes a redemption rate prior to expiration of the gift cards. The Company periodically reviews unredeemed outstanding gift cards, and the gift cards that have expired are recognized as Other revenue and income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Co-branded Credit Card Revenue Sharing Agreements . As part of the co-branded credit card agreements that the Company has entered into with financial institutions within its markets, the Company often enters into revenue sharing agreements. As part of these agreements, in some countries, the Company receives a portion of the interest income generated from the average outstanding balances on the co-branded credit cards from these financial institutions interest generating portfolio or IGP ). The Company recognizes its portion of interest received as revenue during the period it is earned. The Company has determined that this revenue should be recognized as Other revenue and income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Determining the Transaction Price 
 The transaction price is the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive under the arrangement. The Company is required to estimate variable consideration (if any) and to factor that estimate into the determination of the transaction price. The Company may offer sales incentives to customers, including discounts. For retail transactions, the Company has significant experience with returns and refund patterns and relied on this experience in its determination that expected returns are not material; therefore, returns are not factored in when determining the transaction price. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other contract performance liabilities 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Fresh Foods Hardlines Softlines Food Service and Bakery Health Services Net Merchandise Sales 
 
 NOTE 4 
 to years and that of certain components of building improvements and buildings from to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the expected term of the lease. In some locations, leasehold improvements are amortized over a period longer than the initial lease term where management believes it is reasonably certain that the renewal option in the underlying lease will be exercised because an economic penalty may be incurred if the option is not exercised. The sale or purchase of property and equipment is recognized upon legal transfer of property. 
 Building and improvements Fixtures and equipment Construction in progress Total property and equipment, historical cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Amortization expense, Intangible assets Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Total interest capitalized (in thousands): 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Interest capitalized 
 ) Fiscal Year 2023 
 ) Fiscal Year 2022 
 ) 
 The Company also recorded within accounts payable and other accrued expenses approximately million and million, respectively, as of August 31, 2024 and million and million, respectively, as of August 31, 2023 of liabilities related to the acquisition and/or construction of property and equipment. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 5 
 Less: Allocation of income to unvested stockholders ) ) ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. available for distribution Basic weighted average shares outstanding Add dilutive effect of performance stock units (two-class method) Diluted average shares outstanding Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 6 
 4/19/2024 4/30/2024 N/A N/A N/A 2/1/2024 2/15/2024 2/29/2024 8/15/2024 8/30/2024 2/3/2023 2/16/2023 2/28/2023 8/15/2023 8/31/2023 2/3/2022 2/15/2022 2/28/2022 8/15/2022 8/31/2022 
 On April 3, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors declared a one-time per share special dividend paid on April 30, 2024 to stockholders of record on April 19, 2024 to distribute excess cash to stockholders. The per share special dividend was in addition to the Company s annual cash dividend in the total amount of per share, with per share paid on February 29, 2024 to stockholders of record as of February 15, 2024 and per share paid on August 30, 2024 to stockholders of record as of August 15, 2024. The declaration of future dividends (ongoing or otherwise), if any, the amount of such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates is subject to final determination by the Board of Directors at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements, taking into account the uncertain macroeconomic conditions on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Defined benefit pension plans (1) 
 ) ) Derivative instruments (2) 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Sale of Aeropost ) ) Ending balance, August 31, 2022 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Defined benefit pension plans (1) 
 ) ) Derivative instruments (2) 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Ending balance, August 31, 2023 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Defined benefit pension plans (1) 
 Derivative instruments (2) 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Ending balance, August 31, 2024 
 ) ) 
 (1) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the minimum pension liability are included in warehouse club and other operations in the Company's consolidated statements of income. 
 (2) Refer to Note 13 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 Retained Earnings Not Available for Distribution 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In July 2023 we announced a program authorized by our Board of Directors to repurchase up to million of our common stock. We began repurchases in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and successfully completed the program in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. We purchased a total of approximately shares of our common stock under the program. The repurchases were made on the open market pursuant to a trading plan established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which permitted us to repurchase common stock at times when we might otherwise have been precluded from doing so under insider trading laws or self-imposed trading restrictions. We have no plans to continue repurchases or adopt a new repurchase plan at this time. However, the Board of Directors could choose to commence another program in the future at its discretion after its review of the Company s financial performance and anticipated capital requirements. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Average price per common share acquired Total cost of common share acquired 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Company Contribution based on the employee s salary regardless of the employee s own contributions to the plan up to the IRS maximum allowed. The Company also makes incremental non-discretionary contributions to the 401(k) plan to the employees who defer up to of their salary. Employer contributions to the 401(k) plan for the Company's U.S. employees were million during fiscal year 2024 and million during fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 
 PriceSmart also offers defined contribution retirement plans in many of its subsidiaries. The Company makes non-discretionary contributions to these plans based on the employee s salary, regardless of the employee s own contributions to the plan, up to the maximum allowed. The expenses associated with the plans for the Company s non-U.S. employees were million, million and million during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 The Company's subsidiaries located in countries have unfunded post-employment benefit plans (defined benefit plans) in which the subsidiary is required to pay a specified benefit upon retirement, voluntary departure or death of the employee. The amount of the benefit is predetermined by a formula based on the employee's earnings history, tenure of service and age. Because the obligation to provide benefits arises as employees render the services necessary to earn the benefits pursuant to the terms of the plan, the Company recognizes the cost of providing the benefits over the projected employee service periods. These payments are only due if an employee reaches certain thresholds, such as tenure and/or age. Therefore, these plans are treated as defined benefit plans. For these defined benefit plans, the Company has engaged actuaries to assist with estimating the current costs associated with these future benefits. The liabilities for these unfunded plans are recorded as non-current liabilities. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Service cost ) ) Interest cost ) ) Prior service cost (including amortization) ) ) Actuarial gains/(losses) ) ) Totals ) ) (1) 
 
 (1) The Company has recorded a deferred tax asset of and as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, relating to the unrealized expense on defined benefit plans. The Company also recorded accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for and as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 to 
 to 
 Future salary escalation to 
 to 
 Percentage of employees assumed to withdraw from Company without a benefit turnover to 
 to 
 Percentage of employees assumed to withdraw from Company with a benefit disability to 
 to 
 
 Amortization of actuarial loss 
 Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans 
 Some of the Company s subsidiaries are parties to funded and unfunded post-employment benefit plans based on services that the employees have rendered. These plans require the Company to pay a specified benefit on retirement, voluntary departure or death of the employee, or monthly payments to an external fund manager. The amount of these payments is predetermined by a formula based on the employee's earnings history and tenure of service. Because the obligation to provide benefits arises as employees render the services necessary to earn the benefits pursuant to the terms of the plan, the cost associated with providing the benefits is recognized as the employee provides those services. The employees' rights to receive payment on these plans are not dependent on their reaching certain thresholds like age or tenure. Therefore, these plans are not treated as defined benefit plans. For these post-employment benefit plans, the Company has accrued liabilities that are recorded as accrued salaries and benefits and other long-term liabilities. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 8 
 types of equity awards: restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs and, except for fiscal year 2024, performance stock units PSUs ). 
 The Company adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the "2013 Plan") for the benefit of its eligible employees, consultants and non-employee directors on January 22, 2013. The 2013 Plan provides for awards covering up to million shares of common stock plus the number of shares that remained available for issuance as of January 22, 2013 under equity participation plans previously maintained by the Company. The 2013 plan was amended in fiscal year 2021 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of awards by shares and further amended in fiscal year 2023 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of awards by an additional shares. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan increases during the term of the plan by the number of shares relating to awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan or any of the prior plans that expire, or are forfeited, terminated, canceled or repurchased, or are settled in cash in lieu of shares. However, in no event will more than an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock be issued under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 Restricted stock units Performance stock units (1) 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Weighted average period of time over which this cost will be recognized (years)) ) ) 
 The restricted stock awards and units generally vest over a or period and the unvested portion of the award is forfeited if the employee or non-employee director leaves the Company before the vesting period is completed. 
 Granted Forfeited ) ) ) Vested ) ) ) Grants outstanding at end of period 
 RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs vested RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs forfeited 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Cost of repurchase of shares (in thousands) 

NOTE 9 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, for various non-income tax related tax contingencies. 
 Minimum tax rules, applicable in some of the countries where the Company operates, require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). This can result in AMT payments substantially in excess of those the Company would expect to pay based on taxable income. As the Company believes that, in one country where it operates, it should only be ultimately liable for an income-based tax, it has accumulated income tax receivables of million and million and deferred tax assets of million and million as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, in this country. 
 In fiscal year 2023, we recorded a million charge to settle an AMT payment dispute in another one of our markets. Of this amount, million is a reserve recorded against an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which we sought a refund and the remaining million was for the unpaid years of the dispute in which the Company made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. Additionally, as part of the settlement, the Company agreed to pay AMT on a go-forward basis, which was approximately million for fiscal year 2024. 
 While the Company believes the recorded liabilities are adequate, there are inherent limitations in projecting the outcome of litigation, in estimating probable additional income tax liability taking into account uncertain tax positions and in evaluating the probable additional tax associated with various non-income tax filing positions. As such, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of the sensitivity to change of estimates affecting its recorded liabilities. As additional information becomes available, the Company assesses the potential liability and revises its estimates as appropriate. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, in contractual obligations for construction services not yet rendered. 
 As of August 31, 2024, the Company has signed a lease agreement for a facility to be built by the lessor related to the relocation of its warehouse club in Miraflores, Guatemala. As part of the agreement, the landlord has agreed to build a shell building which is estimated to be delivered in the second half of calendar year 2025. Once this building is ready, the Company expects to use approximately million in cash to outfit this club. The lease will have a term of approximately years, with a -year renewal option, and will commence upon delivery of the shell building to the Company. Per the lease agreement, the Company will pay monthly fixed base rent payments which increase annually based on the Consumer Price Index. The Company will also pay variable rent payments if the yearly warehouse sales for the location are in excess of a certain threshold. A collateralized incremental borrowing rate was used to determine the present value of estimated future minimum lease commitments. 
 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter Total future lease payments 
 From time to time, the Company has entered into general land purchase and land purchase option agreements. The Company s land purchase agreements are typically subject to various conditions, including, but not limited to, the ability to obtain necessary governmental permits or approvals. A deposit under an agreement is typically returned to the Company if all permits or approvals are not obtained. Generally, the Company has the right to cancel any of its agreements to purchase land without cause by forfeiture of some or all of the deposits it has made pursuant to the agreement. As of August 31, 2024 the Company had entered into land purchase agreements that, if completed, would result in the use of approximately million in cash. Additionally, the Company has lease agreement for the Miraflores warehouse club relocation, as mentioned above. Lastly, the Company has signed promissory lease agreements in Guatemala; for a distribution center and for a land option. If the pending contingencies are resolved favorably, the Company would expect an increase in its total lease liability of approximately million upon commencement. 
 . 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 10 
 Foreign Income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes and income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates 
 
 Foreign tax expense Total Deferred: U.S. tax benefit ) ) ) U.S. valuation allowance change Foreign tax benefit ) ) ) Foreign valuation allowance change Total ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit Differences in foreign tax rates Permanent items and other adjustments ) ) Increase in valuation allowance Provision for income taxes 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Deferred compensation U.S. timing differences Foreign net operating losses Foreign timing differences: Accrued expenses and other timing differences Depreciation and amortization Deferred income Gross deferred tax assets U.S. deferred tax liabilities (depreciation and other timing differences) ) ) Foreign deferred tax liabilities netted against deferred tax assets ) ) U.S. valuation allowance ) ) Foreign valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 For fiscal year 2024, the effective tax rate was . The decrease in the effective rate versus the prior year was primarily attributable to the non-recurrence of the comparably unfavorable impact in the prior year of write-offs of VAT receivables, Aeropost write-offs and asset impairment and related closure costs of , and a unfavorable impact due to the AMT settlement. 
 
 Following the implementation of certain tax optimization initiatives at the end of fiscal year 2024, we expect a decrease in the effective tax rate by approximately - in fiscal year 2025. 
 For fiscal year 2024, management concluded that a valuation allowance continues to be necessary for certain U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets primarily because of the existence of negative objective evidence, such as the fact that certain subsidiaries are in a cumulative loss position for the past , and the determination that certain net operating loss carryforward periods are not sufficient to realize the related deferred tax assets. The Company factored into its analysis the inherent risk of forecasting revenue and expenses over an extended period of time and also considered the potential risks associated with its business. The Company had net foreign deferred tax assets of million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company does not provide for income taxes which would be payable if undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries were remitted to the U.S. The Company considers earnings to be permanently reinvested for any jurisdiction 
 where distribution from a foreign affiliate would cause additional tax cost, and management has no plans to repatriate the 
 related undistributed earnings and profits from these foreign affiliates. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023 the undistributed earnings of these foreign subsidiaries are approximately million and million, respectively. 
 The Company accrues for the estimated additional amount of taxes for uncertain income tax positions if the likelihood of sustaining the tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not-standard for recognition of tax benefits. These positions are recorded as unrecognized tax benefits. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Gross increase - tax positions in prior period Gross decrease - tax positions in prior period Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Expiration of the statute of limitations for the assessment of taxes ) ) ) Balance at end of fiscal year 
 As of August 31, 2024, the liability for income taxes associated with unrecognized tax benefits was million and can be reduced by million of tax benefits recorded as deferred tax assets and liabilities. The total million unrecognized tax benefit includes of associated timing adjustments. The net amount of million would, if recognized, favorably affect the Company's financial statements and favorably affect the Company's effective income tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accrued an additional million and million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties related to the above-mentioned unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The Company expects changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months as the result of a lapse in various statutes of limitations. The lapse of statutes of limitations in the twelve-month period ending August 31, 2025 could result in a total income tax benefit amounting up to million. 
 The Company has various appeals pending before tax courts in its subsidiaries' jurisdictions. Any possible settlement could increase or decrease earnings but is not expected to be significant. Audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements are subject to significant uncertainty. 
 Minimum tax rules, applicable in some of the countries where the Company operates, require the Company to pay taxes based on a percentage of sales if the resulting tax were greater than the tax payable based on a percentage of income (Alternative Minimum Tax or "AMT"). This can result in AMT payments substantially in excess of those the Company would expect to pay based on taxable income. As the Company believes that, in one country where it operates, it should only be ultimately liable for an income-based tax, it has accumulated income tax receivables of million and million and deferred tax assets of million and million as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, in this country. 
 In fiscal year 2023, the Company recorded a million charge to settle the AMT payment dispute in another one of our markets, million of which was a reserve for an income tax receivable for one of the tax years for which the Company sought a refund and the remaining million for the unpaid years of the dispute in which the Company made tax payments using the original computation based on taxable income. 
 While the rules related to refunds of income tax receivables in these countries are either unclear or complex, the Company has not placed any type of allowance on the recoverability of the remaining tax receivables, deferred tax assets or amounts that may be deemed under-paid, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will ultimately succeed in its refund requests and appeals of these rules. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

California (U.S.) (state return) 
 Florida (U.S.) (state return) 
 Aruba 
 Barbados 
 Costa Rica 
 Colombia 
 Dominican Republic 
 El Salvador 
 Guatemala 
 Honduras 
 Jamaica 
 Mexico 
 Nicaragua 
 Panama 
 Trinidad 
 U.S. Virgin Islands 
 Spain 
 Chile 
 
 Aeropost only 
 Generally for U.S. federal and U.S. Virgin Islands tax reporting purposes, the statute of limitations is three years from the date of filing of the income tax return. If and to the extent the tax year resulted in a taxable loss, the statute is extended to three years from the filing date of the income tax return in which the carryforward tax loss was used to offset taxable income in the carryforward year. Given the historical losses in these jurisdictions and the Section 382 change in control limitations on the use of the tax loss carryforwards, there is uncertainty and significant variation as to when a tax year is no longer subject to audit. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 11 
 August 31, 2024 - Uncommitted 
 August 31, 2024 - Total 
 August 31, 2023 - Committed 
 August 31, 2023 - Uncommitted 
 August 31, 2023 - Overdraft Used (Uncommitted) 
 August 31, 2023 - Total 
 
 As of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 , the Company was in compliance with all covenants or amended covenants for each of its short-term facility agreements. These facilities generally expire annually or bi-annually and are normally renewed. of these facilities is a committed credit agreement with bank for million . In exchange for the bank s commitment to fund any drawdowns the Company requests, the Company pays an annual commitment fee of , payable quarterly, on any unused portion of this facility. Additionally, the Company has uncommitted facilities in most of the countries where it operates, with drawdown requests subject to approval by the individual banks each time a drawdown is requested. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 (1) 
 Proceeds from long-term debt received during the period: Guatemala subsidiary Barbados subsidiary Honduras subsidiary Trinidad subsidiary Total proceeds from long-term debt received during the period Repayments of long-term debt: ) ) ) Reclassifications of long-term debt due in the next 12 months ) Translation adjustments on foreign currency debt of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar (2) 
 ) ) Balances as of August 31, 2023 
 (3) 
 Proceeds from long-term debt received during the period: Panama subsidiary Total proceeds from long-term debt received during the period Repayments of long-term debt: ) ) ) Reclassifications of long-term debt due in the next 12 months ) Translation adjustments on foreign currency debt of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar (2) 
 Balances as of August 31, 2024 
 (4) 
 
 (1) The carrying amount of non-cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. The carrying amount of cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. 
 (2) These foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded within other comprehensive income (loss). 
 (3) The carrying amount of non-cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. The carrying amount of cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. 
 (4) The carrying amount of non-cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. The carrying amount of cash assets assigned as collateral for these loans was million. 
 The Company entered into a loan agreement in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 for million to partially fund the purchase of our Via Brasil club in Panama. This loan has a term of years and an interest rate of plus the 3-month variable Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). Additionally, the loan includes a special interest compensation fund (FECI) surcharge on the outstanding balance. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Loans entered into by the Company's subsidiaries for which the subsidiary has entered into an interest rate swap with non-cash assets and/or cash or cash equivalents assigned as collateral and with/without established debt covenants Unhedged loans entered into by the Company's subsidiaries with non-cash assets and/or cash or cash equivalents assigned as collateral and with/without established debt covenants Total long-term debt Less: current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 As of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of long-term loans in several foreign subsidiaries which require these entities to comply with certain annual or quarterly financial covenants, which include debt service and leverage ratios. The Company was in compliance with all covenants or amended covenants for both periods. The net increase in long-term debt during the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 is primarily attributable to a loan entered into by the Company s Panama subsidiary, and offset by payments on its long-term debt. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 12 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to years. 
 Where the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, a collateralized incremental borrowing rate ("IBR") is used to determine the present value of lease payments. The IBR is based on a yield curve derived by publicly traded bond offerings for companies with similar credit characteristics that approximate the Company's market risk profile. In addition, we adjust the IBR for jurisdictional risk derived from quoted interest rates from financial institutions to reflect the cost of borrowing in the Company s local markets. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease costs 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Weighted average remaining lease term in years Weighted average discount rate percentage 
 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 NOTE 13 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 PriceSmart, Inc. 30th day of each November, May, August and 28th day of each February (except in case of a leap year, 29th day of each February) beginning on February 29, 2024 November 30, 2023 - November 30, 2026 Colombia subsidiary 12-Apr-23 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap PriceSmart, Inc. 11th day of each July, October, January and April, beginning on July 11, 2023 April 12, 2023 - April 11, 2028 Colombia subsidiary 26-Sep-22 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap PriceSmart, Inc. 24th day of each December, March, June and September beginning December 26, 2022 September 26, 2022 - September 24, 2024 Colombia subsidiary 3-May-22 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap PriceSmart, Inc. 3rd day of each May, August, November and February, beginning on August 3, 2022 May 3, 2022 - May 3, 2027 Colombia subsidiary 17-Nov-21 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap PriceSmart, Inc. 17th day of each February, May, August and November, beginning on February 17, 2022 November 17, 2021 - November 18, 2024 Colombia subsidiary 3-Dec-19 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap Citibank, N.A. Variable rate 3-month SOFR plus 
 3rd day of each December, March, June and September beginning March 3, 2020 December 3, 2019 - December 3, 2024 Colombia subsidiary 27-Nov-19 Citibank, N.A. ("Citi") Cross currency interest rate swap Citibank, N.A. Variable rate 3-month SOFR plus 
 27th day of each November, February, May and August beginning February 27, 2020 November 27, 2019 - November 27, 2024 Panama subsidiary 11-Jul-24 Bank of Nova Scotia ("Scotiabank") Interest rate swap Bank of Nova Scotia 3-month SOFR with a floor 
 1st day of each March, June, September and December beginning June 3, 2024. February 29, 2024 - March 1, 2029 PriceSmart, Inc. 7-Nov-16 U.S. Bank, N.A. ("U.S. Bank") Interest rate swap U.S. Bank Variable rate 3-month SOFR plus 
 1st day of each month beginning on April 1, 2017 March 1, 2017 - March 1, 2027 
 Interest expense for the year ended August 31, 2023 
 Interest expense for the year ended August 31, 2022 
 
 (1) This amount is representative of the interest expense recognized on the underlying hedged transactions. 
 (2) This amount is representative of the interest expense recognized on the interest rate swaps and cross-currency swaps designated as cash flow hedging instruments. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Citibank N.A. Scotiabank Total 
 Derivatives listed on the table below were designated as cash flow hedging instruments. 
 ) Cross-currency interest rate swaps Other non-current assets ) ) Cross-currency interest rate swaps Other current liabilities ) ) Cross-currency interest rate swaps Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Interest rate swaps Other non-current assets ) ) Interest rate swaps Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net fair value of derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) ) 
 Fair Value Instruments 
 From time to time the Company enters into non-deliverable forward foreign-exchange contracts. These contracts are treated for accounting purposes as fair value contracts and do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The use of non-deliverable forward foreign-exchange contracts is intended to offset changes in cash flow attributable to currency exchange movements. These contracts are intended primarily to economically hedge exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company s international subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. 
 11-Sep-2024 - 20-Mar-2025 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 14 
 of Payless ShoeSource Holdings, Ltd., which rents retail space from the Company. The Company recorded approximately , , and in rental income for this space during the fiscal years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022. Additionally, Mr. Zurcher is a director of Molinos de Costa Rica S.A. The Company paid approximately million, million, and million for products purchased from this entity for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 Relationships with Price Family Charitable Organizations: During the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company sold approximately , million and , respectively, of supplies to Price Philanthropies Foundation. Robert Price, Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors and Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is the Chairman of the Board and President of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. Sherry S. Bahrambeygui, a director of the Company, serves as a director of the Board of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. Jeffrey R. Fisher, a director of the Company, serves as the Chief Financial Officer and as a director of the Board of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. David Price, a director and the Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer of the Company, serves as a Vice President and a Vice Chair of the Board of the Price Philanthropies Foundation. 
 Relationships with PriceSmart Foundation: During the year ending August 31, 2024, the Company donated a contribution of to PriceSmart Foundation. David Price, a director and the Executive Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer of the Company, serves as the President of PriceSmart Foundation. Francisco Velasco, Executive Vice President Chief Legal Officer, Chief Risk Compliance Officer and Secretary of the Company, serves as a member of the board of PriceSmart Foundation. Jeffrey R. Fisher, a director of the Company, serves as the Chief Financial Officer of PriceSmart Foundation. Patricia M rquez, a director of the Company, serves as a member of the board of PriceSmart Foundation. 
 Relationship with Golf Park Plaza, S.A.: Golf Park Plaza, S.A. is a real estate joint venture located in Panama, entered by the Company in 2008 (see Note 15 - Unconsolidated Affiliate). On December 12, 2013, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet square meters) of land with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. upon which the Company constructed its central offices in Panama. The lease term is for years with options to renew for each at the Company's discretion. On July 14, 2017, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet square meters) of a building with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. for warehouse storage space. The agreement was recently renewed for an additional during fiscal year 2022. Combined, the Company recognized in rent expense for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, and in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022. 
 Relationship with La Jolla Aviation: Robert E. Price owns La Jolla Aviation, Inc., a company that PriceSmart employees use for travel. The Company incurred approximately in travel expenses for travel provided by La Jolla Aviation for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. Jeffrey R. Fisher, a director of the Company, previously served as Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of La Jolla Aviation, including during fiscal year 2024. However, he does not currently hold any positions at La Jolla Aviation. 
 Relationship with Robert Price: On February 3, 2023, Robert E. Price, a Company founder and Chairman of the Board, became Interim Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Price has elected not to receive compensation for his role as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Therefore, the financial statements do not include compensation charges for his services. We have estimated the fair value of these services, based on a number of factors, to be approximately million on an annual basis. We acknowledge that this may not be representative of what ultimately could be the cost to the Company when a replacement Chief Executive Officer is hired. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 15 
 in Other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income for the quarter ended August 31, 2024. The Company used a market-based valuation model to determine the fair value of the plots of land received at million and an income-based valuation model to determine the fair value of the building received at million. The Company also received cash and other assets of approximately . 
 On December 12, 2013, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet square meters) of land with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. upon which the Company constructed its central offices in Panama. Construction of the offices was completed in October 2014. The lease term is for years with options to renew for each at the Company's discretion. On July 14, 2017, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet square meters) of a building with Golf Park Plaza, S.A. for warehouse storage space. The agreement was recently renewed for an additional during fiscal year 2022. Combined, the Company recognized in rent expense for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, and in rent expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022. 
 ) Price Plaza Alajuela PPA, S.A. ) Total ) 
 (1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company dissolved its joint venture with Price Plaza Alajuela PPA, S.A. 
 (2) The parties intend to seek alternate financing for the project, which could reduce the amount of investments each party would be required to provide. The parties may mutually agree on changes to the project, which could increase or decrease the amount of contributions each party is required to provide. 
 (3) The maximum exposure is determined by adding the Company s variable interest in the entity and any explicit or implicit arrangements that could require the Company to provide additional financial support. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 PriceSmart s share of the net gain (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates 
 ) ) 
 
 NOTE 16 
 warehouse clubs located in countries and U.S. territory that are located in Central America, the Caribbean and Colombia. In addition, the Company operates distribution centers and corporate offices in the United States. The Company has aggregated its warehouse clubs, distribution centers and corporate offices into reportable segments. The Company s reportable segments are based on management s organization of these locations into operating segments by general geographic location, which are used by management in setting up management lines of responsibility, providing support services, and making operational decisions and assessments of financial performance. Segment amounts are presented after converting to U.S. dollars and consolidating eliminations. Certain revenues, operating costs and inter-company charges included in the United States segment are not allocated to the segments within this presentation, as it is impractical to do so, and they appear as reconciling items to reflect the amount eliminated on consolidation of intersegment transactions. From time to time, the Company revises the measurement of each segment's operating income and net income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by management. When the Company does so, the previous period amounts and balances are reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Intersegment revenues ) Depreciation, property and equipment Operating income ) Interest income from external sources Interest income from intersegment sources ) Interest expense from external sources Interest expense from intersegment sources ) Provision for income taxes Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. ) Long-lived assets (other than deferred tax assets) Goodwill Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures, net Year Ended August 31, 2023 
 Revenue from external customers Intersegment revenues ) Depreciation, property and equipment Amortization, Intangibles Operating income (loss) ) Interest income from external sources Interest income from intersegment sources ) Interest expense from external sources Interest expense from intersegment sources ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. ) Long-lived assets (other than deferred tax assets) Goodwill Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures, net Year Ended August 31, 2022 Revenue from external customers Intersegment revenues ) Depreciation, property and equipment Amortization, Intangibles Operating income (loss) ) Interest income from external sources Interest income from intersegment sources ) Interest expense from external sources Interest expense from intersegment sources ) Provision for income taxes Net income attributable to PriceSmart, Inc. ) Long-lived assets (other than deferred tax assets) Intangibles, net Goodwill Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Total assets Capital expenditures, net 
 (1) Management considers its club in the U.S. Virgin Islands to be part of its Caribbean operations. 
 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE 17 
 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 

 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Corporate Offices 
 9740 Scranton Road 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 (858) 404-8800 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 NASDAQ Global Select Market 
 Stock Symbol: PSMT 
 Annual Meeting 
 Wednesday, February 6, 2025 
 Held via live audio and webcast 
 Transfer Agent 
 Computershare Inc. 
 462 South 4 th Street, Suite 1600 
 Louisville, KY, 40202 
 Telephone: (888) 867-6003 
 TDD for Hearing Impaired: (800) 490-1493 
 Outside U.S.: (201) 680-6578 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Ernst Young U.S. LLP 
 4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1600 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 PriceSmart's annual reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K and any quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as amended, will be provided free of charge upon written request to Investor Relations, PriceSmart, Inc., 9740 Scranton Road, San Diego, CA 92121. Internet users can access PriceSmart's web site at https://investors.pricesmart.com. 
 F-51 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 formofrsanoticeandagreement.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

PRICESMART, INC. 
 2013 AMENDED AND RESTATED EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN, AS AMENDED 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT NOTICE AND RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
 PriceSmart, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), pursuant to the PriceSmart, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan, As Amended (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below Holder ), the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares indicated below. This Restricted Stock award (this Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Restricted Stock Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan, each of which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 Holder Grant Date Number of Shares of Restricted Stock Vesting Schedule 
 The Shares shall vest and be released from the Forfeiture Restriction (as defined in the Restricted Stock Agreement) as follows 
 
 Shares 
 Vest Date 
 
 In addition, the Shares shall vest immediately (i) prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control and (ii) upon Termination of Service due to Holder s death or Disability, so long as the Holder (A) received this Award in his or her capacity as an Employee or Consultant, and (B) was in good standing as of the date of Termination of Service and was employed by or providing services to the Company or an Affiliate for at least one year prior to the date of the Termination of Service. 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT NOTICE 
 Instructions Please ACCEPT your grant of Restricted Stock digitally by logging on to your E Trade account. A copy of your acceptance will be maintained in your E Trade portal. A copy of the Spousal Consent (if applicable) should be sent to Human Resources. 
 
 PART I SIGNATURES OF COMPANY AND HOLDER ACCEPTANCE 
 
 By his or her digital acceptance, Holder agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Notice and the Restricted Stock Grant Agreement to which this signature page is attached. Holder has reviewed the Restricted Stock Notice and the Restricted Stock Agreement, and the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to accepting the grant and fully understands all provisions of the Restricted Stock Grant Notice, the Restricted Stock Agreement, and the Plan. Holder has been provided with a copy or electronic access to a copy of the prospectus for the Plan. Holder hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, the Restricted Stock Grant Notice or the Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 PRICESMART, INC. HOLDER Print 
 By 
 ______________________ 
 Name Michael L. McCleary Name Title Chief Financial Officer Address 9740 Scranton Road 
 San Diego, CA 92121 

PART II CONSENT OF SPOUSE 
 If Holder is married, his or her spouse must sign the Consent of Spouse set forth below 
 I, ________________________, spouse of Holder, have read and approve the Restricted Stock Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Agreement. In consideration of issuing to my spouse the shares of the Common Stock of the Company as set forth in above, I hereby appoint my spouse as my attorney-in-fact in respect to the exercise of any rights under the Award and agree to be bound by the provisions of the Restricted Stock Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Agreement insofar as I may have any rights in said agreements or any shares of the Common Stock of the Company issued pursuant thereto under the community property laws or similar laws relating to marital property in effect in the state of our residence as of the date of my signature below. 
 Dated By 

EXHIBIT A 
 TO RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT NOTICE 
 PRICESMART, INC. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice Grant Notice to which this Restricted Stock Agreement (this Agreement is attached, the Company has granted to Holder the number of shares of Restricted Stock set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan. The Grant Notice and this Agreement are subject to the Plan, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 ARTICLE I. GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK 
 I.1 Grant of Restricted Stock . In consideration of Holder s past service to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or Holder s agreement to remain in the service of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, and for other good and valuable consideration that exceeds the aggregate par value of the Shares, effective on the Grant Date, the Company hereby grants to Holder the Shares, subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan. The Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be fully paid and nonassessable. 
 I.2 Issuance of Shares . On the Grant Date, the Company shall issue the Shares to Holder and shall (a) cause a stock certificate or certificates representing the Shares to be registered in the name of Holder, or (b) cause such Shares to be held in book entry form. If a stock certificate is issued, it shall be delivered to and held in custody by the Company and shall bear the restrictive legends required by Section 4.6 below. If the Shares are held in book entry form, then such entry will reflect that the Shares are subject to the restrictions of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE II. RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES 
 II.1 Forfeiture Restriction . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.2 below, in the event of Holder s Termination of Service for any reason, other than as a result of Holder s death or Disability 1 , all of the Shares which, from time to time, have not yet been released from the Forfeiture Restriction (the Unreleased Shares shall thereupon be forfeited immediately and without any further action by the Company (the Forfeiture Restriction ). Upon the occurrence of such forfeiture, the Company shall become the legal and beneficial owner of the Unreleased Shares and all rights and interests therein or relating thereto, and the Company shall have the right to retain and transfer to its own name the number of Unreleased Shares being forfeited by Holder. The Unreleased Shares shall be held by the Company in accordance with Section 2.3 until the Shares are forfeited as provided in this Section 2.1, until such Unreleased Shares are fully released from the Forfeiture Restriction, or until such time as this Agreement no longer is in effect. Holder hereby authorizes and directs the Secretary of the Company, or such other person designated by the Administrator, to transfer the Unreleased Shares which have been forfeited pursuant 
 
 1 As defined in the 2013 Plan 
 A-1 

to this Section 2.1 from Holder to the Company. The Shares shall vest immediately upon Termination of Service due to Holder s death or Disability, so long as the Holder (A) received this Award in his or her capacity as an Employee or Consultant, and (B) was in good standing as of the date of Termination of Service and was employed by or providing services to the Company or an Affiliate for at least one year prior to the date of the Termination of Service. 
 II.2 Release of Shares from Forfeiture Restriction . The Shares shall be released from the Forfeiture Restriction in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. As soon as administratively practicable following the release of any Shares from the Forfeiture Restriction, the Company shall, as applicable, either deliver to Holder the certificate or certificates representing such released Shares in the Company s possession belonging to Holder, or, if the released Shares are held in book entry form, then the Company shall remove the notations on the book form relating to the Forfeiture Restriction. Holder (or the beneficiary or personal representative of Holder in the event of Holder s death or incapacity, as the case may be) shall deliver to the Company any representations or other documents or assurances as the Company or its representatives deem necessary or advisable in connection with any such delivery. 
 II.3 Escrow of Shares . The Unreleased Shares shall be held by the Company until the Shares are forfeited as provided in Section 2.1, until such Unreleased Shares are fully released from the Forfeiture Restriction, or until such time as this Agreement no longer is in effect. In such event, Holder shall not retain physical custody of any certificates representing Unreleased Shares issued to Holder. Holder, by acceptance of this Award, shall be deemed to appoint, and does so appoint, the Company and each of its authorized representatives as Holder s attorney(s)-in-fact to effect any transfer of forfeited Unreleased Shares to the Company as may be required pursuant to the Plan or this Agreement, and to execute such representations or other documents or assurances as the Company or such representatives deem necessary or advisable in connection with any such transfer. The Company, or its designee, shall not be liable for any act it may do or omit to do with respect to holding the Shares in escrow and while acting in good faith and in the exercise of its judgment. 
 ARTICLE III. TAXATION AND TAX WITHHOLDING 
 III.1 Representation . Holder has reviewed with Holder s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Holder is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Holder understands that Holder (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Holder s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 III.2 Section 83 . Holder understands that Holder will recognize ordinary income for federal income tax purposes under Section 83 of the Code as and when the Forfeiture Restriction lapses. Holder understands that Holder may elect to be taxed for federal income tax purposes at the time the Shares are issued to Holder rather than as and when the Forfeiture Restriction lapses by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days from the date of grant. 
 HOLDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS HOLDER S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND NOT THE COMPANY S TO TIMELY FILE THE ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b), AND 
 A-2 

THE COMPANY AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION OR AUTHORITY TO MAKE THIS FILING ON HOLDER S BEHALF. 
 III.3 Tax Withholding . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company and its Subsidiaries have the authority to deduct or withhold, or require Holder to remit to the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including the employee portion of any FICA obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising pursuant to this Agreement. The Company and its Subsidiaries may withhold or Holder may make such payment in one or more of the forms specified below 
 (i) by cash or check made payable to the Company or the Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises 
 (ii) by the deduction of such amount from other compensation payable to Holder 
 (iii) with respect to any withholding taxes arising in connection with the vesting of the Shares, with the consent of the Administrator, by requesting that the Company and its Subsidiaries withhold a net number of vested Shares having a then current Fair Market Value not exceeding the amount necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation of the Company and its Subsidiaries based on the minimum applicable statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes 
 (iv) with respect to any withholding taxes arising in connection with the vesting of the Shares, with the consent of the Administrator, by tendering to the Company vested shares of Common Stock having a then current Fair Market Value not exceeding the amount necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation of the Company and its Subsidiaries based on the minimum applicable statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes 
 (v) with respect to any withholding taxes arising in connection with the vesting of the Shares, through the delivery of a notice that Holder has placed a market sell order with a broker acceptable to the Company with respect to those Shares that are then becoming vested and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company or the Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises in satisfaction of such withholding taxes provided that payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company or the applicable Subsidiary at such time as may be required by the Administrator, but in any event not later the settlement of such sale or 
 (vi) in any combination of the foregoing. 
 (b) With respect to any withholding taxes arising in connection with the Shares, in the event Holder fails to provide timely payment of all sums required pursuant to Section 3.3(a), the Company shall treat such failure as an election by Participant to satisfy all or any portion of Holder s required payment obligation pursuant to Section 3.3(a)(ii) or Section 3.3(a)(iii) above, or any combination of the foregoing as the Company may determine to be appropriate. The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any certificate representing the Shares to Holder or his or her legal representative unless and until Holder or his or her legal representative shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all 
 A-3 

federal, state, local and foreign taxes applicable with respect to the taxable income of Holder resulting from the vesting of the Shares or any other taxable event related to the Shares. 
 (c) In the event any tax withholding obligation arising in connection with the Shares will be satisfied under Section 3.3(a)(iii), then the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on Holder s behalf a whole number of shares of Common Stock from those Shares that are then becoming vested as the Company determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding obligation and to remit the proceeds of such sale to the Company or the Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises. Holder s acceptance of this Award constitutes Holder s instruction and authorization to the Company and such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this Section 3.3, including the transactions described in the previous sentence, as applicable. 
 (d) In the event of any broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of withholding taxes as provided in Section 3.3(a)(iii) or Section 3.3(a)(v) (i) any Shares to be sold through a broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the tax withholding obligation arises or as soon thereafter as practicable (ii) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price (iii) Holder will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and Holder agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale (iv) to the extent the proceeds of such sale exceed the applicable tax withholding obligation, the Company agrees to pay such excess in cash to Holder as soon as reasonably practicable (v) Holder acknowledges that the Company or its designee is under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price, and that the proceeds of any such sale may not be sufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligation and (vi) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligation, Holder agrees to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Company s or the applicable Subsidiary s withholding obligation. 
 (e) Holder is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Shares, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the Shares. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the awarding, vesting or payment of the Shares or the subsequent sale of the Shares. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not commit and are under no obligation to structure this Award to reduce or eliminate Holder s tax liability. 
 ARTICLE IV. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 IV.1 Restrictions on Transfer . No Unreleased Shares or any interest or right therein or part thereof, may be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Award and the rights and privileges conferred hereby, including the Unreleased Shares, shall not be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of Holder or his or her successors in interest and shall not be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings 
 A-4 

(including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by the preceding sentence. 
 IV.2 Rights as Stockholder . Except as otherwise provided herein, upon issuance of the Shares by the Company to Holder, Holder shall have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to said Shares, subject to the restrictions herein, including the right to vote the Shares and to receive all dividends or other distributions paid or made with respect to the Shares. 
 IV.3 Forfeiture and Claw-Back Provisions . Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Shares are subject to the provisions of Section 11.5 of the Plan. 
 IV.4 Adjustments . Holder acknowledges that the Shares are subject to adjustment in the discretion of the Administrator upon the occurrence of certain events as provided in this Agreement and Section 13.2 of the Plan. 
 IV.5 No Right to Continued Service or Awards Not a Contract of Employment or Service . 
 (a) Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice, or this Agreement shall confer upon Holder any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary, shall form part of any contract of employment or service between the Company or any Subsidiary and Holder, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Holder at any time for any reason whatsoever, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or any Subsidiary and Holder. No services are requested nor required, from Holder to the Company, for the purposes of this Award. 
 (b) The grant of the Shares is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right or interest to receive a grant of Awards or benefits in lieu of Awards in the future or otherwise. Future grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. In addition, the value of the Shares is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of any employment contract. As such, the Shares are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments. The future value of the underlying Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 (c) The rights or opportunity granted to Holder to receive the Shares shall not give Grantee any rights or additional rights and if Grantee ceases to be employed by Holder s employer, Holder shall not be entitled to compensation for the loss of any right or benefit or prospective right or benefit under the Plan (including, in particular but not by way of limitation, any Awards held by him or her which lapse or are forfeited by reason of his or her ceasing to be employed by Holder s employer) whether by way of damages for unfair dismissal, wrongful dismissal, breach of contract or otherwise. 
 (d) Holder shall not be entitled to any compensation or damages for any loss or potential loss which he or she may suffer by reason of being unable to acquire or retain the Shares, or any interest therein, in consequence of the loss or Termination of Service with Holder s employer for any reason whatsoever (whether or not the termination is ultimately held to be wrongful or unfair). 
 (e) Holder acknowledges that a fundamental purpose of the Award represented by this Agreement is to provide an incentive for Holder to maintain continued employment with Holder s employer (as to which the Company has an interest in maintaining management stability). 
 A-5 

(f) By accepting the grant of the Shares and not renouncing it, Holder is deemed to have agreed to the provisions of this Section 4.5. 
 IV.6 Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Orders . 
 (a) Any share certificate(s) evidencing the Shares issued hereunder shall be endorsed with the following legend and any other legends that may be required by state or federal securities laws 
 THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN FORFEITURE RESTRICTIONS AND RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AS SET FORTH IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE STOCKHOLDER, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY. 
 (b) Holder agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records. 
 (c) The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement, or (ii) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such shares shall have been so transferred. 
 IV.7 Governing Law Severability Venue . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. Should any provision of this Agreement be determined by a court of law to be illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain enforceable. Any suit brought with respect to the Award, the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement shall be brought in the state or federal courts sitting in San Diego County, California, the parties hereby waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper. The jurisdiction agreement contained in this Section 4.7 is made for the benefit of the Company only, and the Company retains the right to bring proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. By signing the Grant Notice, Holder is deemed to have agreed to submit to such jurisdiction. THE PARTIES ALSO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY HAVE OR MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 
 IV.8 Conformity to Securities Laws . Holder acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Awards are granted, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
 IV.9 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Holder is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Shares shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any 
 A-6 

applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
 IV.10 Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator , provided, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall impair any rights or obligations under the Award in any material way without the prior written consent of Holder. 
 IV.11 Notices . A ny notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s corporate headquarters or to the then-current email address for the Secretary of the Company, and any notice to be given to Holder shall be addressed to Holder at the most recent physical or email address for Holder listed in the Company s personnel records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 4.11, either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 
 IV.12 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon Holder and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 IV.13 Paperless Administration . By accepting this Award, Holder hereby agrees to receive documentation related to the Award by electronic delivery, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 IV.14 Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings and agreements between the Company and Holder with respect to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation, the provisions of any employment agreement or offer letter regarding equity awards to be awarded to Holder by the Company, or any other oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings or agreements by the Company or any of its representatives regarding equity awards to be awarded to Holder by the Company. 
 IV.15 Data Protection . Holder hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Holder s Data (as defined below) by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Subsidiaries (the Company Group for the purpose of administering his or her participation in the Plan. For purposes of this Section 4.15, Data means Holder s personal information, including, but not limited to, Holder s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number, cedula or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares of stock or directorships held in the Company and details of all Awards held by Holder. Holder understands that Data will be transferred to such stock plan service providers as may be selected by the Company, which are assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Holder understands that the recipients of the Data may be subject to different data privacy laws and protections than those in Holder s country. Holder authorizes the Company Group and any other 
 A-7 

possible recipients which may assist the Company with administering the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of administering Holder s participation in the Plan. Holder understands that he or she may, at any time, request additional information about this consent (including a list with the names and addresses of all recipients of the Data), or withdraw this consent, by contacting in writing Holder s local human resources representative. Withdrawal of this consent may affect Holder s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 IV.16 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 IV.17 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
 A-8 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 a1011formofrsunoticeandagr.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

PRICESMART, INC. 
 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 PriceSmart, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), pursuant to the PriceSmart, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as Amended (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below Holder ), an award of restricted stock units Restricted Stock Units or RSUs with respect to the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares indicated below. Each RSU is hereby granted in tandem with a corresponding dividend equivalent, as further described in Article II of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Dividend Equivalents ). This award for Restricted Stock Units and Dividend Equivalents (this Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan, each of which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 Holder 
 Grant Date 
 Total Number of RSUs 
 Subject to Award 
 Vesting Schedule The RSUs shall vest as follows 

Shares 
 Vest Date 
 
 In addition, the RSUs shall vest immediately (i) prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control, and (ii) upon Termination of Service due to Holder s death or Disability, so long as the Holder (A) received this Award in his or her capacity as an Employee or Consultant, and (B) was in good standing as of the date of Termination of Service and was employed by or providing services to the Company or an Affiliate for at least one year prior to the date of the Termination of Service. 
 . 
 Distribution Schedule The Shares shall be distributable as the RSUs vest pursuant to the Vesting Schedule as further described in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 Holder s Employer Holder is an employee of 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE TO EMPLOYEE OF FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY 
 
 Instructions Print this page, sign below and return the completed page to the office of the Company s general counsel. 
 
 By his or her signature below, Holder agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice to which this signature page is attached. Holder has reviewed the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this signature page and fully understands all provisions of the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan. Holder has been provided with a copy or electronic access to a copy of the prospectus for the Plan. Holder hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice or the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 PRICESMART, INC. HOLDER Print By 
 ______________________ 
 Name Michael L. McCleary Name Title Chief Financial Officer Address 9740 Scranton Road 
 San Diego, CA 92121 

EXHIBIT A TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE PRICESMART, INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice to which this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this Agreement is attached, the Company has granted to Holder the right to receive the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice, and their corresponding Dividend Equivalents pursuant to Article II, subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan. The Grant Notice and this Agreement are subject to the Plan, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 ARTICLE I. AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 I.1 Award of Restricted Stock Units . 
 (a) Award . The Company recognizes that the members of its and each of its Subsidiaries management teams have unique knowledge and experience which is important for the operational success of the Company s business, and which competitors in the retail industry, locally and internationally, may find desirable to obtain. The Company therefore believes that it is important to encourage and protect continuity among the management of the Company and its Subsidiaries, so as to help ensure the Company s success. To promote the management continuity in the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Company offers incentives, additional to those offered to Holder by the Subsidiary of the Company that employs Holder, as reflected in the Grant Notice. In consideration of Holder s past service to the Subsidiary that employs Holder or agreement to remain in the service of the Subsidiary that employs Holder, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company hereby grants to Holder the right to receive the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice and their corresponding Dividend Equivalents pursuant to Article II, subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan. Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share. Prior to actual issuance of any Shares, the Award, including the RSUs and the Dividend Equivalents conferred hereby, represents an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable only from the general assets of the Company. 
 (b) Vesting Effect of Termination of Service . The RSUs subject to the Award shall vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, Holder will have no right to any distribution with respect to such RSUs. In the event of Holder s Termination of Service to a Subsidiary prior to the vesting of all of the RSUs (other than a Termination of Service due to death or Disability), any unvested RSUs will terminate automatically without any further action by the Company and be forfeited without further notice and at no cost to the Company. The RSUs shall vest immediately upon Termination of Service due to Holder s death or Disability, so long as the Holder (A) received the RSUs in his or her capacity as an Employee or Consultant, and (B) was in good standing as of the date of Termination of Service and was employed by or providing services to the Company or an Affiliate for at least one year prior to the date of the Termination of Service. 
 A-1 

(c) Distribution of Shares . 
 (i) Shares of Common Stock, to which the Holder is entitled, shall be distributed to Holder (or in the event of Holder s death, to his or her estate) with respect to such Holder s vested RSUs within ten (10) days following the date on which such RSUs vest pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (ii) All distributions shall be made by the Company in the form of whole shares of Common Stock. Fractional Shares issuable upon vesting of the RSUs shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. 
 (iii) Neither the time nor form of distribution of Common Stock with respect to the RSUs may be changed, except as may be permitted by the Administrator in accordance with the Plan and Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
 (d) Generally . Shares issued under the Award shall be issued to Holder (or in the event of Holder s death, to his or her estate) in either (a) uncertificated form, with the Shares recorded in the name of Holder in the books and records of the Company s transfer agent with appropriate notations regarding the restrictions on transfer imposed pursuant to this Agreement or (b) certificate form. 
 I.2 Taxes . 
 (a) Representation . Holder has reviewed with Holder s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Holder is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Holder understands that Holder (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Holder s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 (b) Tax Withholding . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company and its Subsidiary that is Holder s employer have the authority to deduct or withhold, or require Holder to remit to the Company or Holder s employer, an amount sufficient to satisfy any Tax Liability (as defined below) with respect to any taxable event arising pursuant to this Agreement. Holder hereby authorizes either the Company or Holder s employer to satisfy Holder s obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by one or a combination of the following, in the Company s or Holder s employer s discretion 
 (i) Withholding from the number of Shares otherwise issuable upon vesting of the RSUs or pursuant to payment of Dividend Equivalents in shares of Common Stock such number of shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Liability 
 
 (ii) Deducting the amount of such Tax Liability from any Dividend Equivalent to be paid in cash 
 
 (iii) Deducting the amount of such Tax Liability from other compensation payable to Holder or 
 
 (iv) Electing to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on Holder s behalf a whole number of shares of Common Stock from those Shares issuable to Holder upon settlement of the RSUs or the Dividend Equivalents as the Company 
 A-2 

determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy Holder s Tax Liability (and any broker s fees and other costs of sale) and to remit the proceeds of such sale to the Company or the Subsidiary with respect to which the Tax Liability arises or 
 
 (v) Any combination of the foregoing. 
 
 (c) In the event of any broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of withholding taxes as provided in Section 1.2(b)(iv) above (i) any Shares to be sold through a broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the Tax Liability arises or as soon thereafter as practicable (ii) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price (iii) Holder will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and Holder agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale (iv) to the extent the proceeds of such sale exceed the applicable tax withholding obligation, the Company agrees to pay such excess in cash to Holder as soon as reasonably practicable (v) Holder acknowledges that the Company or its designee is under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price, and that the proceeds of any such sale may not be sufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligation and (vi) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligation, Holder agrees to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its Subsidiary with respect to which the withholding obligation arises an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Tax Liability. Holder s acceptance of this Award constitutes Holder s instruction and authorization to the Company and such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described above. 
 (d) Holder is ultimately liable and responsible for any Tax Liability owed in connection with the RSUs or the Dividend Equivalents, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs or the Dividend Equivalents. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the awarding, vesting or payment of the RSUs or the Dividend Equivalents or the subsequent sale of the Shares. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not commit and are under no obligation to structure this Award to reduce or eliminate Holder s tax liability. 
 (e) For purposes of this Agreement, the Tax Liability shall mean (i) all U.S. federal, state, local and any non-U.S. withholding or other taxes applicable to the taxable income of Holder, plus (ii) if permitted under the laws of the jurisdiction in which Holder resides, any liability of Holder s employing company, if different, for income tax, withholding tax and any other employment related taxes or social security contributions in any jurisdiction, in each case resulting from the grant of Shares or the lapse or removal of the restrictions set forth in this Agreement or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement. To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Company shall withhold for the Tax Liability by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates in the Holder s country of residence. 
 
 I.3 Conditions to Issuance of Shares . The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any Shares upon settlement of the RSUs prior to fulfillment of all of the conditions set forth in Section 11.4 of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE II. 
 DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 
 A-3 

2.1 Dividend Equivalents . Notwithstanding Section 3.2 hereof, for so long as unvested RSUs are outstanding under this Agreement, Holder shall have the right specifically described herein and no others, to receive distributions (the Dividend Equivalents from the Company equal to any dividends or other distributions (cash or securities) that would have been distributed to Holder if each then-unvested RSU were instead an outstanding Share owned by Holder. The Dividend Equivalents shall be paid at the same time, in the same form and in the same manner as dividends are paid to the holders of Shares of the Company, subject to any applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 1.2, but in no event shall such Dividend Equivalents be paid later than the March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which the related dividend or distribution is declared. 
 
 2.2 Termination of Eligibility for Dividend Equivalents . In no event shall Holder be eligible for a Dividend Equivalent (i) with respect to any dividend or distribution the record date for which is after Holder s Termination of Service, or (ii) with respect to any RSU that has been terminated prior to the applicable record date of the dividend or distribution for any reason, whether due to payment pursuant to Section 1.1(c), forfeiture or otherwise. 
 I.1 No Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 13.2 of the Plan, no adjustment shall be made to any unvested RSUs pursuant to Section 13.2 of the Plan with respect to any dividend or distribution to the extent that Dividend Equivalents are paid to Holder in connection therewith. 
 2.4 Separate Payments . Dividend Equivalents and any amounts that may become distributable in respect thereof shall be treated separately from the RSUs and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of the designation of time and form of payments required by Section 409A of the Code. 
 ARTICLE III. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 III.1 Award and Interests Not Transferable . This Award, including the RSUs awarded hereunder and the corresponding Dividend Equivalents awarded hereunder, and the rights and privileges conferred hereby, may not be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, unless and until the Shares issuable pursuant to the Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such Shares have lapsed. This Award and the rights and privileges conferred hereby, including the RSUs and the corresponding Dividend Equivalents awarded hereunder, shall not be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of Holder or his or her successors in interest and shall not be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by the preceding sentence. 
 III.2 Rights as Stockholder . Neither Holder nor any person claiming under or through Holder shall have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares issuable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in uncertificated form) will have been issued and recorded on the books and records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Holder (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). 
 A-4 

After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Holder shall have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including with respect to the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any cash or share dividends or other distributions paid to or made with respect to the Shares. 
 III.3 Forfeiture and Claw-Back Provisions . Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that the RSUs and any Shares issuable upon distribution thereof are subject to the provisions of Section 11.5 of the Plan. 
 III.4 Adjustments . Holder acknowledges that the RSUs, including the vesting of the RSUs and the number of Shares issuable upon distribution thereof, are subject to adjustment in the discretion of the Administrator upon the occurrence of certain events as provided in this Agreement and Section 13.2 of the Plan. 
 III.5 No Right to Continued Service or Awards Not a Contract of Employment or Service . 
 (a) Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice, or this Agreement shall confer upon Holder any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary, shall form part of any contract of employment or service between the Company or any Subsidiary and Holder, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Holder at any time for any reason whatsoever, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or any Subsidiary and Holder. No services are requested nor required, from Holder to the Company, for the purposes of this Award. 
 (b) The grant of the RSUs is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right or interest to receive a grant of Awards or benefits in lieu of Awards in the future or otherwise. Future grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. In addition, the value of the RSUs and the Shares issuable upon distribution thereof is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of any employment contract. As such, neither the RSUs, the Dividend Equivalents nor the Shares issuable upon distribution thereof are part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments. The future value of the underlying Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 (c) The rights or opportunity granted to Holder to receive an Award of RSUs or Dividend Equivalents shall not give Holder any rights or additional rights and if Holder ceases to be employed by Holder s employer, Holder shall not be entitled to compensation for the loss of any right or benefit or prospective right or benefit under the Plan (including, in particular but not by way of limitation, any Awards held by him or her which lapse or are forfeited by reason of his or her ceasing to be employed by Holder s employer) whether by way of damages for unfair dismissal, wrongful dismissal, breach of contract or otherwise. 
 (d) Holder shall not be entitled to any compensation or damages for any loss or potential loss which he or she may suffer by reason of being unable to acquire or retain the RSUs, the Dividend Equivalents or the Shares issuable upon distribution thereon, or any interest in the RSUs, Dividend Equivalents or Shares in consequence of the loss or Termination of Service with Holder s employer for any reason whatsoever (whether or not the termination is ultimately held to be wrongful or unfair). 
 A-5 

(e) Holder acknowledges that a fundamental purpose of the Award of RSUs and Dividend Equivalents represented by this Agreement is to provide an incentive for Holder to maintain continued employment with Holder s employer (as to which the Company has an interest in maintaining management stability). 
 (f) By accepting the grant of the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents and not renouncing it, Holder is deemed to have agreed to the provisions of this Section 3.5. 
 III.6 Governing Law Severability Venue . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. Should any provision of this Agreement be determined by a court of law to be illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain enforceable. Any suit brought with respect to the Award, the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement shall be brought in the state or federal courts sitting in San Diego County, California, the parties hereby waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper. The jurisdiction agreement contained in this Section 3.6 is made for the benefit of the Company only, and the Company retains the right to bring proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. By signing the Grant Notice, Holder is deemed to have agreed to submit to such jurisdiction. THE PARTIES ALSO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY HAVE OR MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 
 III.7 Conformity to Securities Laws . Holder acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Awards are granted, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
 III.8 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Holder is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Award shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
 III.9 Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator , provided, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall impair any rights or obligations under the Award in any material way without the prior written consent of Holder. 
 III.10 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s corporate headquarters or to the then-current email address for the Secretary of the Company, and any notice to be given to Holder shall be addressed to Holder at the most recent physical or email address for Holder listed in the Company s personnel records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 3.10, either party may 
 A-6 

hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 
 III.11 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon Holder and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 III.12 Section 409A . This Agreement is not intended to provide for any deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly, the Shares issuable pursuant to the RSUs and the Dividend Equivalents corresponding thereto shall be distributed to Holder no later than the later of (a) the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following Executive s first taxable year in which such RSUs or Dividend Equivalents, as applicable, are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and (b) the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following first taxable year of the Company in which such severance benefit is no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, as determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. Each payment under this Agreement shall be considered a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 III.13 Paperless Administration . By accepting this Award, Holder hereby agrees to receive documentation related to the Award by electronic delivery, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 III.14 Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings and agreements between the Company and Holder with respect to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation, the provisions of any employment agreement or offer letter regarding equity awards to be awarded to Holder by the Company, or any other oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings or agreements by the Company or any of its representatives regarding equity awards to be awarded to Holder by the Company. 
 III.15 Data Protection . Holder hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Holder s Data (as defined below) by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Subsidiaries (the Company Group for the purpose of administering his or her participation in the Plan. For purposes of this Section 3.15, Data means Holder s personal information, including, but not limited to, Holder s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number, cedula or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares of stock or directorships held in the Company and details of all Awards held by Holder. Holder understands that Data will be transferred to such stock plan service providers as may be selected by the Company, which are assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Holder understands that the recipients of the Data may be subject to different data privacy laws and protections than those in Holder s country. Holder authorizes the Company Group and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company with administering the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of administering Holder s participation in the Plan. Holder understands that he or she may, at any time, request additional 
 A-7 

information about this consent (including a list with the names and addresses of all recipients of the Data), or withdraw this consent, by contacting in writing Holder s local human resources representative. Withdrawal of this consent may affect Holder s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 III.16 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 III.17 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
 A-8 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 a1012formofrsunoticeandagr.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

PRICESMART, INC. 
 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 PriceSmart, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), pursuant to the PriceSmart, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to the holder listed below Holder ), an award of restricted stock units Restricted Stock Units or RSUs with respect to the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Shares indicated below. Each RSU is hereby granted in tandem with a corresponding dividend equivalent, as further described in Article II of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Dividend Equivalents ). This award for Restricted Stock Units and Dividend Equivalents (this Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan, each of which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Grant Notice and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 Holder 
 Grant Date 
 Total Number of RSUs 
 Subject to Award 
 Vesting Schedule The RSUs shall vest as follows 

Shares 
 Vest Date 
 
 In addition, the RSUs shall vest immediately (i) prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control, and (ii) upon Termination of Service due to Holder s death or Disability. 
 By his or her signature and the Company s signature below, Holder agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and this Grant Notice. Holder has reviewed the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Plan and this Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of this Grant Notice, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan. Holder has been provided with electronic access to a copy of the prospectus for the Plan. Holder hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 PRICESMART, INC. HOLDER 

Print 
 By 
 ______________________ 
 Name Michael L. McCleary Name Title Chief Financial Officer Address 9740 Scranton Road 
 San Diego, CA 92121 

EXHIBIT A TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE PRICESMART, INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice to which this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this Agreement is attached, the Company has granted to Holder the right to receive the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice, and their corresponding Dividend Equivalents pursuant to Article II, subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan. The Grant Notice and this Agreement are subject to the Plan, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 ARTICLE I. AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 I.1 Award of Restricted Stock Units . 
 (a) Award . In consideration of Holder s agreement to remain in the service of the Company or any Affiliate thereof, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company hereby grants to Holder the right to receive the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice and their corresponding Dividend Equivalents pursuant to Article II, subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Grant Notice and the Plan. Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share. Prior to actual issuance of any Shares, the Award, including the RSUs and the Dividend Equivalents conferred hereby, represents an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable only from the general assets of the Company. 
 (b) Vesting Effect of Termination of Service . The RSUs subject to the Award shall vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, Holder will have no right to any distribution with respect to such RSUs. In the event of Holder s Termination of Service prior to the vesting of all of the RSUs (other than a Termination of Service due to death or Disability) any unvested RSUs will terminate automatically without any further action by the Company and be forfeited without further notice and at no cost to the Company. The RSUs shall vest immediately upon Termination of Service due to Holder s death or Disability. 
 (c) Distribution of Shares . 
 (i) Shares of Common Stock shall be distributed to Holder (or in the event of Holder s death, to his or her estate) with respect to such Holder s vested RSUs within ten (10) days following the date on which such RSUs vest pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (ii) All distributions shall be made by the Company in the form of whole shares of Common Stock. Fractional Shares issuable upon vesting of the RSUs shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. 
 A-1 

(iii) Neither the time nor form of distribution of Common Stock with respect to the RSUs may be changed, except as may be permitted by the Administrator in accordance with the Plan and Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
 (d) Generally . Shares issued under the Award shall be issued to Holder (or in the event of Holder s death, to his or her estate) in either (a) uncertificated form, with the Shares recorded in the name of Holder in the books and records of the Company s transfer agent with appropriate notations regarding the restrictions on transfer imposed pursuant to this Agreement or (b) certificate form. 
 I.2 Taxes . 
 (a) Representation . Holder has reviewed with Holder s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Holder is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Holder understands that Holder (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Holder s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 (b) Tax Withholding . In the event the Non-Employee Director becomes an Employee at any time following the Grant Date but prior to the distribution of Shares in respect of the RSUs, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any certificate representing Shares issuable with respect to the RSUs to Holder or his or her legal representative unless and until Holder or his or her legal representative shall have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes applicable with respect to the taxable income of Holder resulting from the vesting of the RSUs, the distribution of the Shares issuable with respect thereto, or any other taxable event related to the RSUs. 
 I.3 Conditions to Issuance of Stock Certificates . The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any Shares upon settlement of the RSUs prior to fulfillment of all of the conditions set forth in Section 11.4 of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE II. 
 DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 
 
 2.1 Dividend Equivalents . Notwithstanding Section 3.2 hereof, for so long as unvested RSUs are outstanding under this Agreement, Holder shall have the right to receive distributions (the Dividend Equivalents from the Company equal to any dividends or other distributions (cash or securities) that would have been distributed to Holder if each then-unvested RSU were instead an outstanding Share owned by Holder. The Dividend Equivalents shall be paid at the same time, in the same form and in the same manner as dividends are paid to the holders of Shares of the Company, subject to any applicable tax withholding as provided in Section 1.2, but in no event shall such Dividend Equivalents be paid later than the March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which the related dividend or distribution is declared. 
 
 2.2 Termination of Eligibility for Dividend Equivalents . In no event shall Holder be eligible for a Dividend Equivalent (i) with respect to any dividend or distribution the record date for which is after Holder s Termination of Service, or (ii) with respect to any RSU that has been terminated prior to the 
 A-2 

applicable record date of the dividend or distribution for any reason, whether due to payment pursuant to Section 1.19c), forfeiture or otherwise. 
 I.1 No Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 13.2 of the Plan, no adjustment shall be made to any unvested RSUs pursuant to Section 13.2 of the Plan with respect to any dividend or distribution to the extent that Dividend Equivalents are paid to Holder in connection therewith. 
 2.4 Separate Payments . Dividend Equivalents and any amounts that may become distributable in respect thereof shall be treated separately from the RSUs and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of the designation of time and form of payments required by Section 409A of the Code. 
 ARTICLE III. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 III.1 Award and Interests Not Transferable . This Award, including the RSUs awarded hereunder and the corresponding Dividend Equivalents awarded hereunder, and the rights and privileges conferred hereby, may not be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, unless and until the Shares issuable pursuant to the Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such Shares have lapsed. This Award and the rights and privileges conferred hereby, including the RSUs and the corresponding Dividend Equivalents awarded hereunder, shall not be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of Holder or his or her successors in interest and shall not be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by the preceding sentence. 
 III.2 Rights as Stockholder . Neither Holder nor any person claiming under or through Holder shall have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares issuable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in uncertificated form) will have been issued and recorded on the books and records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Holder (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Holder shall have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including with respect to the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any cash or share dividends or other distributions paid to or made with respect to the Shares. 
 III.3 Forfeiture and Claw-Back Provisions . Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that the RSUs and any Shares issuable upon distribution thereof are subject to the provisions of Section 11.5 of the Plan. 
 III.4 Adjustments . Holder acknowledges that the RSUs, including the vesting of the RSUs and the number of Shares issuable upon distribution thereof, are subject to adjustment in the discretion of the Administrator upon the occurrence of certain events as provided in this Agreement and Section 13.2 of the Plan. 
 III.5 No Right to Continued Service or Awards Not a Contract of Employment or Service . 
 A-3 

(a) Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice, or this Agreement shall confer upon Holder any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Affiliate, shall form part of any contract of employment or service between the Company or any Affiliate and Holder, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Affiliate, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Holder at any time for any reason whatsoever, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and Holder. 
 (b) The grant of the RSUs is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right or interest to receive a grant of Awards or benefits in lieu of Awards in the future or otherwise. Future grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. In addition, the value of the RSUs and the Shares issuable upon distribution thereof is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of any employment contract. As such, neither the RSUs, the Dividend Equivalents nor the Shares issuable upon distribution thereof are part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments. The future value of the underlying Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 III.6 Governing Law Severability Venue . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. Should any provision of this Agreement be determined by a court of law to be illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain enforceable. Any suit brought with respect to the Award, the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement shall be brought in the state or federal courts sitting in San Diego County, California, the parties hereby waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper. The jurisdiction agreement contained in this Section 3.6 is made for the benefit of the Company only, and the Company retains the right to bring proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. By signing the Grant Notice, Holder is deemed to have agreed to submit to such jurisdiction. THE PARTIES ALSO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY HAVE OR MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 
 III.7 Conformity to Securities Laws . Holder acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Awards are granted, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 
 III.8 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Award shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 
 A-4 

III.9 Amendment, Suspension and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator, provided, that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall impair any rights or obligations under the Award in any material way without the prior written consent of Holder. 
 III.10 Notices . A ny notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company s corporate headquarters or to the then-current email address for the Secretary of the Company, and any notice to be given to Holder shall be addressed to Holder at the most recent physical or email address for Holder listed in the Company s personnel records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 3.10, either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 
 III.11 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon Holder and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 III.12 Section 409A . This Agreement is not intended to provide for any deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly, the Shares issuable pursuant to the RSUs and the Dividend Equivalents corresponding thereto shall be distributed to Holder no later than the later of (a) the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following Executive s first taxable year in which such RSUs or Dividend Equivalents, as applicable, are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and (b) the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following first taxable year of the Company in which such severance benefit is no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, as determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. Each payment under this Agreement shall be considered a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 III.13 Paperless Administration . By accepting this Award, Holder hereby agrees to receive documentation related to the Award by electronic delivery, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 III.14 Entire Agreement . The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings and agreements between the Company and Holder with respect to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation, the provisions of any employment agreement or offer letter regarding equity awards to be awarded to Holder by the Company, or any other oral, implied or written promises, statements, understandings, undertakings or agreements by the Company or any of its representatives regarding equity awards to be awarded to Holder by the Company. 
 III.15 Data Protection . Holder hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Holder s Data (as defined below) by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates (the Company Group for the purpose of administering his 
 A-5 

or her participation in the Plan. For purposes of this Section 3.15, Data means Holder s personal information, including, but not limited to, Holder s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number, cedula or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares of stock or directorships held in the Company and details of all Awards held by Holder. Holder understands that Data will be transferred to such stock plan service providers as may be selected by the Company, which are assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Holder understands that the recipients of the Data may be subject to different data privacy laws and protections than those in Holder s country. Holder authorizes the Company Group and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company with administering the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of administering Holder s participation in the Plan. Holder understands that he or she may, at any time, request additional information about this consent (including a list with the names and addresses of all recipients of the Data), or withdraw this consent, by contacting in writing the Company s general counsel. Withdrawal of this consent may affect Holder s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 III.16 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 III.17 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
 
 A-6 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.26>
 5
 employmentagreementws.htm
 EX-10.26

Document 

AMENDMENT TO 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment to Employment Agreement (this Amendment is dated as of June 18, 2024 (the Effective Date and is entered into by and between PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company and Wayne Sadin (the Executive ). 
 WHEREAS , the Company and the Executive entered into an Employment Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2023 (the Agreement ). 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company and the Executive desire to amend the Agreement to extend the term thereof by one (1) year and 
 
 WHEREAS , all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 
 1. Amendment . Section 2 of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 2. Term . This Agreement and the Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement shall begin on July 1, 2023 (the Effective Date and end on the second anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date ), unless terminated earlier by the Company or the Executive pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement (the Term ). 
 
 2. Miscellaneous . Nothing in this Amendment shall constitute or be deemed to constitute an amendment of any provision of, or a waiver of the rights of any party under, the Agreement except as expressly set out in this Amendment. Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Upon the execution hereof, this Amendment and the Agreement shall constitute one agreement. The term Agreement as used in the Agreement shall mean the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Upon the execution and delivery of this Amendment by each of the parties named on this signature pages hereof, this Amendment shall be deemed to be in full force and effect, and the terms and conditions herein shall be legally binding on each party hereto. 

Signature Page Follows 

518337399v.1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 
 PRICESMART, INC. 

By s FRANCISCO VELASCO 
 Name Francisco Velasco 
 Title Executive Vice President Chief Legal Officer, Chief Risk & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 EXECUTIVE 

s WAYNE SADIN ____________________ 
 Wayne Sadin 
 
 518337399v.1 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-19.1>
 6
 insidertradingpolicy.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

Insider Trading Policy 
 POLICY ID # CORP_LEGAL_001 
 Original Implementation Date March 2012 
 DEPARTMENT LEGAL 
 Revision Date December 2020, September 2022 and September 2023 
 Approved by Francisco Velasco 

1.0 POLICY 
 Summary 
 
 As an essential part of our work many of us have access to material, non-public information regarding PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company ). This Insider Trading Policy (the Policy sets forth the Company s policy that neither the Company nor any of its directors or employees may trade in any securities of the Company or any other company whenever in possession of material, non-public information regarding the Company or such other company. In addition, neither the Company nor any of its directors or employees may trade in any securities of the Company during the period beginning at the close of market on the fifteenth calendar day of the third month of each fiscal quarter of the Company and ending after two full days of trading have occurred following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for that fiscal quarter (the Blackout Period whether or not the Company or any of its directors, or employees is in possession of material, non-public information. Insider trading is a crime and the penalties for violating the law include imprisonment, disgorgement of profits, civil fines of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, and criminal fines of up to 5,000,000 for individuals and 
 25,000,000 for entities. Insider trading is also prohibited by this Policy and could result in serious sanctions, including dismissal. 
 This Policy applies to all directors and employees of the Company and extends to all activities within and outside an individual s duties at the Company. Every director and employee must review this Policy. Questions regarding the Policy should be directed to the Company s Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary. 
 
 General Policy and Blackout Periods 
 Neither the Company nor any of its directors or employees may trade in any securities of the Company or any other company whenever in possession of material, non-public information regarding the Company or such other company. In addition, neither the Company nor any of its directors or employees may trade in any securities of the Company during the Blackout Period 

whether or not the Company or any of its directors, or employees is in possession of material, non- public information. The Company also may require that directors or employees suspend trading in Company securities because of developments that have not yet been disclosed to the public. All those affected should not trade in our securities while the suspension is in effect, and should not disclose to others that we have suspended trading. 

The term trade or trading means broadly any transaction to acquire, transfer or dispose of securities of the Company (including without limitation, acquisitions and dispositions of Company stock, the cashless exercise of stock options, the sale of Company stock issued upon exercise of stock options, and gifts of Company stock). The only exceptions to these requirements are (a) the exercise of options that does not involve the sale of Company securities (the cashless exercise of a Company stock option does involve the sale of Company securities, and therefore would not qualify under this exception), (b) the repurchase of shares of restricted stock by the Company on vesting dates to satisfy tax withholding, and (c) purchases or sales of Company securities made pursuant to any binding contract, specific instruction or written plan entered into while the purchaser or seller, as applicable, was unaware of any material, non-public information and which contract, instruction or plan (i) meets all requirements of the affirmative defense provided by Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), (ii) was pre-cleared in advance, as applicable, pursuant to this Policy and (iii) has not been amended or modified in any respect after such initial pre-clearance except in accordance with this Policy. For purposes of this Policy, an election to participate in a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP does not, by itself, satisfy the requirements for an approved Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Accordingly, the purchase of stock pursuant to a DRIP is prohibited under this Policy unless 
 (x) the transaction is pre-cleared in accordance with this Policy and the purchase of shares thereunder occurs during an open window period or (y) participation in the DRIP is a component of an approved, written Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. 
 
 Additional Procedures Preventing Insider Trading 
 Information Relating to the Company 
 Access to Information . Reasonable steps should be taken so as to appropriately limit access to material, non-public information about the Company (including the Company s business, earnings or prospects) to directors and employees of the Company on a need-to-know basis. In addition, such information should not be communicated to anyone outside the Company under any circumstances (absent prior approval by the Company s General Counsel and execution of an appropriate confidentiality agreement) or to anyone within the Company on other than a need to know basis. 
 
 In communicating material, non-public information to employees of the Company, all directors and employees must take care to emphasize the need for confidential treatment of such information and adherence to the Company s policies with regard to confidential information. 
 Inquiries from Third Parties . Inquiries from third parties, such as industry analysts or members of the media, about the Company should be directed to the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 Limitations on Access to the Company Information 

Personnel involved with material, non-public information, to the extent feasible, should conduct their business and activities in areas separate from other Company activities. All directors and employees should take reasonable steps and precautions necessary to restrict access to, and secure, material, non-public information by, among other things 
 
 Maintaining the confidentiality of Company-related transactions 
 
 Conducting their business and social activities so as not to risk inadvertent disclosure of confidential information. Review of confidential documents in public places should be conducted so as to prevent access by unauthorized persons 
 
 Restricting access to documents and files (including computer files) containing material, non-public information to individuals on a need-to- know basis (including maintaining control over the distribution of documents and drafts of documents) 
 
 Promptly removing and cleaning up all confidential documents and other materials from conference rooms following the conclusion of any meetings 
 
 Disposing of all confidential documents and other papers after there is no longer any business or other legally required need through shredders when appropriate 
 
 Restricting access to areas likely to contain confidential documents or material, non-public information and 
 
 Avoiding the discussion of material, non-public information in places where the information could be overheard by others such as in elevators, restrooms, hallways, restaurants, airplanes or taxicabs. 
 
 Avoidance of Certain Aggressive or Speculative Trading 
 Directors and employees and their respective family members (including spouses, minor children, or any other family members living in the same household), should ordinarily not directly or indirectly participate in transactions involving trading activities which by their aggressive or speculative nature may give rise to an appearance of impropriety. Such activities would include the purchase of put or call options, or the writing of such options. 
 
 1.1 PURPOSE 
 Explanation of Insider Trading 
 As noted above, insider trading refers to the purchase or sale of a security while in possession of material non-public information relating to the security. Securities include not only stocks, bonds, notes and debentures, but also options, warrants and similar instruments. Purchase and sale are defined broadly under the federal securities law. Purchase includes not only the actual purchase of a security, but any contract to purchase or otherwise acquire a security. Sale includes not only the actual sale of a security, but any contract to sell or otherwise dispose of a security. These definitions extend to a broad range of 

transactions including conventional cash for stock transactions, conversions, the grant and exercise of stock options and acquisitions and exercises of warrants or puts, calls or other options related to a security. It is generally understood that insider trading includes the following 
 Trading by insiders while in possession of material, non-public information 
 
 Trading by persons other than insiders while in possession of material, non-public information where the trading person knows that the information either was given in breach of an insider s fiduciary duty to keep it confidential or was misappropriated or 
 
 Communicating or tipping material, non-public information to others, including recommending the purchase or sale of a security while in possession of such information. 
 
 What Facts are Material 
 The materiality of a fact depends upon the circumstances. A fact is considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making a decision to buy, sell or hold a security or where the fact is likely to have a significant effect on the market price of the security. Material information can be positive or negative and can relate to virtually any aspect of a company s business or to any type of security, debt or equity. 
 
 Examples of material information include (but are not limited to) facts concerning corporate earnings, earnings forecasts, possible acquisitions, significant financing developments, plans for new warehouse clubs, real estate transactions, changes in dividend policies, changes in management, important business developments and major litigation developments. Moreover, material information does not have to be related to a company s business. For example, the contents of a forthcoming newspaper column that is expected to affect the market price of a security can be material. 
 A good general rule of thumb when in doubt, do not trade . 
 
 What is Non-public 
 
 Information is non-public if it is not available to the general public. In order for information to be considered public, it must be widely disseminated by the Company by way of a Company press release, Company conference call for which reasonable advance notice has been given to the public, or an Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), or possibly, otherwise in a manner making it generally available to investors through such media as GlobeNewswire, PR Newswire, Dow Jones, The Wall Street Journal, Associated Press or United Press International. The circulation of rumors, even if accurate and reported in the media, does not constitute effective public dissemination. 
 In addition, even after a public announcement by the Company of material information, a reasonable period of time must lapse in order for the market to react to the information. Company directors and employees (and anyone else who has material inside information about 

the Company) therefore must allow at least two trading days following publication as a reasonable waiting period before such information is deemed to be public. 
 
 Penalties for Engaging in Insider Trading 
 Penalties for trading on or tipping material, non-public information can extend significantly beyond any profits made or losses avoided, both for individuals engaging in such unlawful conduct and their employers. The SEC and Department of Justice have made the civil 

and criminal prosecution of insider trading violations a top priority. Enforcement remedies available to the government or private plaintiffs under the federal securities laws include 
 For individuals 
 a civil penalty of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided 
 
 a criminal fine (no matter how small the profit) of up to 5 million and 
 
 a jail term of up to 20 years. For a company 
 a civil penalty of the greater of 1 million or three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the employee s violation and 
 
 a criminal penalty of up to 25 million. 
 
 In addition, insider trading could result in serious sanctions by the Company, including dismissal. Insider trading violations are not limited to violations of the federal securities laws other federal and state civil or criminal laws, such as the laws prohibiting mail and wire fraud and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), also may be violated upon the occurrence of insider trading. 
 
 Size of Transaction and Reason for Transaction Do Not Matter 
 The size of the transaction or the amount of profit received does not have to be significant to result in prosecution. The SEC has the ability to monitor even the smallest trades and the SEC performs routine market surveillance. Brokers or dealers are required by law to inform the SEC of any possible violations by people who may have material non-public information. The SEC aggressively investigates even small insider trading violations. 
 
 Examples of Insider Trading 
 Examples of insider trading cases include actions brought against corporate directors and employees who traded a company s securities after learning of significant confidential corporate developments friends, business associates, family members, and other tippees of such officers, directors, and employees who traded the securities after receiving such information government employees who learned of such information in the course of their employment and other persons who misappropriated, and took advantage of, confidential information from their employers. 

The following are illustrations of insider trading violations. These illustrations are hypothetical and, consequently, not intended to reflect on the actual activities or business of the Company or any other entity. 
 
 Trading by Insider An officer of X Corporation learns that earnings to be reported by X Corporation will increase dramatically. Prior to the public announcement of such earnings, the officer purchases X Corporation s stock. The officer, an insider, is liable for all profits as well as penalties of up to three times the amount of all profits. The officer also is subject to, among other things, criminal prosecution, including up to 5,000,000 in additional fines and 20 years in jail. Depending upon the circumstances, X Corporation and the individual to whom the officer reports also could be liable as controlling persons. 
 
 Trading by Tippee An officer of X Corporation tells a friend that X Corporation is about to publicly announce that it has concluded an agreement for a major acquisition. This tip causes the friend to purchase X Corporation s stock in advance of the announcement. The officer is jointly liable with his friend for all of the friend s profits and each is liable for all penalties of up to three times the amount of the friend s profits. In addition, the officer and his friend are subject to, among other things, criminal prosecution, as described above. 
 
 3.0 SCOPE 
 Who is an Insider 
 Insiders include directors and employees of a company and anyone else who has material inside information about a company. Insiders have independent fiduciary duties to their company and its stockholders not to trade on material, non-public information relating to the company s securities. All directors and employees of the Company should consider themselves insiders with respect to material, non-public information about business, activities and securities. Directors and employees may not trade the Company s securities while in possession of material, non-public information relating to the Company nor tip such information to others. 
 The policies and prohibitions contained in this Policy will continue to apply to the director or employee after the termination of his or her employment or service with the Company for so long as he or she is in possession of material non-public information about the Company. 
 
 It should be noted that trading by members of a director s or employee s household can be the responsibility of such director or employee under certain circumstances and could give rise to legal and Company imposed sanctions. 
 
 Trading by Persons Other than Insiders 
 Insiders may be liable for communicating or tipping material, non-public information to a third party tippee ), and insider trading violations are not limited to trading or tipping by insiders. Persons other than insiders also can be liable for insider trading, including tippees who trade on material, non-public information with knowledge that the information either was given in breach of an insider s fiduciary duty to keep it confidential or was misappropriated. 
 Tippees inherit an insider s duties and are liable for trading on material, non-public information illegally tipped to them by an insider. Similarly, just as insiders are liable for the 

insider trading of their tippees, so are tippees who pass the information along to others who trade. In other words, a tippee s liability for insider trading is no different from that of an insider. Tippees can obtain material, non-public information by receiving overt tips from others or through, among other things, conversations at social, business or other gatherings. 
 4.0 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Pre-Clearance Requirement 
 All transactions in Company securities (including without limitation, acquisitions and dispositions of Company stock, the cashless exercise of stock options (excluding the exercise of stock options that does not involve the sale of Company securities), the sale of Company stock issued upon exercise of stock options, and gifts of Company stock) by all of the Company s 
 
 personnel listed below must be pre-cleared by the Company s General Counsel (or, in his absence, the Company s Chief Financial Officer) (the Authorizing Officer 
 Directors 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 President 
 Executive Vice Presidents 
 Senior Vice Presidents 
 Members of the Company s Corporate Finance Accounting Department 
 Members of the Company s Legal Department and 
 Executive Assistants to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Transformation Officer and General Counsel. 
 Insider Reporting Requirements, Short Swing Profits and Short Sales 
 Reporting Obligations under Section 16(a) SEC Forms 3, 4 and 5 
 Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act, effectively requires all Company executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders insiders within 10 days after the insider becomes an executive officer, director, or 10 stockholder, to file with the SEC an Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on SEC Form 3 listing the amount of the Company s common stock Stock ), options and warrants that the insider beneficially owns. Following the initial filing on SEC Form 3, every change in the beneficial ownership of the Company s Stock, options and warrants must be reported on SEC Form 4 within two days after such transaction occurs or in certain cases on Form 5 within 45 days after fiscal year end. Pursuant to a recent SEC rule change, insiders must report any gift transactions on Form 4 within two business days following the date of execution of the transaction. Form 4 must be filed even if, as a result of balancing transactions, there has been no net change in holdings. In deciding the day on which a purchase or sale on the open market occurs for purposes of filing Form 4, the trade date rather than the settlement date is ordinarily determinative. 
 Special rules apply in certain situations. If any such executive officer or director purchases or sells any Stock within six months after the event which required him or her to file Form 3, the Form 4 filed with respect to that purchase or sale must also report any other purchases or sales he or she made within the preceding six months which were not previously reported. Similarly, if such executive officer or director purchases or sells any Stock within six months after his or her termination from such position, the transaction must be reported on 

Form 4 if he or she made any purchase or sale within the preceding six months and prior to termination. 
 Recovery of Profits under Section 16(b) 
 For the purpose of preventing the unfair use of information which may have been obtained by an insider, any profits realized by any Company executive officer, director or 10 stockholder from any purchase and sale of Stock during a six month period, so called short-swing profits, may be recovered by the Company. When such a purchase and sale occurs, good faith is no defense. The insider is liable even if compelled to sell for personal reasons and even if the sale takes place after full disclosure and without the use of any inside information. 
 The liability of an insider under Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act is only to the Company itself. The Company, however, cannot waive its right to short swing profits, and any Company stockholder can bring suit in the name of the Company. In connection with this, it must be remembered that reports of ownership filed with the SEC on Form 3, Form 4 or Form 5 pursuant to Section 16(a) (discussed above) are readily available to the public, and certain attorneys carefully monitor these reports for potential Section 16(b) violations. In addition, liabilities under Section 16(b) may require separate disclosure in the Company s annual report to the SEC on Form 10-K or its proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders. No suit may be brought more than two years after the date the profit was realized. However, if the insider fails to file a report of the transaction under Section 16(a), as required, the two-year limitation period does not begin to run until after the transactions giving rise to the profit have been disclosed. Failure to report transactions and late filing of reports require separate disclosure in the Company s proxy statements. 
 Officers and directors should consult the Company s General Counsel prior to engaging in any transactions involving the Company s securities, including without limitation, Stock, options or warrants. 
 Short Sales Prohibited under Section 16(c) 
 Section 16(c) of the 1934 Act effectively prohibits Company executive officers, directors and holders of greater than 10 of the Company s Stock from making short sales of the Company s Stock, i.e., sales of shares which the insider does not own at the time of sale, or sales of Stock against which the insider does not deliver the shares within 20 days after the sale. Under certain circumstances, the purchase or sale of put or call options, or the writing of such options, can result in a violation of Section 16(c). Insiders violating Section 16(c) face criminal liability. 
 The Company s General Counsel should be consulted if you have any questions regarding reporting obligations, short-swing profits or short sales under Section 16. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 Overview 
 SEC Rule 10b5-1 will protect directors and employees of the Company from insider trading liability under Rule 10b5-1 for transactions under a previously established contract, plan or instruction involving potential sales or purchases of the Company s securities or option exercises (a Trading Plan entered into and operated by a director or employee of the Company in good faith and in accordance with the terms of Rule 10b5-1 of the 1934 Act and all 

applicable state laws. The initiation of, and any modification to, any such Trading Plan will be deemed to be a transaction in the Company s securities and such initiation or modification is subject to all limitations and prohibitions of transactions involving the Company s securities. Each such Trading Plan, and any modification thereof, shall be submitted to and pre-approved by the Authorizing Officer, who may impose such conditions on the implementation and operation of the Trading Plan as the Authorizing Officer deems necessary or advisable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Authorizing Officer may prescribe certain forms of Trading Plans to which directors or employees Trading Plans must conform. The Authorizing Officer may also require that Trading Plans be arranged with a specified broker. However, compliance of the Trading Plan to the terms of Rule 10b5-1 and the execution of transactions pursuant to the Trading Plan are the sole responsibility of the director or employee initiating the Trading Plan, not the Company or the Authorizing Officer. 
 Rule 10b5-1 presents an opportunity for insiders to establish arrangements to sell (or purchase) Company stock without the restrictions of windows and blackout periods even when there is undisclosed material information. The program might also help reduce negative publicity that may result when key executives sell the Company s stock. Rule 10b5-1 only provides an affirmative defense in the event there is an insider-trading lawsuit. It does not prevent someone from bringing a lawsuit. 
 A director or employee may enter into a Trading Plan only when he or she is not in possession of material nonpublic information, and only during a trading window period outside of the Blackout Period. The exemption provided by a Trading Plan is not available if the plan is established while a director or employee is in possession of material nonpublic information, even if the plan is structured so that the sale takes place only after the material nonpublic information is made public. Although transactions effected under a Trading Plan will not require further pre- clearance at the time of the trade, all transactions by officers and directors (including the quantity and price) must be reported to the Company promptly on the day of each trade to permit the Company s filing coordinator to assist in the preparation and filing of a required Form 4 and any adoption, modification and termination of a Trading Plan by directors and officers and the material terms of such Trading Plan must be reported to the Company each quarter to permit the Company s preparation of disclosures of such Trading Plan on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as applicable. 
 
 From time to time, for legal or other reasons, the Authorizing Officer may direct that purchases and sales pursuant to any Trading Plan be suspended or discontinued. Failure of the director or employee to discontinue purchases and sales as directed shall constitute a violation of the terms of this paragraph and result in a loss of the exemption set forth herein. 
 Directors and employees may adopt Trading Plans with brokers that outline a pre-set plan for trading of the Company s stock, including the exercise of options. Trades pursuant to a Trading Plan may occur at any time, subject to a mandatory cooling-off period (the Cooling- Off Period ). For directors and executive officers of the Company, no sales under the Trading Plan can be made until the later of (a) 90 days after adoption or modification of the Trading Plan or (b) two business days following the disclosure of the Company s financial results in Form 10-K or Form 10-Q for the quarter in which the Trading Plan was adopted or modified, provided that in no event will the Cooling-Off Period be longer than 120 days. For employees other than directors and executive officers of the Company, no sales under the Trading Plan can be made until 30 days after adoption or modification of the Trading Plan. An individual may not adopt more than one Trading Plan at any given time, except when trading under the second Trading 

Plan does not begin until the trading under the first Trading Plan is completed and the second Trading Plan complies with the applicable Cooling-Off Period, which is deemed to begin on the date of the termination of the earlier-commencing Trading Plan. Please review the following description of how a Trading Plan works 
 Pursuant to Rule 10b5-1, an individual s purchase or sale of securities will not be on the basis of material non-public information if 
 First, before becoming aware of the information, the individual enters into a binding contract to purchase or sell the securities, provides instructions to another person to sell the securities or adopts a written plan for trading the securities (i.e., the Trading Plan). 
 Second, the Trading Plan must either 
 o specify the amount of securities to be purchased or sold, the price at which the securities are to be purchased or sold and the date on which the securities are to be purchased and sold 
 o include a written formula or computer program for determining the amount, price and date of the transactions or 
 o prohibit the individual from exercising any subsequent influence over the purchase or sale of Company stock under the Trading Plan in question. 
 Third, the purchase or sale must occur pursuant to the Trading Plan and the individual must not enter into a corresponding hedging transaction or alter or deviate from the Trading Plan. 
 
 Certifications and Good Faith Condition 
 When adopting or modifying a Trading Plan, directors and officers of the Company must state in the Trading Plan that on the date of adoption or modification of the Trading Plan, they are not aware of any material nonpublic information about the Company or its securities and that they are adopting or modifying the Trading Plan in good faith. 
 
 Additionally, the Trading Plan must be operated in good faith. Canceling or modifying a Trading Plan on the basis of material nonpublic information or influencing the timing of a Company disclosure to make trades under a Trading Plan more profitable could run afoul of the good faith requirement. 
 Revocation Amendments to Trading Plans 
 
 Revocation of Trading Plans should occur only in unusual circumstances, and effectiveness of any revocation of a Trading Plan will be subject to the prior review and approval of the Authorizing Officer. You should note that the revocation of a Trading Plan can result in the loss of an affirmative defense for past or future transactions under a Trading Plan. You should consult with your own legal counsel before deciding to revoke a Trading Plan. However, if the individual terminates the Trading Plan after the completion of a transaction under the Trading Plan, then the individual must agree not to enter into another Trading Plan until six (6) months after termination of the Trading Plan. In any event, you should not assume that compliance with the six (6) month bar will protect you from possible adverse legal consequences of a Trading Plan revocation. 
 Under certain circumstances, a Trading Plan must be suspended or possibly revoked. This includes circumstances such as the occurrence of an event that would cause the transaction 

either to violate the law or to have an adverse effect on the Company. The Authorizing Officer or administrator of the Company s stock plans is authorized to notify the broker in such circumstances, thereby insulating the insider in the event of revocation. 
 A person acting in good faith may modify a prior Trading Plan when he or she is not in possession of material nonpublic information and during a trading window period outside of the Blackout Period provided that any changes to a pre-cleared trading plan must be approved by the Authorizing Officer and any such modification cannot take effect until after the applicable Cooling-Off Period. A purchase or sale that complies with the modified Trading Plan will be considered to be pursuant to a new Trading Plan. Modifications that do not have a good faith justification will lose the benefit of this good faith defense. 
 Discretionary Plans 
 Discretionary Trading Plans, where the discretion or control over trading is transferred to a broker, are permitted if pre-approved by the Authorizing Officer. 
 
 The Authorizing Officer of the Company must pre-approve any Trading Plan. The actual transactions effected pursuant to a pre-approved Trading Plan will not be subject to further pre-clearance for transactions in the Company s stock once the Trading Plan or other arrangement has been pre-approved. 
 Options 
 Cash exercise of options can be executed at any time. Same day sales exercises of options are subject to trading windows. However, the Company will permit same day sales under Trading Plans. If a broker is required to execute a same day sale in accordance with a Trading Plan, then the Company must have exercise forms attached to the Trading Plan that are signed, undated and with the number of shares to be exercised left blank. Once a broker determines that the time is right to exercise the option and dispose of the shares in accordance with the Trading Plan, the broker will notify the Company in writing and the administrator of the Company s stock plans will fill in the number of shares and the date of exercise on the previously signed exercise form. The insider should not be involved with this part of the exercise. 
 
 Disclosure and Reporting (if required) 
 The Company must disclose the adoption, modification and termination of Trading Plans by directors and executive officers of the Company during the last quarter on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as applicable. The disclosure must describe the material terms of each Trading Plan, including the name and title of the director or executive officer the date the Trading Plan was adopted, modified or terminated the Trading Plan s duration and the total amount of securities to be purchased or sold under the Trading Plan. 
 The Company must also include in the executive compensation disclosure in proxy statements a table showing any options granted to named executive officers during the period beginning four business days prior to the filing of any Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K that discloses material nonpublic information and ending one business day after such filing. 
 
 Insiders must indicate by a new check mark on each of Form 4 and Form 5 whether a transaction reported on either form was made pursuant to a Trading Plan intended to satisfy the 

affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) and provide the date of adoption of such Trading Plan. 
 
 If applicable, Form 144 will be filled out and filed by the individual brokerage firm in accordance with the existing rules regarding Form 144 filings. If the proposed sales are pursuant to a Trading Plan, a footnote at the bottom of the Form 144 should indicate that the trades are in accordance with a Trading Plan that complies with SEC Rule 10b5-1 and expires . Form 4s should be filed before the end of the second business day following the date that the broker, dealer or plan administrator informs the individual that a transaction was executed, provided that the date of such notification is not later than the third business day following the trade date. A similar footnote should be placed at the bottom of the Form 4 as outlined above. 
 Trades Outside of a Trading Plan 
 During an open window, trades which differ from Trading Plan instructions that are already in place are allowed as long as the Trading Plan continues to be followed. 
 Pledging the Company s Stock to Secure Margin of Other Loans 
 The Company does not permit officers and directors to pledge the Company s stock as collateral to secure loans. Such pledges also cannot be carried out through a Trading Plan. 
 
 Put and Call Options and other Hedging Transactions 
 Put and call options and other hedging transactions will not be permitted under a Trading Plan. In fact, such transactions outside of a Trading Plan may destroy the protection afforded by a Trading Plan. 
 Short-Swing Profit Liability 
 
 Trading Plans do not exempt the individuals from complying with the Section 16 six- month short swing-profit rules or liability. 
 1.0 AUTHORITY 
 
 Patricia Klassen, Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary 
 2.0 REVIEW & APPROVAL 
 Patricia Klassen, Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary 
 3.0 REVISIONS AND UPDATES 
 
 4.0 CONTACT INFORMATION 
 If you have questions about this Policy, please contact the following 
 
 Patricia Klassen Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary - (858) 346-0313 
 Luis Marinez - Corporate Paralegal (760) 235-6570 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 psmt-20240831x10xkxexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF PRICESMART, INC. 
 
 The following table sets forth a list of the Company s subsidiaries as of August 31, 2024 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation and Organization Ownership PriceSmart Panama, S.A. Panama 100 
 GolfPark Plaza, S.A. Panama 50 
 PriceSmart (Guatemala), S.A. Guatemala 100 
 PSMT Caribe, Inc. British Virgin Islands 100 
 PriceSmart El Salvador, S.A. de C.V. El Salvador 100 
 Prismar de Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica 100 
 PriceSmart Honduras, S.A. de C.V. Honduras 100 
 PSMT HN, S.A. de C.V Honduras 100 PriceSmart Dominicana, S.R.L. Dominican Republic 100 
 PriceSmart Exempt SRL Barbados 100 
 PSMT Trinidad Tobago Limited Trinidad & Tobago St. Lucia 100 
 PriceSmart Realty (TT) Limited Trinidad & Tobago 100 
 PriceSmart Clubs (TT) Limited Trinidad & Tobago 100 
 PSMT, LLC U.S. Virgin Islands 100 
 PriceSmart Holdings, Inc. St. Lucia 100 
 PSMT (Barbados), Inc. Barbados 100 
 Island Foods and Distributors, N.V. Aruba 100 
 PriceSmart Jamaica (SL), Inc. Trinidad & Tobago 100 
 PriceSmart (Jamaica) Limited Jamaica 100 
 PriceSmart Realty (Jamaica) Limited Jamaica 100 
 PS Exportadora Latinoamericana, S.A. de CV. Mexico 100 
 PSMT Nicaragua (BVI), Inc British Virgin Islands 100 
 PSMT Nicaragua, S.A. Nicaragua 100 
 Inmobiliaria PSMT Nicaragua, S.A. Nicaragua 100 
 PriceSmart Colombia SAS Colombia 100 
 PSCR Exportadora, S.A. Costa Rica 100 
 PriceSmart Latinoamerica SL Spain 100 
 AP Marketplace IP, LLC Delaware 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 psmt-20240831x10kxexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-38345, 333-61067, 333-82220, 333-102947, 333-132173, 333-158615, 333-187722 and 333-274216) of PriceSmart, Inc., and 
 
 (2) Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-42374, 333-67106, 333-83412, 333-86552, 333-96811, 333-100757 and 333-140290) of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated October 30, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of PriceSmart, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of PriceSmart, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of PriceSmart, Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 
 October 30, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 psmt-20240831x10kxexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, Robert E. Price, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 October 30, 2024 s ROBERT E. PRICE 
 Robert E. Price 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 psmt-20240831x10kxexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Michael L. McCleary, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PriceSmart, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Michael L. McCleary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 psmt-20240831x10kxexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 30, 2024 s ROBERT E. PRICE Robert E. Price Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 psmt-20240831x10kxexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 30, 2024 s MICHAEL L. MCCLEARY Michael L. McCleary Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 13
 psmtclawbackpolicyfinal120.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT (CLAWBACK) POLICY 
 
 I. Introduction 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of PriceSmart, Inc. (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability. The Committee has therefore adopted this policy (the Policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation (i) in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws or (ii) when the Committee, in its judgment after reviewing relevant facts and circumstances, determines that an executive engaged in serious misconduct or failed to supervise a subordinate employee who engaged in serious misconduct and such misconduct resulted in a material violation of law or a written Company policy that caused significant financial or reputational harm to the Company. This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), final rules and amendments adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to implement the aforementioned legislation, and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). 
 II. Administration 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. Any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 III. Covered Executives 
 This Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Committee in accordance with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq, and such other employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Committee Covered Executives ). 
 IV. Matters Involving Restatement 
 This portion of the Policy provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws, whether or not involving misconduct, which we refer to herein as matters involving financial restatements. 
 A. Incentive-Based Compensation 
 In the case of matters involving financial restatements, incentive-based compensation Incentive-Based Compensation includes any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of any financial reporting measures that are 
 
 511454974v.1 

determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures GAAP Measures ), as well as non-GAAP Measures, stock price, and total stockholder return (collectively, Financial Reporting Measures however, it does not include (i) base salaries (ii) discretionary cash bonuses (iii) awards (either cash or equity) that are solely based upon subjective, strategic or operational standards or standards unrelated to Financial Reporting Measures, and (iv) equity awards that vest solely on completion of a specified employment period or without any performance condition. Incentive-Based Compensation is considered received in the fiscal period during which the applicable reporting measure is attained, even if the payment or grant of such award occurs after the end of that period. If an award is subject to both time-based and performance-based vesting conditions, the award is considered received upon satisfaction of the performance-based conditions, even if such an award continues to be subject to the time-based vesting conditions. 
 For the purposes of the portion of this Policy relating to matters involving financial restatement, Incentive-Based Compensation may include, among other things, any of the following 
 Annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives 
 Restricted stock or restricted stock units 
 Performance stock units 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, Financial Reporting Measures may include, among other things, any of the following 
 Company stock price 
 Total stockholder return 
 Revenues 
 Net income 
 Opening income 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) 
 Earnings per share 
 
 B. Recoupment Accounting Restatement 
 In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that (i) is material to the previously issued financial statements or (ii) is not material to previously issued financial statements, but that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, the Committee will require reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess Incentive-Based Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare the accounting restatement (the Look-Back Period ). For the purposes of this Policy, the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement is the earlier of (i) the date the Committee concludes or reasonably should have concluded that the Company is 
 2 
 511454974v.1 

required to prepare a restatement to correct a material error, and (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to restate its previously issued financial statements to correct a material error. The Company s obligation to recover erroneously awarded compensation is not dependent on if or when the restated financial statements are filed. 
 Recovery of the Incentive-Based Compensation is only required when the excess award is received by a Covered Executive (i) after the beginning of their service as a Covered Executive, (ii) who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation, (iii) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (iv) during the Look-Back Period immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 
 C. Excess Incentive Compensation Amount Subject to Recovery 
 The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recovery in matters involving financial restatement is the amount the Covered Executive received in excess of the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated financial statements, as determined by the Committee. The amount subject to recovery will be calculated on a pre-tax basis. 
 For Incentive-Based Compensation received as cash awards, the erroneously awarded compensation is the difference between the amount of the cash award that was received (whether payable in a lump sum or over time) and the amount that should have been received applying the restated Financial Reporting Measure. 
 For Incentive-Based Compensation received as equity awards that are still held at the time of recovery, the amount subject to recovery is the number of shares or other equity awards received or vested in excess of the number that should have been received or vested applying the restated Financial Reporting Measure. If the equity award has been exercised, but the underlying shares have not been sold, the erroneously awarded compensation is the number of shares underlying the award. 
 In instances where the Company is not able to determine the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation directly from the information in the accounting restatement, the amount will be based on the Company s reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the applicable measure. In such instances, the Company will maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and, if required, provide such documentation to any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 D. Method of Recoupment 
 The Committee will determine, in its sole discretion, subject to applicable law, the method for recouping Incentive-Based Compensation hereunder in matters involving financial restatement, which may include, without limitation 
 requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid 
 seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards 
 3 
 511454974v.1 

offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive 
 cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and or 
 taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Committee. 
 E. Exception to Enforcement 
 The Committee shall recover any excess Incentive-Based Compensation in matters involving financial restatement in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and the listing standards of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 V. Matters Involving Misconduct 
 This portion of the Policy provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation when the Committee, in its judgment after reviewing relevant facts and circumstances, determines that a Covered Executive engaged in serious misconduct or failed to supervise a subordinate employee who engaged in serious misconduct and such misconduct resulted in a material violation of law or a written Company policy that caused significant financial or reputational harm to the Company, which we refer to herein as matters involving misconduct. If a matter involves both financial restatement and misconduct, nothing in this Section V of the Policy shall provide the Committee with greater discretion not to recoup Incentive-Based Consideration (as defined in Section IV.A. of this Policy) than provided by Section IV. 
 A. Definitions Applicable to Matters Involving Misconduct 
 1. Incentive Compensation means (i) any equity or equity-based award granted on or after the Effective Date and if such equity award has been sold then any proceeds, net of tax, realized from the sale of stock from such equity award, and (ii) any cash-based performance or incentive award (i.e., bonus or cash incentive plan payment, including any amounts deferred with respect thereto) made to a Covered Executive with respect to the Company s 2018 fiscal year or any subsequent fiscal year. 
 
 2. Recoupment (and Recoup includes (a) the recovery, in whole or in part, of Incentive Compensation already paid, (b) forfeiture, recapture, reduction or cancellation, in whole or in part, of Incentive Compensation awarded or granted over which the Company retains control, and (c) the reduction, in whole or in part, of current or future Incentive Compensation. 
 
 3. Recoverable Payment is the term that is used to describe amounts subject to Recoupment under this Policy for matters involving misconduct, and means any Incentive Compensation after the Effective Date, to the extent granted or awarded to or earned by the Covered Executive in respect of services as an employee, all as determined by the Committee. 

4 
 511454974v.1 

B. Recoupment of Recoverable Payments 
 Without limiting the Committee s powers or responsibilities in cases involving financial restatement described above, the Committee may seek Recoupment of any Recoverable Payment, when in its judgment, after reviewing relevant facts and circumstances, it determines that (a) a Covered Executive (i) engaged in serious misconduct, or (ii) failed to supervise a subordinate employee who engaged in serious misconduct which the Covered Executive knew, or was reckless in not knowing, was occurring, and (b) such misconduct resulted in a material violation of law or a written Company policy that caused significant financial or reputational harm to the Company. As used in this Policy, serious misconduct may be only found to have occurred where a Covered Executive or a supervised employee acted knowingly, intentionally, or recklessly in violating a law or written Company policy. For the avoidance of doubt, a Covered Executive s business judgment made in good faith and in the reasonable belief that such judgments and related actions were in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company shall not subject the Covered Executive s Incentive Compensation to Recoupment. 
 The determination by the Committee whether and the extent to which to seek Recoupment may be influenced by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, (i) the elements of the compensation received by the Covered Executive, (ii) retention, promotion, or succession planning considerations, (iii) pay equity factors, (iv) whether the underlying conduct was an isolated occurrence, (v) feasibility and cost of implementation, (vi) legal and compliance factors, (vii) whether other disciplinary actions have been taken against the Covered Executive, and (viii) the objective of administering the Policy in a way that does not discourage settlement of disputes when settlements are in the best long-term interests of the Company and its stockholders. 
 Based on the facts and circumstances, solely in matters involving misconduct and not in matters involving financial restatement, the Committee may decide on the appropriate Recoupment method, including whether to seek Recoupment of Recoverable Payments already paid or otherwise seek Recoupment (totally or partially) of Recoverable Payments that have not vested or have not been paid. However, the Committee may not seek Recoupment of any Recoverable Payments (i) following a change in control (as defined in the Covered Executive s employment agreement) or (ii) that were awarded more than one year prior to the first event giving rise to the Recoupment or, if shorter, the period during which the employee has been a Covered Executive. This Policy shall operate prospectively from the Effective Date and shall be construed so as not to violate any legally binding commitment of the Company arising prior to the Effective Date. 
 C. Administration of this Policy 
 In matters involving misconduct, this Policy will be administered by the Committee, which will consider the facts and circumstances related to possible Recoupment decisions and make determinations in its discretion regarding seeking Recoupment. Solely in matters involving misconduct, any determination to seek Recoupment under this Policy shall only be made after providing the Covered Executive, upon his or her request, a reasonable opportunity to appear before the Committee to present his or her position regarding the alleged misconduct being 
 5 
 511454974v.1 

considered by the Committee and to present and explain any exculpatory and or mitigating information and related documents that he or she believes to be relevant. 
 In administering this Policy with respect to matters involving misconduct, the Committee shall have the following powers, which it may exercise in its discretion, subject to and not inconsistent with the express provisions of this Policy (i) to exercise all the power and authority either specifically granted to it under this Policy or reasonably necessary or advisable in the administration of this Policy (ii) to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances to pursue Recoupment (iii) to determine the Covered Executive or Covered Executives from whom to seek Recoupment (iv) to interpret this Policy (v) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Policy and (vi) to make all other determinations deemed reasonably necessary or advisable for the administration of this Policy. 
 The decisions of the Committee as to all questions of interpretation, application and administration of this Policy shall be presumed to be made in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable business judgment, but nothing contained herein shall prevent a Covered Executive from challenging on legal grounds a Recoupment determination. 
 Recoupment determinations pursuant to this Policy shall only be made to the extent permitted by law, and this Policy shall be interpreted so as not to violate any law or regulation. 
 VI. No Indemnification Successors 
 The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive-Based Compensation. This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 VII. Interpretation 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 VIII. Effective Date 
 This Policy shall be effective as of October 19, 2023 in the case of matters involving financial restatement and as of September 19, 2017 in the case of matters involving misconduct (as applicable, the Effective Date ). In the case of matters involving financial restatement, the Policy shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by a Covered Executive on or after October 2, 2023, as determined by the Committee in accordance with applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and the listing standards of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. In the case of matters involving misconduct, the Policy shall apply to any equity or equity-based award granted on or after the September 19, 2017 and any cash-based performance or incentive award (i.e., bonus or cash incentive plan 
 6 
 511454974v.1 

payment, including any amounts deferred with respect thereto) made to a Covered Executive with respect to the Company s 2018 fiscal year or any subsequent fiscal year. 
 
 IX. Amendment Termination 
 The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with any rules or standards adopted by the SEC and the listing standards of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. The Committee may terminate this Policy at any time. 
 X. Other Recoupment Rights 
 Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy or any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 7 
 511454974v.1 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 psmt-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 psmt-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 psmt-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 psmt-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 psmt-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

