<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241223_10-K_edgar_data_2021031_0001140361-24-050278.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7186487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89625</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1051535</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2730245</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1609583</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1456858</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-24-050278.hdr.sgml : 20241223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241223171239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-24-050278
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Treasure Holdco, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002021031
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPER MILLS [2621]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				990807091
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0928

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56679
		FILM NUMBER:		241574823

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 OAKLEY STREET
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47710
		BUSINESS PHONE:		812-424-2904

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 OAKLEY STREET
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47710

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-24-050278.txt : 20241223

10-K
 1
 ef20040423_10k.htm
 TREASURE HOLDCO, INC. 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(succeeded by Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC)

A Corporation

, , 

) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) 

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
 reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Small reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
 with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant had filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
 its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
 included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No

There are shares of common
 stock of Treasure Holdco, Inc. outstanding as of the date of this filing. All of the limited liability company interests of Treasure Merger Sub,
 II, the successor by merger to Treasure Holdco, Inc., are held by Magnera Corporation.

REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT

As of the date of this filing, the Registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and therefore is filing this
 Form 10-K with the reduced disclosure format contemplated by General Instruction (I)(2).

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Information included in or incorporated by reference in this report and other
 registrant's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC contain or may contain forward-looking statements. This report includes forward-looking statements with respect to our financial condition, results of
 operations and business and our expectations or beliefs concerning future events. These statements contain words such as believes, expects, may, will, should, would, could, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates, 
 project, outlook, anticipates, or looking forward or similar expressions that relate to our strategy, plans, intentions, or expectations. All statements we make relating to our estimated and projected earnings, margins, costs, expenditures,
 cash flows, growth rates, and financial results or to our expectations regarding future industry trends are forward-looking statements. In addition, we, through our senior management, from time to time make forward-looking public statements concerning
 our expected future operations and performance and other developments. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those that we
 expected. All forward-looking statements are made only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise
 required by law.

Additionally, we caution readers that the list of important factors discussed in the section titled Risk Factors may not contain all of the material factors
 that are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this report may not in fact occur. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on those
 statements.

1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 28, 2024

Page

PART I

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

3

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

5

Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF
 COMMENTS 

8

Item 1C .

CYBERSECURITY 

8

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

9

Item 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

9

Item 4. 

MINE SAFETY
 DISCLOSURES 

9

PART II

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

9

Item 6. 

RESERVED 

9

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

9

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
 DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

12

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
 SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

13

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (PCAOB ID 42 

13

Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
 Income (Loss) for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 

14

Combined Balance Sheets as of fiscal 2024 and 2023 

15

Combined Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2024, 2023 and
 2022 

16

Combined Statements of Changes in Parent Invested
 Equity for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 

17

Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

18

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
 ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

29

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

29

Item 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

29

Item 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
 JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

29

PART III

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE 

29

Item 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

29

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
 OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

29

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
 RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

29

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

30

PART IV

Item 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
 SCHEDULES 

30

Item 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

31

2

Table of Contents 

Item

1. BUSINESS 

(In millions of dollars, except as otherwise noted)

Introductory Note

On November 4, 2024, Treasure Holdco, Inc., which was a wholly owned subsidiary of Berry Global Group, Inc. Berry ), Berry, Magnera Corporation, a
 Pennsylvania corporation (formerly known as Glatfelter Corporation, Magnera ), and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Magnera, completed the previously disclosed spinoff and merger transactions contemplated by that certain RMT Transaction Agreement,
 dated as of February 6, 2024, by and among Berry, Magnera, Treasure Holdco, Inc. and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Magnera (the RMT Transaction Agreement and certain other agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated by the RMT
 Transaction Agreement (the Transactions ). As a result of a series of mergers in connection with the Transactions, the separate corporate existence of Treasure Holdco, Inc. ceased and Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC became its successor by merger. Unless
 otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the registrant and the Company refer to Treasure Holdco, Inc. prior to the Transactions and Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC following the Transactions. Unless otherwise provided or the context
 otherwise requires, the information provided herein is provided as of the Company s fiscal year end on September 28, 2024 and accordingly does not give effect to the Transactions.

General

The Company is a leading global supplier of a broad range of innovative non-woven and related products that service global markets. We sell our products
 predominantly into stable, consumer-oriented end markets, such as healthcare, personal care, and infection prevention. Our customers consist of a mix of leading global, national, and mid-sized regional businesses. For the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024 fiscal 2024 ), our top
 customer represented approximately 12 of net sales and our top ten customers represented approximately 43 of net sales. We believe our manufacturing processes, manufacturing footprint, and ability to leverage our scale to reduce costs, position us
 as a low-cost manufacturer relative to our competitors.

Additional financial information about our segments is provided in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
 the Notes to Combined Financial Statements, which are included elsewhere in this report.

Segment Overview

The Company s operations are organized into two reporting segments: Americas and Rest of World. The structure is designed to align us with our customers,
 optimize costs, provide quality service, and drive future growth.

Americas

The Americas segment is the Company's largest segment, accounting for 68 of consolidated net sales. Our Americas operations consist of 17 manufacturing
 facilities - 9 in the United States, 3 in Brazil, 2 in Mexico and 1 each in Canada, Columbia, and Argentina. The segment primarily manufactures a wide range of products and components of personal care and consumer solution products and components of
 products including medical garments, wipes, dryer sheets, face masks, filtration, baby diapers and adult incontinence.

Rest of World

The Rest of World segment represents 32 of our consolidated net sales. Our Rest of World operations consist of 13 manufacturing facilities - 3 in Germany, 3 in
 France, 2 in United Kingdom, 2 in China, and 1 each in Spain, Italy, and Netherlands. This segment primarily manufactures a broad collection of personal care and consumer solution products and components of products including medical garments, wipes,
 face masks, corrosion protection, cable wrap, filtration, baby diapers and adult incontinence.

Marketing, Sales, and Competition

We reach our customer base through a direct sales force of dedicated professionals. Our scale enables us to dedicate certain sales and marketing efforts to
 particular customers, when applicable, which enables us to develop expertise that we believe is valued by our customers.

The major markets in which the Company sells its products are highly competitive. Areas of competition include service, innovation, quality, and price. This
 competition is significant as to both the size and the number of competing firms. Competitors include but are not limited to Ahlstrom, Avgol, Freudenberg, and Fitesa.

3

Table of Contents 

Raw Materials

Our primary raw material is polymer resin. In addition, we use other materials such as fiber, paper and packaging materials in various manufacturing
 processes. While temporary industry-wide shortages of raw materials have occurred, we have historically been able to manage the supply chain disruption by working closely with our suppliers and customers. Changes in the price of raw materials are
 generally passed on to customers through contractual price mechanisms over time, during contract renewals and other means.

Patents, Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property

We customarily seek patent and trademark protection for our products and brands while seeking to protect our proprietary know-how. While important to our
 business in the aggregate, sales of any one individually patented product is not considered material to any specific segment or our consolidated results.

Environmental and Sustainability

Sustainability is comprehensively embedded across our business, from how we run our manufacturing operations more efficiently to the investments we are making
 in sustainable solutions. With our global scale, deep industry experience, and strong capabilities, we are uniquely positioned to assist our customers in the design and
 development of sustainable solutions. 

We also work globally on continuous improvement of employee safety, energy usage, water efficiency, waste reduction, recycling and reducing our Green house
 Gas (GHG) emissions. Our teams focus on improving the circularity and reducing the carbon footprint of our products. We anticipate higher demand for products with lower emissions intensity where polymer resin based products are inherently well
 positioned since they typically have lower GHG emissions per functional unit compared to heavier alternatives. Additionally, there is also significant work being done on the use of recycled and bio-based content, which typically has lower associated
 GHG emissions compared to other virgin materials.

Human Capital and Employees

Health and Safety

Safe ty for our approximately 6,000 employees is our number one core value. We
 believe when it comes to employee safety, our best should always be our standard. It is through the adherence to our global Environment, Health, and Safety principles we have been able to identify and mitigate operational risks and drive continuous
 improvement. 

Talent and Development

We seek to attract, develop and retain talent throughout the company. Our succession management strategy focuses on a structured succession framework and
 multiple years of performance. Our holistic approach to developing key managers and identifying future leaders includes challenging assignments, formal development plans and professional coaching.

Employee Engagement

We seek to ensure that our employees are motivated to perform every day. To further that objective, our engagement approach focuses on clear communication and
 recognition. We communicate through regular employee meetings with business and market updates and information on production, safety, quality and other operating metrics. We have many recognition-oriented awards and conduct company-wide engagement
 surveys which have generally indicated high levels of engagement and trust in leadership.

Inclusion

We strive to build a safe and inclusive culture where employees feel valued and treated with respect. We believe inclusion helps drive engagement, innovation
 and organizational growth. Our focus to date has been on providing training for our global workforce and increasing awareness about the importance of having a culture of inclusion.

Ethics

Our employees are expected to act with integrity and we maintain a Global Code of Business Ethics which is attested by every employee and provides the
 Company's framework for ethical business.

4

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS

Operational Risks

Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, may negatively impact our business operations and financial
 results.

Challenging current and future global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions may negatively impact our business operations and
 financial results. Recent regional and global conflicts have increased volatility in world economies. Current global economic challenges,
 including relatively high inflation and supply chain constraints may continue to put pressure on our business.

When challenging economic conditions exist, our customers may delay, decrease or cancel purchases from us, and may also delay payment or fail to pay us
 altogether. Suppliers may have difficulty filling our orders and distributors may have difficulty getting our products to customers, which may affect our ability to meet customer demands, and result in a loss of business. Weakened global economic
 conditions may also result in unfavorable changes in our product prices, product mix and profit margins. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, including through pricing actions and productivity programs, if these actions are
 not effective our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, there could be a time lag between recognizing the benefit of our mitigating actions and when the inflation occurs and there is no
 assurance that our mitigating measures will be able to fully mitigate the impact of inflation.

Political volatility may also contribute to the general economic conditions and
 regulatory uncertainty in regions in which we operate. Future unrest and changing policies could result in an adverse impact to our financial condition. Political developments can also disrupt the markets we serve and the tax jurisdictions in which
 we operate and may affect our busin ess, financial condition and results of operations.

Raw material inflation or shortage of available materials could harm our financial condition and results of operations.

Raw materials are subject to price fluct uations and availability, due to external
 factors, such as recent regional and global conflict, weather-related events, or other supply chain challenges, which are beyond our control. Temporary industry-wide shortages of raw materials have occurred in the past, which can lead to increased
 raw material price volatility. Additionally, our suppliers could experience cost increases to produce raw material due to increases in carbon pricing. Historically we have been able to manage the impact of higher costs by increasing our selling
 prices. We have generally been well positioned to capture additional market share as our primarily raw material, polymer resin, is typically a lower cost and more versatile substrate compared to alternatives. However, raw material shortages or our
 inability to timely pass-through increased costs to our customers may adversely affect our busin ess, financial condition and results of operations.

Weather related events could negatively impact our results of operations.

Weather related events could adversely impact our business and the business of our customers, suppliers, and partners. Such events may have a physical impact
 on our facilities, inventory, suppliers, and equipment and any unplanned downtime at any of our facilities could result in unabsorbed costs that could negatively impact our results of operations for the period in which it experienced the downtime. 
 Longer-term climate change patterns could alter future customer demand, impact supply chains and increase operating costs. However, any such changes are uncertain and we cannot predict the net impact from such events.

We may not be able to compete successfully and our customers may not continue to purchase our products.

We compete with multiple companies in each of our product lines on the basis of a number of considerations, including price, service, quality, product
 characteristics and the ability to supply products to customers in a timely manner. Additionally, consumer views on environmental considerations could potentially impact demand for our products that utilize fossil fuel based materials in their
 manufacturing. Our competitors may have financial and other resources that are substantially greater than ours and may be better able than us to withstand higher costs. Competition and product preference changes could result in our products losing
 market share or our having to reduce our prices, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, since we do not have long-term arrangements with many of our customers,
 these competitive factors could cause our customers to shift suppliers quickly.

5

Table of Contents 

We may pursue and execute acquisitions or divestitures, which could adversely affect our business.

As part of our growth strategy, we consider transactions that either complement or expand our existing business and create economic value. Transactions involve
 special risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating acquired businesses or carving-out divested businesses, which may result in substantial costs, delays or other
 problems that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we may not realize all of the synergies we expect to achieve from our current strategic initiatives due to a variety of risks. If we are
 unable to achieve the benefits that we expect to achieve from our strategic initiatives, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In the event of a catastrophic loss of one of our key manufacturing facilities, our business would be adversely affected.

While we maintain insurance covering our facilities, including business interruption insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion of one of our
 key manufacturing facilities due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster, pandemic or otherwise, whether short or long-term, could result in future losses.

Employee retention or labor cost inflation could disrupt our business.

Our relations with employees under collective bargaining agreements remain satisfactory and there have been no significant work stoppages or other labor
 disputes during the past four years. However, we may not be able to maintain constructive relationships with labor unions or trade councils and may not be able to successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms in
 the future.

Labor is subject to cost inflation, availability and workforce participation rates, all of which could be impacted by factors beyond our control. As a
 result, there can be no assurance we will be able to recruit, train, assimilate, motivate and retain employees in the future. The loss of a substantial number of these employees or a prolonged labor dispute could disrupt our business and result in
 future losses.

We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business, and increased cybersecurity threats, system
 inadequacies, and failures could disrupt our operations, compromise customer, employee, vendor and other data which could negatively affect our business.

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of information technology systems and networks. These systems and networks are vulnerable to increased
 threats and more sophisticated computer crime, energy interruptions, telecommunications failures, breakdowns, natural disasters, terrorism, war, computer malware or other malicious intrusions.

We also maintain and have access to data and information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer controls. Despite our efforts
 to protect such information, breaches, misplaced or lost data and programming damages could result in a negative impact on the business. While we have not had material system interruptions historically associated with these risks, there can be no
 assurance from future interruptions that could result in future losses.

Financial and Legal Risks

Goodwill and other intangibles represent a significant amount of our net worth, and a future write-off could result in lower reported net
 income and a reduction of our net worth.

We have a substantial amount of goodwill. Future changes in market multiples, cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other external factors, may adversely
 affect our business and cause our goodwill to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash charge against results of operations to write off goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets for the amount of impairment. For example, in fiscal 2024 as a result of
 sustained lower market valuation multiples and lower operating performance as a result of continued market softness, we recorded a 171 million non-cash goodwill impairment in our Rest of World segment (see Note 1). If a future write-off is required,
 the charge could result in significant losses.

Our international operations pose risks to our business that may not be present with our domestic operations.

We are subject to foreign exchange rate risk, both transactional and translational, which may negatively affect our financial performance. Exchange rates between transactional currencies may change rapidly due to a variety of factors. Translational foreign exchange exposures result from exchange rate
 fluctuations in the conversion of entity functional currencies to U.S. dollars, our reporting currency, and may affect the reported value of our assets and liabilities and our income and expenses. In particular, our translational exposure may be
 impacted by movements in the exchange rate of the euro or the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar.

6

Table of Contents 

Foreign operations are also subject to certain risks that are unique to doing business in foreign countries including shipping delays and supply chain
 challenges, disruption of energy, changes in applicable laws, including assessments of income and non-income related taxes, reduced protection of intellectual property, inability to readily repatriate cash to the U.S. effectively, and regulatory
 policies and various trade restrictions including potential changes to export taxes or countervailing and anti-dumping duties for exported products from these countries. Any of these risks could disrupt our business and result in significant losses. We
 are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws that generally bar bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. We have implemented safeguards, training and policies to
 discourage these practices by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards, training and policies to assure compliance and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct for
 which we might be held responsible. If employees violate our policies, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in sanctions including fines, debarment from export privileges and penalties and
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Current and future environmental and other governmental requirements could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to
 conduct our business.

While we have not been required historically to make significant capital expenditures in order to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations,
 we cannot predict our future capital expenditure requirements because of continually changing compliance standards and environmental technology. Furthermore, violations or contaminated sites that we do not know about (including contamination caused
 by prior owners and operators of such sites or newly discovered information) could result in additional compliance or remediation costs or other liabilities.

In addition, federal, state, local, and foreign governments could enact laws or regulations concerning environmental matters, such as GHG emissions, that
 increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for, packaging products. Additionally, several governmental bodies in jurisdictions where we
 operate have introduced, or are contemplating introducing, regulatory change to address the potential impacts of climate change and global warming, which may have adverse impacts on our operations or financial results. We believe that any
 such laws promulgated to date have not had a material adverse effect on us, as we have historically been able to manage the impact of higher costs by increasing our selling prices. However, there can be no assurance that future legislation or
 regulation would not have a material adverse effect on us.

Changes in tax laws or changes in our geographic mix of earnings could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of
 operation.

We are subject to income and other taxes in the many jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws and regulations are complex and the determination of our global
 provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. We are subject to routine examinations of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess
 additional tax. Our future income taxes could also be negatively impacted by our mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate being different than anticipated given differences in statutory tax rates in the countries in which we operate. In
 addition, tax policy efforts to raise global corporate tax rates could adversely impact our tax rate and subsequent tax expense.

We may not be successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, including our unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, or
 in avoiding claims that we infringed on the intellectual property rights of others.

In addition to relying on patent and trademark rights, we rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, and employ various methods, including
 confidentiality agreements with employees and consultants, customers and suppliers to protect our know-how and trade secrets. However, these methods and our patents and trademarks may not afford complete protection and there can be no assurance that
 others will not independently develop the know-how and trade secrets or develop better production methods than us. Further, we may not be able to deter current and former employees, contractors and other parties from breaching agreements and
 misappropriating proprietary information and it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our information and proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. Furthermore,
 no assurance can be given that we will not be subject to claims asserting the infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties seeking damages, the payment of royalties or licensing fees and/or injunctions against the sale of our
 products. Any such litigation could be protracted and costly and could result in significant losses.

7

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, including product liability claims, that could adversely
 affect our business operations and financial performance.

In the ordinary course of our business, we are involved in legal proceedings, including product liability claims, which may lead to financial or reputational
 damages. See Note 5. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies. We may also be subject to inquiries, inspections, investigations, and proceedings by relevant regulatory and other governmental agencies. Given our global footprint, we are exposed to more
 uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment. The timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain, and any such proceedings or claims, regardless of merit,
 could be time consuming and expensive to defend and could divert management s attention and resources. The possible outcomes of these proceedings could include adverse judgments, settlements, injunctions, fines, penalties, or other results adverse to
 us that could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation and result in significant losses. Even if we are successful in defending ourselves against these actions, the costs of such defense may be significant to us.

Transaction Risk

The Transactions may not be successful or achieve the anticipated financial and other benefits.

Carefully consider the risks described in our most recent Registration Statement on Form 10 and subsequent filings made with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, including those under the heading Risk Factors and other information contained in this report. Realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of
 operations.

Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

Item 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Governance

During fiscal 2024, the Audit Committee received regular briefings regarding cybersecurity matters from the Chief Information Officer, who has primary
 management oversight of cybersecurity matters. The topics reported by the Chief Information Officer include updates on cybersecurity threats, the status of projects to strengthen our information security systems, assessments of the cybersecurity
 program, and the emerging threat landscape, as well as the results of any third-party and internal assessments conducted. Through the completion of the Transactions, the topics reported included matters relating to the operation of the Company s
 business as appropriate.

Risk Management and Strategy

Risk Assessment

Global cybersecurity threats and targeted attacks are an evolving risk to data, infrastructure, and overall operations. These risks were addressed through a
 comprehensive, cross-functional approach that reduced security risks, helped ensure business and stakeholder information is handled securely, and effectively responded to cybersecurity incidents when they occur.

Cybersecurity Assessments

Targeted security assessments were conducted and penetration tests throughout the year by internal teams as well as through engagement with third party service
 providers, including information security maturity assessments, audits and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness.

Effects and Impacts of Cybersecurity Risks

As of the date of this report, we have not identified any risks from known cybersecurity threats, including any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have
 materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For a discussion on the Company s cybersecurity related risks, see the risk factors titled We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business, and increased cybersecurity threats, system inadequacies, and failures
 could disrupt our operations, compromise customer, employee, vendor and other data which could negatively affect our business " and other risk factors contained in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

8

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our primary manufacturing facilities by geographic area were as follows:

Geographic Region

Total Facilities

Leased Facilities

Americas

17

2

Rest of World

13

3

Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are party to various legal proceedings involving routine claims which are incidental to our business. Although our legal and financial liability with respect
 to such proceedings cannot be estimated with certainty, we believe that any ultimate liability would not be material to the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. see Note 3. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies.

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.

PART II

Item

5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common equity is not listed on any national securities exchange, nor is there any established trading market for our equity or any intention to create a
 public market or list our equity on any securities exchange. As of the date of this annual report, there are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into our common equity.

Item 6. RESERVED 

Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Combined Financial Statements represent the operations of Spinco and have been prepared on a carve-out basis which includes assumptions underlying the
 preparation that management believes are reasonable. However, the Combined Financial Statements included herein may not necessarily reflect the Spinco s results of operations, financial position, and cash flows in the future or what they would have
 been had Spinco been an independent, stand-alone company during the periods presented. As a result, historical financial information is not necessarily indicative of Spinco s future results of operations, financial position or cash flows. The following
 section is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information in this document, including the Combined Financial Statements and notes thereto.

Reverse Morris Trust-Type Transaction

On November 4, 2024, Treasure Holdco, Inc., Berry, Magnera, and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Magnera, completed the previously disclosed spinoff and
 merger transactions contemplated by the RMT Transaction Agreement and certain other agreements in connection with the Transactions.

Outlook

The Company is affected by general economic and industrial growth, raw material availability, cost inflation, supply chain disruptions, and general industrial
 production. Our business has both geographic and end market diversity, which reduces the effect of any one of these factors on our overall performance. Our results are affected by our ability to pass through raw material and other cost changes to our
 customers, improve manufacturing productivity and adapt to volume changes of our customers. Despite global macro-economic challenges in the short-term attributed to continued rising inflation, supply chain disruptions, currency devaluation and general
 market softness, we continue to believe our underlying long-term demand fundamental in all divisions will remain strong as we focus on delivering protective solutions that enhance consumer safety and by providing advantaged products in targeted
 markets.

9

Table of Contents 

Discussion of Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023

Business integration expenses consist of restructuring and impairment charges, divestiture related costs, and other business optimization
 costs. Tables present dollars in millions.

Consolidated Overview

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

2,187

2,275

(88

(4

Operating income (loss)

(141

69

(210

(304

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to decreased selling prices of 67 million due to the pass through of lower resin prices and a 1 organic volume decline, partially offset by a 10 million favorable impact from foreign currency. The volume decline is primarily attributed to
 general market softness.

Operating income (loss): The change is primarily
 attributed to a 171 million goodwill impairment charge, a 30 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread, a 6 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense and a 5 million unfavorable impact from volume declines, partially offset
 by a 7 million decrease in selling, general, administrative and corporate allocations.

Americas

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

1,493

1,531

(38

(2

Operating income

51

81

(30

(37

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to decreased selling prices of 9 million due to the pass through of lower resin prices and a 2 organic volume decline. The volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness.

Operating income (loss): The operating income decrease
 is primarily attributed to a 20 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread, a 5 million unfavorable impact from the volume declines and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense.

Rest of World

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

694

744

(50

(7

Operating income (loss)

(192

(12

(180

1,500

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily
 attributed to decreased selling prices of 58 million due to the pass through of lower resin prices, partially offset by an 8 million favorable impact from foreign currency.

Operating income (loss): The operating loss increase
 is primarily attributed to a 171 million goodwill impairment charge and a 10 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread partially offset by a decrease in selling, general, administrative and corporate allocations.

Other expense, net

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Other expense, net

(9

(3

(6

200

The Other expense decrease is primarily attributed to foreign currency changes related to the remeasurement of non-operating intercompany balances.

Comprehensive income (loss)

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Comprehensive income (loss)

(151

104

(255

(245

The decrease is primarily attributed to a 63 million favorable change in currency translation and a 192
 million decrease in net income. Currency translation changes are primarily related to non-U.S. subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar whereby assets and liabilities are translated from the respective functional currency
 into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates. The change in currency translation was primarily attributed to locations utilizing the euro, Brazilian real, and Chinese renminbi as their functional currency.

10

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

We manage our global cash requirements considering (i) available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business, (ii) the geographic
 location of our liquidity needs, and (iii) the cost to access international cash balances.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 65 million from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 primarily attributed to higher working capital levels.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities decreased 49
 million from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 primarily due to the settlement of short term marketable securities and lower capital investments.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities improved 101 million from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 primarily attributed to lower net transfers to Parent.

Free Cash Flow

We define "free cash flow" as cash flow from operating activities less net additions to property, plant and equipment. Based on our definition, our combined
 free cash flow is summarized as follows:

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

October 01,

 2022

Cash flow from operating activities

192

257

324

Additions to property, plant and equipment, net

(68

(88

(104

Free cash flow

124

169

220

We use free cash flow as a supplemental measure of liquidity as it assists us in assessing our ability to fund growth through generation of cash. Free cash
 flow may be calculated differently by other companies, including other companies in our industry or peer group, limiting its usefulness. Free cash flow is not a generally accepted accounting principles GAAP financial measure and should not be
 considered as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP.

Liquidity Outlook

At the end of fiscal 2024, our cash balance was 230 million, all of which was located outside the U.S. We believe our existing and future U.S. based cash and cash flow from U.S. operations will be
 adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity needs. The Company has the ability to repatriate the cash located outside the U.S. to the extent not needed to meet operational and capital needs without significant restrictions. Our unremitted
 foreign earnings were 374 billion at the end of fiscal 2024. The computation of the deferred tax liability associated with unremitted earnings is not practicable.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

We disclose those accounting policies that we consider to be significant in determining the amounts to be utilized for communicating our combined financial
 position, results of operations and cash flows in the first note to our combined financial statements included elsewhere herein. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our combined financial
 statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements
 and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

11

Table of Contents 

Goodwill . We complete a quantitative test to evaluate impairment of goodwill in order to determine if the carrying value of any reporting unit exceeded its fair value. This is completed on the first day of the
 fourth fiscal quarter. We utilize a discounted cash flow analysis (income approach) in combination with a comparative company market approach to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. Using the quantitative approach, the Company makes
 various estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of each reporting unit. Management judgment is involved in estimating these variables, and they include uncertainties since they are forecasting future events.

Assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies include estimates of future projected business results, long-term growth rates, and the weighted-average
 cost of capital. Significant assumptions utilized in the impairment analysis included the weighted-average cost of capital, ranging between 10.5 and 11.0 , and terminal growth rate of 2.5 for each reporting unit, see Note 1. Basis of Presentation and
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

After the completion of the quantitative test we recognized a goodwill impairment of 171 million in the Rest of World segment stemming from sustained lower
 market valuation multiples and lower operating performance as a result of continued market softness. Future declines in our peer company and our market capitalizations and total enterprise value along with lower valuation market multiples or
 significant declines in operating performance could impact future impairment tests or may require a more frequent assessment.

The Company's fair value and carrying value of our reporting units are as follows:

Fair Value

 July 1, 2024

Carrying Value

 July 1, 2024

Cushion

 July 1, 2024

Americas

1,770

1,613

157

Rest of World

610

781

(171

Deferred Taxes and Effective Tax Rates . We estimate the
 effective tax rate ETR and associated liabilities or assets for each of our legal entities in accordance with authoritative guidance. We utilize tax planning to minimize or defer tax liabilities to future periods. In recording ETRs and related
 liabilities and assets, we rely upon estimates, which are based upon our interpretation of U.S. and local tax laws as they apply to our legal entities and our overall tax structure. Audits by local tax jurisdictions, including the U.S. Government,
 could yield different interpretations from our own and cause the Company to owe more taxes than originally recorded. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5. Income Taxes.

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Foreign Currency Risk

As a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro and Brazilian
 real. Significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a substantial impact, either positive or negative, on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. Currency translation gains and losses are primarily related to non-U.S. subsidiaries
 with a functional currency other than U.S. dollars whereby assets and liabilities are translated from the respective functional currency into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates and impact our Comprehensive income. A 10 decline in foreign
 currency exchange rates would have had a 3 million favorable impact on fiscal 2024 Net income.

12

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Management and the Board of Directors of Berry Global Group, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying combined balance sheets of Spinco (the Company) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related combined statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in parent
 invested equity for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the combined financial statements ). In our opinion, the combined financial statements present fairly, in all
 material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, in conformity with U.S.
 generally accepted accounting principles.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
 based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
 laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
 about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
 audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no
 such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
 performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
 be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit
 matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the combined financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or
 disclosure to which it relates.

Valuation of Goodwill

Description of the Matter

At September 28, 2024, the Company's goodwill was 624 million. As discussed in Note 1 to the combined financial statements, goodwill is evaluated for
 impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the goodwill might be impaired. The Company performed its quantitative goodwill impairment test at July 1, 2024, which
 resulted in a 171 million pre-tax impairment charge.

Auditing management's annual goodwill impairment test was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair value of the
 reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as changes in the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rates, EBITDA margin, and the terminal growth rate, which are affected by
 economic and company-specific qualitative factors.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

To test the fair value of the Company's reporting units, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions
 discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to historical results, industry and economic trends, and assumptions used in other estimates. We assessed
 the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. In performing
 our testing, we utilized our valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the reasonableness of the Company's significant assumptions.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024.

December 23,2024

13

Table of Contents 

Spinco

Combined Statements of Operations

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

October 01,

 2022

Net sales

Costs and expenses:

Cost of goods sold

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangibles

Goodwill and other impairment

Restructuring and other activities

Corporate expense allocation

Operating income (loss)

Other (income) expense

Interest expense

Income (loss) before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net income (loss)

Spinco

Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

October 01,

 2022

Net income (loss)

Currency translation

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive income (loss)

See notes to combined financial statements.

14

Table of Contents 

Spinco

Combined Balance Sheets

(in millions of dollars)

September 28, 2024

September 30, 2023

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Short term investments

Accounts receivable, net

Inventories, net

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment, net

Goodwill and intangible assets, net

Right-of-use assets

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Parent Invested Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Current portion of long-term debt

Total current liabilities

Deferred income taxes

Operating lease liabilities

Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Parent invested equity:

Parent investment in Spinco

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total parent invested equity

Total liabilities and parent invested equity

See notes to combined financial statements.

15

Table of Contents 

Spinco

Combined Statements of Cash Flows

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities:

Depreciation

Amortization of intangibles

Non-cash interest expense

Goodwill and other impairment

Share-based compensation expense

Deferred income tax

Other non-cash operating activities, net

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable, net

Inventories, net

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Accounts payable and other liabilities

Net cash from operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Additions to property, plant and equipment, net

Proceeds from sale of assets

Other investing activities

Net cash from investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Repayment of long-term borrowings

Net transfers to Parent

Net cash from financing activities

Effect of currency translation on cash

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

See notes to combined financial statements.

16

Table of Contents 

Spinco

Combined Statements of Changes in Parent Invested Equity

(in millions of dollars)

Parent

 Investment in Spinco

Accumulated Other

 Comprehensive Loss

Total

Balance at October 2, 2021 

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Transfers to Parent, net

Balance at October 2, 2022 

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Transfers to Parent, net

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Net loss

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Transfers to Parent, net

Balance at September 28, 2024 

See notes to combined financial statements.

17

Table of Contents 

Spinco

Notes to Combined Financial Statements

Fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022

(in millions of dollars, except as otherwise noted)

of net sales and our top 
 customers represented approximately of net sales. We believe our manufacturing processes, manufacturing footprint and our ability to
 leverage our scale to reduce costs, positions us as a low-cost manufacturer relative to our competitors.

18

Table of Contents 

million and million at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company
 records its current expected credit losses based on a variety of factors including historical loss experience and current customer financial condition. The changes to our current expected credit losses, write-off activity, and recoveries were not
 material for any of the periods presented.

million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which are included in Selling, general and administrative in the combined statements of income. 

19

Table of Contents 

years is charged to cost of goods sold when purchased. We evaluate our reserve for inventory obsolescence on a quarterly basis and review inventory on-hand to determine future salability. We base our determinations on
 the age of the inventory and the experience of our personnel. We reserve inventory that we deem to be not salable in the quarter in which we make the determination. We believe, based on past history and our policies and procedures, that our net
 inventory is salable. million as of both fiscal 2024 and 2023 was: 

Raw materials

to for buildings and improvements, to for machinery, equipment, and tooling, and over the term of the agreement for capital leases. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the lease term. 
 Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Equipment and construction in progress

Less accumulated depreciation

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Balance as of fiscal 2023

Goodwill impairment

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Balance as of fiscal 2024

20

Table of Contents 

, modest margin expansion attributed to capital investments and normalization of energy inflation, and discount rates ranging from to being applied to the forecasted cash flows. Using the
 quantitative approach, the Company makes various estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of discounted cash flow models and valuations based on earnings multiples for the Company s
 public peer group. Discounted cash flow models are reliant on various assumptions, including projected business results, long-term growth factors and weighted-average cost of capital. Management judgment is involved in estimating these variables, and
 they include uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. As a result of our annual impairment evaluations the Company recognized a goodwill impairment of million in the Rest of World segment due to the sustained impact of general market softness, macro-economic conditions and continued lower market valuation multiples. Additionally, future declines in valuation market
 multiples, sustained lower earnings, or macroeconomic challenges could impact future impairment tests. 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Amortization expense

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Amortization expense

Impairment

Balance as of fiscal 2024 

million Customer relationships, million Trademarks, million Other Intangibles 

to years. The Company has trademarks that total million that are
 indefinite lived and we test annually for impairment on the first day of the fourth quarter. Definite lived trademarks are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the assets which are not more than years. Other intangibles, which include technology and licenses, are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the
 assets which range from to 
 years. We completed the annual impairment test of our indefinite lived trademarks utilizing the qualitative method in 2024, 2023 and 2022 and
 noted impairment.

million, million, million, million, and million each year for fiscal years ending 2025, 2026,
 2027, 2028, and 2029, respectively. 

21

Table of Contents 

2026

2027

2028

2029

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: Interest

Present value of lease liabilities

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2022 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2024 

22

Table of Contents 

Goodwill

Definite lived intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Total

Goodwill

Definite lived intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Total

and 
 million, respectively.

million and million, respectively, and is recorded in Other
 Assets. Changes in the fair value of the asset are recorded in Cost of goods sold. The categorization of the framework used to value the assets is considered Level 3, based on the use of various unobservable inputs in the forward energy prices, fixed
 contractual price, and the risk-free rate. 

23

Table of Contents 

Current operating lease liabilities

Accrued expenses 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities

Operating lease liability

Finance leases:

Finance lease right-of-use assets

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Current finance lease liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt 

Finance leases

Operating cash flows

Interest expense

Finance leases

Financing cash flows

Finance leases

Amortization of right-of-use assets

years

years

Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases

years

years

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases

Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases

million for fiscal 2024.

per annum compounded daily, which shall be paid to the selling
 stockholders of the previous acquisition to the extent certain existing and potential tax claims are resolved. At September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Deferred Consideration was million and million, respectively. If the Company incurs actual
 tax liability with respect to the tax claims, the amount of the Deferred Consideration owed to the selling stockholders will be reduced by the amount of such actual tax liability. The Company will be responsible for any actual tax liability in excess
 of the Deferred Consideration. The Deferred Consideration is reflected on the combined balance sheets in Other long-term liabilities as the settlement of existing and potential claims is expected to be greater than one year. 

Accrued taxes

Operating lease liabilities

Other

24

Table of Contents 

State

Non-U.S.

Total current

Deferred:

U.S.

Federal

State

Non-U.S.

Total deferred

Expense for income taxes

million, million, and million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Non-U.S. income before income taxes was )
 million, million, and million
 for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The Company paid cash taxes of 
 million, million, and million
 in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Adjustments to reconcile to the income tax provision:

U.S. state income tax expense

Federal and state credits

Share-based compensation

Withholding taxes

Changes in foreign valuation allowance

Foreign income taxed in the U.S.

Rate differences between U.S. and foreign

Brazil provision to return

Foreign intercompany write off

Foreign restructuring benefit

Brazil ICMS rate reduction

Uncertain tax positions

Goodwill impairment

Other

Expense for income taxes

25

Table of Contents 

Inventories

Net operating loss carryforward

Lease liability

Foreign tax credit carryforward

Capitalization research and development expenditures

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property, plant and equipment

Intangible assets

Leased asset

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

million and million of net deferred tax assets recorded in Other assets, and million and million of net deferred tax liabilities recorded in Deferred income taxes on the Combined
 Balance Sheets as of the fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023, respectively.

million and million as of the fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the foreign and U.S. federal and state operations.

Gross increases tax positions in prior periods

Gross increases current period tax positions

Settlements

Lapse of statute of limitations

Ending unrecognized tax benefits

million and we had million accrued for payment of interest and penalties related to our uncertain tax positions. Our penalties and interest related to uncertain tax
 positions are included in income tax expense.

26

Table of Contents 

million, million, million, of general corporate
 expenses including information technology, accounting, legal, human resources, and other services were allocated to Spinco during the fiscal years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, respectively. Management estimates corporate costs on a standalone basis would have been approximately 
 million to million per year.

t shut down any facilities with
 significant net sales.

Rest of World

Consolidated

Charges

Cash

Balance as of fiscal 2022 

Charges

Cash

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

Charges

Non-cash asset impairment

Cash

Balance as of fiscal 2024 

million.

reportable segments: Americas and Rest of World. The structure is designed to align us with our customers, provide improved service, and drive future growth in a cost-efficient manner.

27

Table of Contents 

Rest of World

Total

Operating income (loss)

Americas

Rest of World

Total

Depreciation and amortization

Americas

Rest of World

Total

Rest of World

Total assets

Rest of World

Total long-lived assets

Latin America

Rest of world

Total net sales

Consumer Solutions

Total Net Sales

million term loan due 2031, an million senior secured notes due 2031 and a million revolving credit
 facility.

28

Table of Contents 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None.

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

This annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the
 Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies.

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that
 information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
 communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

In connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K, management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
 procedures as of September 28, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 28, 2024.

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

.

Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None.

PART III

On November 4, 2024, the Registrant (then a wholly owned subsidiary of Berry), Berry, Magnera, and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of
 Magnera, completed the previously disclosed spinoff and merger transactions contemplated by the RMT Transaction Agreement and certain other agreements in connection with the Transactions contemplated by the RMT Transaction Agreement.

The Registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore providing the reduced
 disclosure in this Part III contemplated by General Instruction (I)(2) of Form 10-K

As a result of the Transactions and as of the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Registrant meets the conditions set
 forth in General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore providing the reduced disclosure in this Part III contemplated by Instruction General Instruction (I)(2).

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

In reliance on General Instruction (I)(2) of Form 10-K, the Registrant is omitting the information otherwise called for by this Item 10.

Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

In reliance on General Instruction (I)(2) of Form 10-K, the Registrant is omitting the information otherwise called for by this Item 11.

Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

In reliance on General Instruction (I)(2) of Form 10-K, the Registrant is omitting the information otherwise called for by this Item 12.

Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

In reliance on General Instruction (I)(2) of Form 10-K, the Registrant is omitting the information otherwise called for by this Item 13.

29

Table of Contents 

Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following table sets forth the fees (in millions) incurred by Ernst Young LLP for fiscal 2024 and 2023, for various categories of professional
 services they performed as our independent registered public accountants.

Fee type

2024

2023

Audit Fees (1) 

3

1

Audit-Related Fees (2) 

-

-

Tax Fees (3) 

-

-

All Other Fees

-

-

Total Fees

3

1

(1) 

Includes annual financial statement and limited quarterly review services, statutory audits of foreign subsidiaries and providing consents for
 Securities and Exchange Commission filings and other services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accountants in connection with securities offerings.

(2) 

Includes merger and acquisition due diligence and other attest or accounting services.

(3) 

Includes domestic and international tax compliance, planning services and tax advice.

Auditor Pre-Approval Policy

We comply with pre-approval policies and procedures established by Magnera. Under Magnera s Pre-Approval Policy, the Audit Committee must pre-approve specific
 services, including fee levels, to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm in a designated category (audit, audit-related, tax services, and all other services). None of the services provided were waived from pre-approval
 requirements pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.

PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial Statements

The financial statements listed under Item 8 are filed as part of this report.

Financial Statement Schedules

Schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information has been disclosed in the financial statements or notes thereto.

30

Table of Contents 

Exhibits

Exhibit no.

Document

2.1 

RMT
 Transaction Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2024, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, Treasure Merger Sub I, Inc., Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC, Berry Global Group, Inc. and Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on October 21, 2024).

2.2 

Separation

and Distribution Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2024, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, Berry Global Group, Inc. and Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated

by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on October 21, 2024).

3.1

Certificate

of Incorporation of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on August 23, 2024).

3.2

Bylaws
 of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on August 23, 2024).

10.1 

Employee
 Matters Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2024, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, Berry Global Group, Inc. and Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on October 21, 2024).

10.2

Tax
 Matters Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2024, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, Berry Global Group, Inc. and Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on October 21, 2024).

10.3

Amendment

to Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2024, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, Berry Global Group, Inc. and Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement
 on Form 10 filed by the Company on October 21, 2024).

10.4

Transition

Services Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2024, by and between Berry Global, Inc., and Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Magnera Corporation on November 4, 2024).

10.5

First
 Amendment to the Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2024, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, Berry Global Group, Inc. and Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on
 Form 10 filed by the Company on August 23, 2024).

10.6

Second
 Amendment to the Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2024, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, Berry Global Group, Inc. and Treasure Holdco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Annual Report on
 Form 10-K filed by Berry Global Group, Inc. on November 25, 2024).

10.7+

Magnera
 Corporation 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on October 21, 2024).

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of
 the Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of
 the Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief
 Executive Officer. 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief
 Financial Officer. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
 document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

+ 

Management compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement.

Filed or furnished, as applicable, with this Annual Report.

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and similar attachments to the RMT Transaction Agreement, the Separation Agreement, the Employee Matters
 Agreement and the First Amendment to the Employee Matters Agreement have been omitted. Treasure Holdco, Inc. hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
 Commission upon request.

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None.

31

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC, as successor in interest to
 the Registrant by merger, has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: December 23, 2024

TREASURE MERGER SUB II, LLC

 (as successor in interest to Treasure Holdco, Inc.).

By:

/s/ James M. Till

Name: James M. Till

Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
 the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Curt L. Begle

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

December 23, 2024

Curt L. Begle

/s/ Jill L. Urey

General Counsel and authorized delegate of Magnera Corporation, the sole member and manager of Registrant

December 23, 2024

Jill L. Urey

32

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ef20040423_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION

I, Curtis L. Begle, Chief Executive Officer of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (succeeded in interest by Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC), certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (succeeded in interest by Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC) (the "Registrant");

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
 Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's
 auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial
 reporting.

By:

/s/ Curtis L. Begle

Date: December 23, 2024

Curtis L. Begle

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ef20040423_ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION

I, James M. Till, Chief Financial Officer of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (succeeded in interest by Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC), certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (succeeded in interest by Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC) (the "Registrant");

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
 Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's
 auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial
 reporting.

By:

/s/ James M. Till

Date: December 23, 2024

James M. Till

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ef20040423_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
 
 In connection with the annual report of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (succeeded in interest by Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC) (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Curtis L. Begle, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.
 
 Date: December 23, 2024
 /s/ Curtis L. Begle
 Curtis L. Begle
 Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ef20040423_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
 
 In connection with the annual report of Treasure Holdco, Inc. (succeeded in interest by Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC) (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, James M. Till, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.
 
 Date: December 23, 2024
 /s/ James M. Till
 James M. Till
 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 trhc-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 trhc-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 trhc-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 trhc-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 trhc-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

