<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241122_10-K_edgar_data_1230524_0001477932-24-007579.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3250425</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72772</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1153279</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>635208</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>507238</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>820343</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007579.hdr.sgml : 20241122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241122160520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007579
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Leopard Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001230524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				900314205
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50693
		FILM NUMBER:		241489698

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		VIA TOMASO RODARI, 6 - 6900
		CITY:			LUGANO
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6900
		BUSINESS PHONE:		41 79 1595013

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		VIA TOMASO RODARI, 6 - 6900
		CITY:			LUGANO
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6900

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cyber Apps World
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLEAN ENVIRO TECH CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140530

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SKY POWER SOLUTIONS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110428

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007579.txt : 20241122

10-K
 1
 cyap_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cyap_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________to____________ Commission file number: (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) + (Issuer's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) Of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the issuer: (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth Company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of January 31, 2024 was based on the closing price of the issuer's common stock on January 31, 2024, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of November 21, 2024. Leopard Energy, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year ended July 31, 2024 Table of Contents Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART I 4 5 Item 1. Business. 5 Item IA. Risk Factors. 5 Item lB. Unresolved Staff Comments. 5 Item 2. Properties. 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 5 Item 6. [Reserved]. 5 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 6 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 8 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 9 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 10 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 10 Item 9B. Other Information. 11 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 11 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 12 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 14 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 14 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 15 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 15 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 17 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 17 Signatures 18 2 Table of Contents As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), and unless otherwise indicated, the terms the Company, Leopard Energy, we, us and our refer to Leopard Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report for the Company, contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, in the sections captioned Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as elsewhere in this Report. Any and all statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. Terms such as may, might, would, should, could, project, estimate, pro-forma, predict, potential, strategy, anticipate, attempt, develop, plan, help, believe, continue, intend, expect, future and terms of similar import (including the negative of any of the foregoing) may be intended to identify forward-looking statements. Not all forward-looking statements, however, may contain one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking statements in this Report may include, without limitation, statements regarding (i) the plans and objectives of management for future operations; (ii) a projection of income, earnings per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items; (iii) the Company's future financial performance, including any such statement contained in a discussion and analysis of financial condition by management or in the results of operations included pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and (iv) the assumptions underlying or relating thereto. The forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance and are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events, or circumstances. Instead, they are based upon the Company's current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company's control. Actual results, the timing of certain events and circumstances, and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward- looking statements because of the risks and uncertainties related to them. Any forward-looking statement made by the Company in this Report is based only on information currently available to the Company and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Background Leopard Energy (f/k/a Cyber Apps World Inc.) was incorporated on July 15, 2002, under the laws of the State of Nevada and engaged in a number of businesses until April 9, 2015, at which we merged with our wholly owned subsidiary Cyber Apps World Inc. and concurrently changed our name to Cyber Apps World Inc. At the time of the merger, we shifted our business focused to the development of mobile applications focusing on allowing users around the world to save money on products and services from member merchants and suppliers instantly with mobile coupons, using their desktops and/or mobile devices, including smartphones. On July 6, 2023, JanBella Group, LLC JanBella Group ), a family office, acquired 100,000 outstanding shares of Super A Voting Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Shares in satisfaction of a promissory note made by the Company in favor of JanBella Group. The Series A Preferred Shares had been pledged to secure a note made by the Company to JanBella. Thereupon, Mohammed Irfan Raimiya Kazi, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director and Kateryna Malenko, the Company s Secretary and a director, resigned as officers and directors of the Company and William Alessi, an affiliate of JanBella Group, was appointed the sole officer and director of the Company. The Series A Preferred Shares entitle the holder thereof to 99.97 of the voting power of the Company. On August 23, 2023, JanBella Group sold the Series A Preferred Shares to Zenith Energy Ltd. Zenith Energy ). Zenith Energy is a publicly held British Columbia corporation based in Vancouver, B.C., engaged in energy production projects on three continents, whose shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Oslo and the Pink tier of the over-the-counter market maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc.. In the change in control transaction, Zenith Energy acquired the 100,000 Series A Preferred Shares, representing 99.87 of the voting power of the Company, from JanBella for consideration of approximately 398,400. As part of the transaction, William Alessi, the sole officer and director of the Company, appointed Luca Benedetto, Ippolito Cattaneo, and Dario Sodero as directors of the Company. Thereafter, Mr. Alessi resigned as the Company s sole director and officer. In addition to the foregoing, Mr. Luca Benedetto was appointed President and Treasurer of the Company and Mr. Ippolito Cattaneo was appointed as the Company s Secretary. On March 6, 2024, Ippolito Cattaneo stepped down as Secretary and a director of the Company. Following the change in control transaction, the Company began shifting its business focus to acquiring energy production and development opportunities in the U.S. On January 17, 2024, the Company purchased a 5 royalty interest in a package of seven (7) producing oil wells located in the Eagle Ford Shale, Lavaca County, Texas (the Eagle Acquisition ). The Eagle Acquisition is the Company s first transaction in the U.S. energy production and development sector. The Company intends to complete additional acquisitions of this kind in the near future and continue its focus on the U.S. energy sector. Effective April 26, 2024, the Company changed its name in Leopard Energy, Inc. Since completion of the change in control transaction, in August 2023, Zenith Energy, our controlling stockholder, has provided 325,759 capital in the form of payment made on behalf of the Company and 45,000 paid in capital in cash. Zenith Energy has indicated that intends to continue to finance the Company and its expansion into the energy sector, to acquire additional royalties and/or ownership interest, pending the receipt of additional financing. 4 Table of Contents Competition The U.S. market for the acquisition of energy production and development opportunities is highly competitive. There are numerous firms and individuals engaged in the business, many of whom have longer operating histories and greater financial resources than we do. We believe that we can compete effectively based upon the energy sector experience of our executive officers and our controlling stockholders, although no assurance can be given in this regard. Employees As of the date of this Report, we have no employees, other than our executive officers. We have retained independent consultants and contractors who are presently completing the necessary additional development of our products. Item lA. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act we are not required to provide this Item. Item lB. Unresolved Staff Comments. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this Item. Item 2. Properties. We do not own or lease any real property. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We have no knowledge of any material, active or pending proceeding against us or our subsidiaries, nor are we, or any subsidiary, involved as a plaintiff or defendant in any material proceeding or pending litigation. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the Pink tier of the over-the-counter market maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc., under the symbol LEEN. However, there is currently only a limited trading market for the Common Stock and there is no assurance that a regular trading market will ever develop. Holders As of the date of this Report there were 36 holders of record of our Common Stock, based on information provided by the Company's transfer agent. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Item 6. [Reserved]. 5 Table of Contents Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of our Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to our consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. of this Report. Results of Operations For the year ended July, 2024 ) 2023 ) Revenues 4,429 - General and administrative expenses (287,168 (139,430 Operating loss (282,739 (139,430 Total other income (expense) 29,936 (9,464 Net loss (252,803 (148,894 For the year ended July 31, 2024, we generated revenues of 4,429 from the royalty interest we acquired in the Eagle Acquisition consummated in January 2024. The royalty interest provides the Company with a monthly distribution of its share or revenues from the property, net of expenses and operational risks, from an oil production property managed by a non-affiliated third party. We had no revenues for the year ended July 31, 2023. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, the Company incurred operating expenses of 286,729, as compared to expenses of 139,430 during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. The majority of the expenses consisted of general and administrative expenses, which includes professional services. For the year ended July 31, 2024, we had a net loss of 252,803, primarily to professional services under general and administrative expenses. All the expenses were paid by our controlling stockholder Zenith Energy, who renounced to its credit. Our net loss of 148,894 for the year ended July 31, 2023, consisted entirely of general and administrative expenses. 6 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources At July 31, 2024 ) At July 31, 2023 ) Cash 6,432 3 Total current assets 6,432 3 Non current assets 39,280 - Current liabilities (Accounts payable) 243,346 123,309 As of July 31, 2024, our current assets consisted of 6,432 in cash, as compared to 3 in case at July 31, 2023 and deposits 6,429, as compared to Nil at July 31, 2023. Cash Flows from Operating Activities For the year ended July 31, 2024 ) 2023 ) Net cash provided from (used in) operating activities (154,323 48,360 For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 154,323, consisting of our net loss for the period of 252,803, increased by the accounts payable of 131,656 and decreased by a convertible notes write-off of 8,423, a loan payable write-off of 13,134, and an accounts payable write off of 11,619. Cash Flows from Investing Activities For the year ended July 31, 2024 ) 2023 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (39,280 (73,942 For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, we invested 39,280, for the acquisition of the 5 royalty interest in a package of seven (7) producing oil wells located in the Eagle Ford Shale, Lavaca County, Texas. In the year ended July 31, 2023 the Company invested 73,942 in the software development with respect to its prior business. Cash Flows from Financing Activities For the year ended July 31, 2024 ) 2023 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 200,032 121,986 For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, net cash from investing activities was 200,032, due to additional paid in capital provided by Zenith Energy, our controlling stockholder, offset by the payment of convertible notes net of the amount written-off. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, net cash from financing activities was 121,986. Since the change in control transaction completed in August 2023, Zenith Energy, our controlling stockholder, has provided 325,759 capital in the form of payment made on behalf of the Company and 45,000 paid in capital in cash. 7 Table of Contents Our financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which contemplates our continuation as a going concern. As of July 31, 2024, we have incurred losses of 11,708,450. In addition, as of July 31, 2024 our current liabilities exceed our current assets by 217,770. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue operating as a going concern. Our ability to continue our operations as a going concern, realize the carrying value of our assets, and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business is dependent upon our ability to raise capital sufficient to fund our commitments and ongoing losses, and ultimately generate profitable operations. We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other methods, the sale of equity or debt securities. In addition, Zenith Energy, our controlling stockholder has advised us that intends to provide the Company with working capital to fund operations and acquisitions, pending receipt of additional funding. Critical Accounting Estimates Our financial statements and the notes to the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide this information. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements None. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide this information. 8 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (PCAOB 50909). LEOPARD ENERGY, INC. F/K/A CYBER APPS WORLD INC. July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023 Index to Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 1171) F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024, and 2023 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for Years Ended July 31, 2024, and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholder s Deficit for the Years Ended July 31, 2024, and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2024, and 2023 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended July 31, 2024, and 2023 F-6 9 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Leopard Energy, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Leopard Energy, Inc and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of July 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended July 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended July 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company incurred substantial losses during the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. As of July 31, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit. Accordingly, these factors give rise to substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. Management closely monitors the Company s financial position and has prepared a plan that is found in Note 1 that addresses this substantial doubt. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal controls over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ WWC, P.C. Certified Public Accountants PCAOB ID: We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. November 22, 2024 F-1 Table of Contents LEOPARD ENERGY, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets As of July 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Total current assets Royalty interests Total Assets LIABILITIES AND (DEFICIT) EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Convertible notes payable Loan payable Total non-current liabilities Total Liabilities STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIT Preferred stock, par value, authorized, issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 Common stock, par value, shares and shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholder s Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholder s Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents LEOPARD ENERGY, INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss For the Years Ended July 31, 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross Income General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss Other income (expense) Gain from convertible notes write off Gain from loan payable write off Gain from Accounts payable write off Financial expense Total other income (expense) Net loss Basic net loss per common share Diluted net loss per common share Basic weighted average common shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents LEOPARD ENERGY, INC. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Equity Additional Common Stock Preferred Stock paid in Accumulated Number Par Value Number Par Value Capital Deficit Total Opening balance as of July 31, 2022 Issuance of Common stock from convertible notes conversion Issuance of Common Stock Cancellation of Common shares Issuance of Preferred stock Cancellation of Preferred stock Net Loss - - Closing Balance as of July 31, 2023 Opening balance as of August 1, 2023 Additional paid in capital Net Loss Closing Balance as of July 31, 2024 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements, F-4 Table of Contents LEOPARD ENERGY, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended July 31, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Impairment loss Convertible notes interest accrued for conversion Original initial discount and legal processing fees Convertible Notes Write off Loan Payable write off Accounts payable write off Changes in assets and liabilities: - - Deposit Prepayments Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Royal interest acquisition Software development Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from Convertible bond Proceeds from Loan Repayment made to Loan balance Convertible Notes repayment Proceeds from Issuance of preferred shares Proceeds from Issuance of common shares Proceeds provided by additional paid in capital Net cash from financing activities Net change in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Non cash activities Issuing common stock and preferred stock in connection with convertible notes Convertible notes payable and accounts payable repayment made by shareholder on behalf of the Company Expenses payment made by shareholder on behalf of the Company The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents LEOPARD ENERGY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS July 31, 2024 Write off loan payable Write off Accounts payable F-6 Table of Contents and during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of July 31, 2024, the Company had accumulated deficit of and a working capital deficit of . Management believes these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. Management recognized that the Company s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to obtain needed working capital through additional equity and/or debt financing and revenue to cover expenses as the Company continues to incur losses. Management monitors and analyzes the Company s cash on-hand, its ability to generate sufficient revenue sources in the future, and its operating and capital expenditure commitments. Since its incorporation, the Company has financed its operations through advances from its controlling shareholders, third-party convertible debt, and the sale of its common stock. Management s plans are to finance operations through the sale of equity or other investments for the foreseeable future, as the Company does not receive significant revenue from its business operations. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in arranging financing on acceptable terms. The Company s ability to raise additional capital is affected by trends and uncertainties beyond its control. The Company does not currently have any arrangements for financing, and it may not be able to find such financing if required. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number of factors, including investor sentiment. Market factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable to it. Since the transfer of controlling interest in August 2023, Zenith Energy Ltd. Zenith Energy ), the Company s controlling stockholder, has provided approximately capital in the form of payment made on behalf of the Company. Zenith Energy has indicated that intends to continue to finance the Company and its expansion into the energy sector, to acquire additional royalties and/or ownership interest, pending the receipt of additional financing. To sustain its ability to support the Company s operating activities, the Company may have to consider supplementing its available sources of funds through the following sources: (1) cash generated from upcoming operations; (2) new bank loans , (3) financial support from the Company s shareholder and related party. Based on the above analysis, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company can meet its obligations as they become due within one year from the reporting date and can continue as a going concern. F-7 Table of Contents Concentrations of Credit Risk Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-8 Table of Contents Royalty Interests producing oil wells located in the Eagle Ford Shale, Lavaca County, Texas (the Eagle Acquisition at a cost of . The operating rights of the wells are leased to licensed operators (oil and gas companies) through agreements that grant the operator the right to explore, drill, and produce oil or gas, and the royalty interest is a financial share of production paid to the well rights owner. The agreements do not include a specific expiry date because they are tied to the production lifespan of the operation lease or agreement. The lease may expire if production ceases, but as long as the well is productive, the rights remain in effect under a concept known as Held by Production (HBP). Under the HBP system, once a well begins production, the lease remains valid as long as the production continues and so as the royalty interests. The rights endure for the lifetime of the well, providing economic security for both the rights holder and the operator. If production ceases or drops below commercial levels, the lease may terminate unless further development or operations occur. As a result, the Company do not recognize any amortization expenses. Royalty interests acquired are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Valuations are periodically performed or obtained by management whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairments, if any, are recorded by a charge to net income and a valuation allowance if the carrying value of the royalty interest exceeds its estimated fair value. There was no depletion expense for the year ended July 31, 2024. F-9 Table of Contents producing oil wells located in the Eagle Ford Shale, Lavaca County, Texas (the Eagle Acquisition ), acquired on January 17, 2024, that resulted in a yearly amount of . During the previous financial year 2023, the Company had no revenues generation. Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Common Share F-10 Table of Contents Convertible Common Shares - For the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the reconciliation to net loss per common share basic and the anti-dilutive impact on net loss per share, are as follows: Net Loss - diluted Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive shares Convertible notes - Diluted - Net loss per common share: Basic Diluted Income Taxes Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements F-11 Table of Contents . This balance was fully repaid in August 2023. Convertible Promissory Note As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company holds a balance of convertible note payable in the amount of Nil and , respectively. Upon the acquisition by Zenith Energy Ltd, all convertible notes payable balance as of July 31, 2023 were fully redeemed in cash in August 2023. On January 4, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an otherwise unaffiliated investor in the original principal amount of with a gross proceed of . The note would mature on . The note carries a interest rate and was partially converted into shares at an average of per share by July 25, 2022, and the remaining balance of as of July 31,2022 was fully converted into shares at an average of per share by August 23, 2023. On May 9, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an otherwise unaffiliated investor in the original principal amount of and a gross proceed of . The note would mature on . The note carries a interest rate and as of July 31, 2023, the note was in default. The balance and interest accrued in total of have been redeemed in full amount in August 2023. On September 13, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an otherwise unaffiliated investor in the original principal amount of with a gross proceed of . The note would mature on . The note carries a interest rate and the balance has been redeemed in full amount in August 2023. On December 15, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to the shareholder at the time JanBella Group, LLC JanBella in the original principal amount of and a gross proceed of . During the year ended July 31,2023, has been redeemed in cash and leaving a balance of as of July, 31,2023. the balance has been redeemed in full amount in August 2023. On January 17, 2023, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an otherwise unaffiliated investor in the original principal amount of and a gross proceeds of . The note would mature on . The note carries a interest rate and the balance of has been redeemed in full amount in August 2023. During the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, there were total Nil and of convertible promissory note been converted into Nil and shares of common stock, respectively; Shares reserved for the convertible notes balance as of July 31 ,2023 were cancelled subsequently, and the convertible notes balance of as of July 31,2023 has been redeemed in full amount by August 2023. F-12 Table of Contents shares of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Shares to an otherwise unaffiliated investor. . On June 27, 2022, the Company issued Series A Preferred Shares for consideration of 0.001 per share to an unaffiliated investor with 0 gross proceeds. The Series A Preferred Shares had been pledged to secure a note made by the Company to JanBella since December 15, 2022. On June 27, 2023, JanBella acquired outstanding Series A Preferred Shares in satisfaction of a promissory note made by the Company in favor of JanBella, representing of the voting power of the Company. On August 23, 2023, JanBella sold its Series A Preferred Shares it held to Zenith Energy Ltd. Zenith Energy ). Zenith Energy. In the change in control transaction, Zenith Energy acquired the Series A Preferred Shares from JanBella for consideration of approximately . The Series A Stock shall have the following preferences, powers, designations and other special rights: . The Unaffiliated investor of the Series A Preferred Shares votes together with the Unaffiliated investors of common stock as a single class upon all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. The Unaffiliated investors of Series A Preferred Shares are not entitled to receive dividends paid on the Company's Common Stock. Upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Unaffiliated investors of the Series A Preferred Shares then outstanding are not entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company, whether from capital or earnings available for distribution, any amounts which will be otherwise available to and distributed to the holders of common stock. Common Stock Effective January 18, 2013, the Company filed with Secretary of State of Nevada a Certificate of Change that affected a reverse split in the Company's outstanding common stock and a reduction of the Company s authorized common stock in the same 1:50 ratio, from shares to shares. The Company has retroactively restated all share amounts to show the effects of the Common Stock split. On August 18, 2021, the Company increased its authorized capital to shares of common stock with par value . During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for total proceeds of . The Company also cancelled shares of common stock for no monetary amount. During the year-ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for total proceeds of . The Company also cancelled shares of common stock for no monetary amount. During the year-ended July 31, 2024, the Company did not issue nor cancelled any share. In October 2022, the shareholders representing a majority of the Company's issued voting shares, as well as the Company's board of directors approved a reverse stock split whereby each 840 pre-split shares of common stock shall be exchanged for one post-split share of common stock. Concurrently with the reverse split, the Company has approved the decrease in its authorized shares of common stock from shares with par value to shares with par value . The Company has retroactively restated all share amounts to show effects of the reverse split. F-13 Table of Contents Impairment loss of goodwill Net operating loss carryforwards Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets and the corresponding valuation allowances amounted to approximately million and million as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The income tax provision for the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 consists of the following: Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision A reconciliation between expected income taxes, computed at the federal income tax rate of applied to the pretax accounting loss, and the income tax net expense included in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows, Change in valuation allowance 1 Effective tax rate F-14 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our senior management, consisting of Andrea Cattaneo, our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Luca Benedetto, our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting Officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, consisting of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2024. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting as set forth below, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive financial officers and accounting officers effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 10 Table of Contents As of July 31, 2024, our chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013 and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, we believe that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of independent directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of July 31, 20234 Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2) and (3) above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of independent directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of the year ended July 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. Not applicable 11 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. As at the date of this Report, our executive officers and directors and their respective ages are as follows: Name Position Age Term of Office Andrea Cattaneo CEO and Director 68 March 25, 2024 to present. Luca Benedetto CFO and Director 53 August 23, 2023, to present Dario Sodero Director 81 August 23, 2023, to present The principal occupation and business experience during the past five years for the Company's executive officers and directors is as follows: Andrea Cattaneo , 68, has served as a director of Zenith Energy, our controlling stockholder since December 2008 and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Zenith Energy and its affiliated entities since January 2009. Zenith Energy, Ltd., which is based in Canada, is a publicly held company engaged in the acquisition and development of energy production opportunities, principally in Central Asia, North America, Africa and Europe. Its shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange Main Market (LSE: ZEN), admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth of the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE: ZENA) and quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market cross-trading facility in the United States (OTCQB: ZENAF). Mr. Cattaneo is an experienced energy industry executive, with a focus on energy production opportunities in emerging countries. He has over 30 years experience in advising governments in financial, industrial, and energy matters and strong expertise and experience in structuring and negotiating contracts, having initiated and signed agreements with some of the largest state-owned oil and gas companies in the world. Prior to entering the energy industry, Mr. Cattaneo s primary business activity was banking, with a specialization in sovereign loans to developing economies. Mr. Cattaneo holds an undergraduate degree in economic s from the University of Genoa and a postgraduate degree in taxation law from the University of Bologna. Luca Benedetto , who also served as our Chief Executive Officer from August 23, 2023 to March 25, 2024, has been Chief Financial Officer and a director of Zenith Energy since 2013. Mr. Benedetto is an Italian national, trained in Italy as a registered accountant with further education in IFRS accounting and consolidation at IPSOA Milan. He has more than twenty-five years of experience in accounting, auditing, and financial administration. Mr. Benedetto began his professional career as an accountant and computer programmer responsible for financial software development and worked for the Italian division of IBM as an internal auditor and accountant as well as providing staff training in these aforementioned fields. He also served for seven years as a financial and administrative officer in a well-established Italian Company specializing in the construction of fuel and water storage tanks. He joined the Zenith Energy Ltd. group in 2013 as Chief Financial Officer of Zenith Energy's Italian subsidiary, Canoel Italia S.r.1., and has since progressed to also hold the position of Chief Financial Officer of Zenith Energy. In this capacity he has been directly involved in the monitoring of business performance, cash flow management, budgetary oversight, accounts team supervision, accounts preparation and strategic planning. Since January 2016 he has also been responsible for the compiling and reviewing of the quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Zenith Energy. Dario Sodero has served as a member of the board of directors of Zenith Energy since June 24, 2009. As an experienced energy industry executive with 47 years of experience in North America, the Sub-Arctic, North Africa and the Middle East, Mr. Sodero has strong geological, exploration and technical expertise. Mr. Sodero has formerly acted as director and executive of several other TSX- and TSXV-listed exploration and production companies. Mr. Sodero holds a Doctorate degree in Geology from the University of Turin, Italy. Directors are elected to serve until the earlier of the election and qualification of their successors, their removal for cause by the shareholders, or their resignation. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified. A majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes a quorum of the board of directors for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute a quorum. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the board of directors may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board of directors individually or collectively consent in writing to the action. Executive officers are appointed by the board and serve at its pleasure. 12 Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our and executive officers and directors (including those of our subsidiaries) has: Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses; been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated; or been subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among our executive officers or directors. Audit Committee We do not presently have an audit committee. Our board of directors currently acts as our audit committee. Compensation Committee We do not presently have a compensation committee. Our board of directors currently acts as our compensation committee. Nominating Committee We do not presently have a nominating committee. Our board of directors currently acts as our nominating committee. Code of Ethics We have not adopted Code of Ethics which is applicable to our executive officers. 13 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation. During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, there was no compensation paid by the Company to its our senior management, including the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation. Employment Agreements The Company had no employment agreements with its executive officers. Equity Compensation Plans The Company has no equity compensation plan in place and has not granted stock awards, stock options or other equity incentives to any of its former executive officers named in the above table or to any of its present executive officers. Director Compensation The Company has not implemented a compensation plan for and has not compensated its non-executive directors. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, Directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our officers, Directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were complied with under Section 16 of the Exchange Act during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, except as follows: Forms 3 required to be filed by Zenith Energy, Luca Benedetto and Ippolito Cattaneo, a former director and executive officer of the Company. were filed 27 days late due to administrative oversights. The Form 3 required to filed by Dario Sodero was filed 28 days late due to an administrative oversight. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth, as of date of this Report, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock and by each of our current directors and executive officers. The address of each of our current directors and officers is c/o the Company, Via Tomaso Rodari 6, Lugano, Switzerland 6900. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class Andrea Cattaneo (1) 0 shares of common stock 0 Luca Benedetto (1) 0 shares of common stock 0 Dario Sodero (1) 0 shares of common stock 0 All directors and officers as a group (3 persons) (1) 0 shares of common stock 0 14 Table of Contents (1) Mr. Andrea Cattaneo, is CEO, President and director of Zenith Energy, Mr. Benedetto is Chief Financial Officer and a director of Zenith Energy and Mr. Sodero is a director of Zenith Energy and accordingly, may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive control over the Series A Preferred shares held by Zenith Energy, which afford Zenith Energy 99.87 of the voting power of the Company. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Since completion of the change in control transaction in August 2023, Zenith Energy, our controlling stockholder, has provided 325,759 capital in the form of payment made on behalf of the Company and 45,000 paid in capital in cash. Zenith Energy has indicated that intends to continue to finance the Company and its expansion into the energy sector, to acquire additional royalties and/or ownership interest, pending the receipt of additional financing Except with respect to the foregoing, during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, the Company has not engaged in any transaction with any executive officer, director or 5 or greater stockholder, in which they had or will have a direct or indirect material interest exceeding 120,000, nor is any such transaction currently proposed or contemplated. Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions Our board of directors is charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then be reported under applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Audit Fees For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023., our independent registered public accounting firms were WWC, Professional Corporation Certified Public Accountants, PCAOB ID: 1171. The aggregate fees billed by for professional services rendered for the accounting and audit of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, were 20,000 and 27,000, respectively. 15 Table of Contents Audit-Related Fees There have been no audit-related fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firms in the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023. Tax Fees There have been no tax fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firms in the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023. All Other Fees Our registered independent registered public accounting firms have billed us 31,800 in relation to the review of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, respectively. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors Since we do not have a formal audit committee given our relatively small size, our board of directors serves as our audit committee. We have not adopted pre-approval policies and procedures with respect to our accountants. All of the services provided, and fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firms were approved by the board of directors. 16 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2, filed with the Commission on May 7, 2003.) 3.la Certificate of Change, effective October 23, 2019, providing for a 4-for-l stock split and increase in authorized common stock. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.la to the Company's Amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, filed with the Commission on August 13, 2020.) 3.1b Certificate of Designation of Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock (previously filed with this Report.) 3.1c Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company effective April 26, 2024 -filed herewith. 3.2 By-Laws of the Company. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the Commission on May 7, 2003.) 31.1 Section 302 Certification Chief Executive Officer, filed herewith. 31.2 Section 302 Certification Chief Financial Officer, filed herewith. 32.1 Section 906 Certification Chief Executive Officer, filed herewith. 32.2 Section 906 Certification Chief Executive Officer, filed herewith. Copies of the following documents are included as exhibits to this report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. EC Ref. No. Title of Document 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 17 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. LEOPARD ENERGY, INC. By: /s/ Luca Benedetto Luca Benedetto Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date: November 22, 2024 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date / s/ Andrea Cattaneo Chief Executive Officer and Director November 22, 2024 Andrea Cattaneo (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Luca Benedetto Chief Financial Officer November 22, 2024 Luca Benedetto (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Dario Sodero Director November 22, 2024 Dario Sodero 18 

<EX-3.1C>
 2
 cyap_ex31c.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
 
 cyap_ex31c.htm EXHIBIT 3.1C 

</EX-3.1C>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cyap_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cyap_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Andrea Cattaneo, as Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) of Leopard Energy, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024, of the Registrant; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. Together with the Registrant s other certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Registrant and I have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. Together with the Registrant s other certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ Andrea Cattaneo Andrea Cattaneo Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 cyap_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cyap_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Luca Benedetto, as Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) of Leopard Energy, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024, of the Registrant; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. Together with the Registrant s other certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Registrant and I have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. Together with the registrant s other certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ Luca Benedetto Luca Benedetto Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 cyap_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cyap_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Andrea Cattaneo, Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) of Leopard Energy Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ Andrea Cattaneo Andrea Cattaneo Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 cyap_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cyap_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Luca Benedetto, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting Officer) of Leopard Energy Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the year ended July 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. Date: November 22, 2024 By: /s/ Luca Benedetto Luca Benedetto Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cyap-20240731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cyap-20240731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cyap-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cyap-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

