<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-K_edgar_data_846377_0001477932-24-006707.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5021579</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>352944</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1397524</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1203248</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>786445</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1156964</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-006707.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029145614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-006707
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Totaligent, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000846377
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHORT-TERM BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6153]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				800142655
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55122
		FILM NUMBER:		241405184

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 324A
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-988-2621

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 324A
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLTEMP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170428

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOURCE FINANCIAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WIKI GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120316

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-006707.txt : 20241029

10-K
 1
 totaligent_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

totaligent_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter). (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously filed financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10 D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of March 31, 2024, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported by the OTCQB Marketplace on such date, was approximately million. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director, and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock, have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are affiliates for any other purposes. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of October 22, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. Item 1. Business. 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 11 Item 2. Properties. 21 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 21 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 21 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 22 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 23 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 23 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 31 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 32 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 32 Item 9B. Other Information. 33 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 33 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 34 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 36 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 37 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 38 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 39 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 40 Item 16. Form 10K Summary. 40 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, believes, can, could, may, predicts, potential, should, will, estimate, plans, projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, intends, and similar words or phrases. Accordingly, these statements are only predictions and involve estimates, known and unknown risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of several factors more fully described in Item 1A of this Report under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report, including the exhibits hereto. All forward-looking statements are necessarily only estimates of future results, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. The inclusion of this forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere in this Report. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Use of Certain Defined Terms Except where the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: In this annual report, references to Totaligent , Alltemp , or the Company, or we, or us, and our refer to Totaligent, Inc. or f/k/a Alltemp, Inc. Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. SEC refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 3 Table of Contents PART I. Item 1. Business Totaligent, Inc. Totaligent or the Company is a technology company, with its headquarters located in Boca Raton, Florida deploying an 8-member remote work team, that provides person-based digital marketing for companies and individuals to use and unlock owned and acquired data to efficiently market their products, services, and brands. Totaligent aims to launch a public version of its integrated digital marketing platform in the fourth quarter of 2024 that will democratize the use of first-, second-, and third-party data. Corporate History Totaligent, Inc. (the Company ), formerly known as Alltemp, Inc., was incorporated on June 24, 1988 under the laws of the State of Delaware under the name Windsor Capital Corp. In February 2008, we became an internet person-to-person lending service as a result of our acquisition from Spider Investments, LLC, of all right, title and interest in and to www.swapadebt.com , a person-to-person lending website, in consideration for shares of our common stock. On February 10, 2012, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, we acquired all of the outstanding equity of WikiPay, Inc., in exchange for shares of our Series A Preferred Stock convertible into sixty percent (60 of our then outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis. On December 31, 2013, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Moneytech Limited, an Australian company Moneytech pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement dated May 30, 2013 (the Share Exchange ). As a result of the Share Exchange, Moneytech became a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company, with the Moneytech shareholders owning in excess of 50 of our outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. In connection with the Share Exchange, our two principal stockholders prior to consummation of the share exchange deposited in escrow an aggregate of 2,240,000 shares of our common stock, and we deposited in escrow all outstanding shares of the common stock of WikiTechnologies, Inc. WTI our only operating subsidiary prior to the Share Exchange. The terms of the escrow arrangement were such that if WTI failed to achieve certain financial benchmarks we could elect to retain the Escrow Shares by delivering the WTI Escrow Shares to the two stockholders. On December 31, 2013, we consummated the Exchange Agreement whereby Moneytech became a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company and the Moneytech shareholders acquired in excess of 50 of our outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. On February 11, 2014, we entered into a Separation Agreement with the two stockholders, pursuant to which the WTI Escrow Shares were delivered to them, as a result of which we no longer own any equity interest in WTI,. On February 14, 2014, pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, we relinquished our ownership interest in WikiTechnologies. On December 31, 2016, the Company entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement (the Moneytech Agreement by and among the Company, Moneytech Group Pty Ltd., and certain shareholders of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Moneytech Agreement, Moneytech Group acquired from the Company all of the outstanding shares and equity interests in Moneytech Limited and mPayments Pty Ltd., as well as its 95 equity interests in Moneytech POS Pty Ltd. and its 37.5 equity interests in 360 Markets Pty Ltd. (collectively, the Moneytechterests ), f As a result, the Moneytech Entities become subsidiaries of Moneytech and the Company had no further relationship with the Moneytech Entities. Simultaneously on the Closing Date, the Company entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement by and among the Company, Venture Track, Inc., Venture Track and the shareholders of Venture Track (the Venture Track Shareholders ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to exchange the outstanding common stock of Venture Track held by the Venture Track Shareholders for securities of the Company., 4 Table of Contents As a result of the Share Exchange Agreement, Venture Track became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On January 24, 2017, the Company, CSES Group, Inc. CSES and CSES Acquisition, Inc. executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger pursuant to which, on April 27, 2027 CSES became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub. As a result of the Merger, the former stockholders of CSES owned approximately 76.60 of the Company s Common Stock to be outstanding immediately following the Merger. On April 21, 2017, in connection with the Merger, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation was amended to change the Company s name to Alltemp, Inc. from Source Financial, Inc. Effective September 29, 2017, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Spider Investments, LLC Spider ), a company controlled by the former controlling shareholder of the Company prior to the Merger, which provided for Spider to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Venture Track, Inc., in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock. Venture Track, Inc. was a development stage company with certain intellectual property that the Company had previously acquired effective December 31, 2016 in a reverse merger transaction. On April 16, 2018, the Company filed a Form 15 to suspend its duty to file reports under Section 13 of Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On December 3, 2021, the Company, Digi Messaging Advertising Inc., a Wyoming corporation Digi ), and the Shareholders of Digi (the Digi Shareholders executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement that provided for Digi to be merged into the Company (the Merger through a share exchange agreement. As a result of the Share Exchange, the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Digi in exchange for the issuance of 600,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Immediately following the Merger, the Company s subsidiary, CSES Group, Inc., which owned all rights, title and interest in the Company s refrigerant technology, was spun out in exchange for the cancellation of an aggregate of 54,422,903 shares of the Company s Common Stock (held by former Alltemp management and shareholders). The Company s common stock was traded on the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets under the symbol LTMP through May 20, 2018, on the OTC Pink marketplace thereafter, and on July 21, 2022, the Company changed its name to Totaligent, Inc., and trades under the symbol TGNT as of August 1, 2022. OUR BUSINESS SUMMARY Introduction Totaligent, Inc. is a technology company, with its headquarters located in Boca Raton, Florida deploying an 8-member remote work team, that provides person-based digital marketing for companies and individuals to use and unlock owned and acquired data to efficiently market their products, services, and brands. Totaligent aims to launch a public version of its integrated digital marketing platform in Q1 of 2025 that will democratize the use of first-, second-, and third-party data. Company Overview Totaligent is a person-based digital marketing platform that allows companies and individuals to use and unlock owned and acquired data to efficiently market their products, services, and brands. By leveraging Totaligent s platform tools, users can deploy an all-encompassing digital communications strategy. 5 Table of Contents Today, Totaligent offers managed campaigns to publicly traded companies and political candidates, and is launching the beta version of its consumer-facing person-based digital marketing platform in Q4 of 2024. Totaligent s managed campaign business will continue to be the main driver of revenue until the public launch of the consumer platform. Totaligent s white-label programmatic ad platform is directly connected to its own custom Database Management Platform DMP ), which allows micro-targeting using data matching, which can be site specific, area specific and/or zip code specific. This platform leverages highly efficient display advertising, as opposed to general search engine keyword advertising. The platform is connected to more than 40 network publishers, giving users a deep network of web portals in all verticals. The Totaligent team is continuously updating the platform to follow the ever-changing advertising rules implemented by Google, Facebook, Twitter and others, regarding advertising crypto, drugs, tobacco, firearms, sex, and political advertising. Our customer outreach tools include email, SMS, and push notification. Email marketing on the Totaligent platform connects to most of the known email marketing Electronic Services Portals ESP ). Short Message Service SMS connects to multiple telecom partners allowing users to choose deliverability and the best price for their messaging needs. We offer long code, short code, and 1-800s. Push notification marketing utilizes the Totaligent smart code (cookie), which allows customers to receive push notifications for upcoming news, offers, events, and more, all managed internally on Totaligent s Push servers. Individual Totaligent services are currently operational and used for our managed campaign program. Upon the launch of the consumer-facing platform, the full spectrum of Totaligent s digital communication tools will operate within the same User Interface XML UIX ), negating the need for multiple service providers or Customer Relationship Management CRM tools to perform various individual tasks. Users will be able to harmonize every facet of a digital campaign from a single panel, allowing multichannel marketing and analytics to maximize communication and ROI from the user s customer and visitor databases. The Company is trading on the OTC Pink Market under the stock symbol, TGNT. Industry Overview Digital Marketing and Programmatic Advertising The digital marketing industry is experiencing rapid evolution, driven by the convergence of data-driven strategies, advanced technology platforms, and the increasing need for personalized consumer engagement. As businesses and individuals strive to cut through the noise in an oversaturated market, platforms like Totaligent are becoming increasingly critical. Totaligent is a person-based digital marketing platform that enables companies to harness both owned and acquired data to deliver targeted, efficient marketing campaigns. By offering a comprehensive suite of tools, Totaligent empowers users to deploy all-encompassing digital communication strategies that resonate with their target audiences. The Shift Towards Person-Based Marketing In recent years, the industry has shifted from broad, demographic-based targeting to more precise, person-based marketing. This approach leverages detailed consumer data to deliver personalized experiences across multiple channels. Totaligent s platform is designed to meet this demand, providing users with the ability to micro-target audiences using a custom Database Management Platform (DMP). This platform allows for site-specific, area-specific, and zip code-specific targeting, ensuring that marketing efforts reach the most relevant consumers. 6 Table of Contents Person-based marketing is particularly valuable in today s landscape, where consumers expect tailored experiences. By connecting directly with more than 40 network publishers, Totaligent offers a vast network of web portals across various verticals. This enables users to deliver highly efficient display advertising, which is increasingly favored over traditional keyword-based search engine advertising. The result is more effective campaigns that drive higher engagement and return on investment (ROI). Managed Campaigns and Revenue Streams Totaligent s business model is currently anchored by its managed campaign services, which cater to publicly traded companies and political candidates. These campaigns, which utilize the platform s robust micro-targeting capabilities, are a significant revenue driver. The managed campaigns offer clients a full-service solution, leveraging Totaligent s expertise in navigating the complex and often changing regulations surrounding digital advertising, including those related to sensitive sectors like crypto, drugs, and political advertising. As Totaligent prepares to launch the beta version of its consumer-facing platform in Q4 of 2024, the managed campaign business will continue to be the primary revenue source. However, the consumer platform represents a significant growth opportunity, as it will allow a broader range of users to access Totaligent s sophisticated marketing tools. This expansion into the consumer market is expected to diversify the company s revenue streams and position it for long-term success. Integration and Automation: The Future of Digital Marketing One of the key differentiators of Totaligent s platform is its focus on integration and automation. The platform s white-label programmatic ad capabilities are seamlessly connected to its DMP, enabling users to manage and optimize campaigns from a single interface. This integration negates the need for multiple service providers or Customer Relationship Management (CRM) tools, streamlining the digital marketing process. Totaligent also offers a comprehensive set of customer outreach tools, including email, SMS, and push notifications. These tools are designed to be easily accessible through the platform s unified User Interface XML (UIX), allowing users to harmonize their marketing efforts across different channels. The ability to manage multichannel campaigns from a single panel not only enhances efficiency but also maximizes the impact of marketing efforts by providing a cohesive customer experience. Adapting to Industry Changes The digital marketing landscape is constantly evolving, with new regulations and platform policies frequently altering the rules of engagement. Totaligent s commitment to continuous platform updates ensures that users can navigate these changes with ease. The platform is designed to stay ahead of the curve, adapting to new guidelines from major players like Google, Facebook, and Twitter. In conclusion, Totaligent is well-positioned to thrive in the dynamic digital marketing industry. By offering a person-based approach to marketing, coupled with powerful integration and automation tools, Totaligent enables users to execute highly effective campaigns that drive meaningful results. As the company expands its consumer-facing platform, it is poised to become a leader in the digital marketing space, providing both businesses and individuals with the tools they need to succeed in an increasingly competitive environment. 7 Table of Contents Here are some compelling statistics and forecasts that support the information presented about Totaligent and the digital marketing industry: 1. Growth of Digital Marketing: The global digital advertising market is projected to reach 645.8 billion by 2024, growing at a CAGR of 10.7 from 2021 to 2024. This growth underscores the increasing reliance on digital channels for marketing and the potential market for platforms like Totaligent. 2. Shift to Person-Based Marketing: Research indicates that personalized marketing can boost conversion rates by up to 202 . As consumers demand more personalized experiences, the shift towards person-based marketing becomes essential, making Totaligent s platform, which offers micro-targeting, highly relevant. 3. Programmatic Advertising Dominance: By 2024, programmatic advertising is expected to account for 91 of digital display ad spending in the U.S. This trend highlights the importance of programmatic platforms like Totaligent s, which can efficiently reach targeted audiences. 4. Email Marketing ROI: Email marketing continues to deliver strong ROI, with an average return of 42 for every 1 spent. Totaligent s integration with known ESPs positions it well to help users capitalize on this effective channel. 5. SMS Marketing Growth: The global SMS marketing market is expected to grow from 5.5 billion in 2021 to 24.9 billion by 2028, reflecting a CAGR of 24.8 . Totaligent s SMS capabilities align with this growing trend, offering users a powerful tool for customer engagement. 6. Push Notification Engagement: Push notifications have a click-through rate (CTR) of up to 40 , making them one of the most effective channels for real-time customer engagement. Totaligent s smart code for push notifications allows users to tap into this highly engaging channel. These statistics and forecasts emphasize the relevance and potential of Totaligent s platform in a rapidly growing and evolving digital marketing landscape. Market Opportunity The market opportunity for Totaligent within the digital marketing industry is substantial, driven by several key factors: Expanding Digital Advertising Market The global digital advertising market is expected to grow significantly, with projections suggesting it could reach 645.8 billion by 2024. As businesses increasingly shift their advertising budgets from traditional to digital channels, platforms like Totaligent that offer advanced targeting and integration tools stand to capture a significant share of this growing market. Rising Demand for Person-Based Marketing There is a growing demand for more personalized and targeted marketing strategies. Consumers expect relevant and tailored content, which has led to the rise of person-based marketing. Totaligent s platform, which enables micro-targeting based on detailed consumer data, is well-positioned to capitalize on this trend. With studies showing that personalized marketing can boost conversion rates by over 200 , the demand for platforms that can deliver this capability is likely to increase. Growth in Programmatic Advertising Programmatic advertising is projected to dominate the digital display ad market, accounting for 91 of spending in the U.S. by 2024. Totaligent s white-label programmatic ad platform, connected to a broad network of publishers, offers a significant opportunity to tap into this market. As more advertisers move towards automated, data-driven ad buying, Totaligent s platform can attract a wide range of users seeking efficient and effective advertising solutions. 8 Table of Contents Opportunities in Email, SMS, and Push Notification Marketing Email marketing continues to deliver high ROI, while SMS and push notification marketing are experiencing rapid growth. The SMS marketing market, for instance, is expected to grow at a CAGR of 24.8 through 2028. Totaligent s integrated tools for email, SMS, and push notifications allow users to engage customers across multiple channels, creating a comprehensive marketing solution that meets diverse needs. The ability to offer these services within a single platform enhances the value proposition for businesses seeking to streamline their digital marketing efforts. Regulatory and Market Adaptation As digital advertising becomes more regulated, particularly in areas like political advertising, crypto, and other sensitive sectors, platforms that can adapt quickly to these changes will have a competitive advantage. Totaligent s commitment to continuously updating its platform to comply with new regulations provides a significant opportunity to attract clients in regulated industries that require compliant marketing solutions. Expansion into the Consumer Market The planned launch of Totaligent s consumer-facing platform in Q4 2024 represents a major growth opportunity. By making its sophisticated marketing tools accessible to a broader audience, including small businesses and individual marketers, Totaligent can tap into a vast and underserved segment of the market. This expansion could significantly diversify revenue streams and drive long-term growth. Growth and Development Strategy To capitalize on the substantial market opportunity in digital marketing, Totaligent has outlined a comprehensive growth strategy that includes targeted marketing efforts, brand development, and strategic acquisitions. By leveraging its existing strengths in person-based digital marketing and programmatic advertising, Totaligent aims to scale its operations, diversify revenue streams, and solidify its position as a leader in the industry. 1. Marketing Strategy Channel Partners/Influencers Totaligent can expand its reach by building a network of channel partners and influencers within the digital marketing space. Many industries have used influencers to promote brands, and Totaligent can develop a similar network of influencers, including digital marketing experts, tech bloggers, and social media personalities. These influencers would promote Totaligent s platform through content that showcases its unique capabilities, such as micro-targeting and multichannel integration. Influencers would be compensated on a performance basis, creating a scalable and cost-effective marketing model. Digital Marketing Platform Development Totaligent will continue to innovate and expand its platform capabilities. By focusing on the development of new features that address the evolving needs of digital marketers, such as enhanced data analytics, AI-driven campaign optimization, and improved user interface design, Totaligent will attract and retain a growing customer base. The company s commitment to staying ahead of regulatory changes will also be a significant differentiator in the market. 2. Brand Development Totaligent will focus on building a strong brand identity as a leading provider of person-based digital marketing solutions. This involves not only expanding its product offerings but also establishing itself as a thought leader in the industry. Expanding Platform Offerings Totaligent will continuously enhance its platform by integrating new features that align with market trends, such as AI-driven personalization, enhanced data privacy tools, and cross-channel campaign management. This will allow Totaligent to meet the diverse needs of its customers and stay ahead of competitors. 9 Table of Contents Strategic Partnerships Aligning with high-profile partners, such as major digital ad networks, data providers, and tech companies, will enhance Totaligent s brand credibility. These partnerships will also provide additional channels for customer acquisition and brand exposure. 3. Acquisitions Strategy Totaligent intends to pursue strategic acquisitions to accelerate growth, expand its capabilities, and strengthen its market position. This strategy will focus on three key areas: Existing Digital Marketing Brands Totaligent will target emerging digital marketing platforms and agencies that have demonstrated initial market penetration and potential for growth. By acquiring these companies, Totaligent can quickly expand its customer base, enhance its service offerings, and increase market share. Technology Acquisitions To complement its platform, Totaligent will seek to acquire innovative technologies that enhance data analytics, customer engagement, and programmatic advertising capabilities. These acquisitions will provide Totaligent with additional tools to offer more comprehensive solutions to its clients, driving higher customer satisfaction and loyalty. Distribution and Data Assets Totaligent will explore opportunities to acquire data providers and distribution platforms that can enhance its targeting capabilities. This could include acquiring companies with extensive consumer data or advanced targeting algorithms that can be integrated into Totaligent s DMP. Additionally, acquiring companies with strong distribution networks will allow Totaligent to expand its reach and offer more robust services to its clients. Totaligent aims to capitalize on the expanding digital marketing industry, leveraging its strengths in person-based marketing, programmatic advertising, and multichannel integration. Through targeted marketing efforts, brand development, and strategic acquisitions, Totaligent is poised to scale its operations, diversify its revenue streams, and solidify its position as a market leader in digital marketing solutions. Competition Totaligent is in a highly-competitive space, dominated by well-known players like ActiveCampaign , known for its robust automation capabilities, Klavivo , featuring over 300 integrations and supporting various automation and personalization features, HubSpot , known for its comprehensive suite of CRM, marketing, sales, and service tools, and Gladly, which consolidates customer interactions across channels like email, chat, and social media into one unified platform. Intellectual property Totaligent s intellectual property is grounded in its ownership of domain names, confidential business information, and tactics. These assets form the core of its competitive advantage, safeguarding the brand s identity and proprietary knowledge. By leveraging domain names, confidential information and tactics, it preserves its unique business strategies and innovations. These intellectual properties collectively reinforce Totaligent's market presence and contribute to its long-term success. 10 Table of Contents Government Regulation The Internet We are subject to several laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. The way existing laws and regulations will be applied to the Internet and how they will relate to our business are often unclear. For example, we often cannot be certain how existing laws will apply in the e-commerce and online context, including with respect to such topics as privacy, defamation, pricing, credit card fraud, advertising, taxation, sweepstakes, promotions, content regulation, quality of products and services, and intellectual property ownership and infringement. Numerous laws and regulatory schemes have been adopted at the national and state level in the United States, and in some cases internationally, that have a direct impact on our business and operations. For example: The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, or CARD Act, and similar laws and regulations adopted by several states regulate credit card and gift certificate use fairness, including expiration dates and fees. Our business also requires that we comply with payment card industry data security and other standards. We are subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) provides relief for claims of circumvention of copyright protected technologies and includes a safe harbor intended to reduce the liability of online service providers for hosting, listing, or linking to third-party content that infringes copyrights of others. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, provides consumers the right to know what personal data companies collect, how it is used, and the right to access, delete, and opt out of the sale of their personal information to third parties. It also expands the definition of personal information and gives consumers increased privacy rights and protections for that information. The CCPA also includes special requirements for California consumers under the age of 16. In addition, the European Union and United Kingdom have adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which likewise impose significant data protection obligations on enterprises, including limitations on data uses and constraints on certain uses of sensitive data. Effective January 1, 2023, we became subject to the California Privacy Rights Act, which expands upon the consumer data use restrictions, penalties and enforcement provisions under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia s Consumer Data Protection Act, another comprehensive data privacy law. Effective July 1, 2023, we became subject to the Colorado Privacy Act and the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, which are also comprehensive consumer privacy laws. Effective December 31, 2023, we will also become subject to the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, regarding business handling of consumers personal data. CONSIDERATIONS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should give careful consideration to the following risk factors, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 11 Table of Contents RISKS RELATING TO OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND CAPITAL NEEDS We are in our development stage and have a limited operating history. We are a development-stage enterprise with a limited operating history with no sales, and operating losses since its inception. We will need to continue building our organization and team to competently evaluate and secure business opportunities for the development of sophisticated technologies. As an early-stage business we will likely encounter unforeseen costs, expenses, competition and other problems to which such businesses are often subject. Our likelihood of success will depend on the problems, uncertainties, unexpected costs, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in developing and expanding a new business and the competitive environment in which we plan to operate. If we fail to successfully address these risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially harmed. Our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report. The Company has evaluated whether there are certain conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had a net loss of 402,170, had 1,038,868 in negative working capital, accumulated deficit of 860,127 and stockholders deficit of 910,016. As a result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the accompanying consolidated financial statements are being issued. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, to fund possible future acquisitions, and to generate profitable operations in the future. At December 31, 2023, the Company had cash of 167,735. Management is currently seeking to raise additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt or equity securities, and estimates that a significant amount of capital will be necessary over a sustained period of time to advance the development of the Company s business to the point at which it can become commercially viable and self-sustaining. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in this regard. As market conditions present uncertainty as to the Company s ability to secure additional funds, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure additional financing on acceptable terms, or at all, as and when necessary to continue to conduct operations. A debt financing may contain undue restrictions on the Company s operations and/or liens on the Company s tangible and intangible assets, and an equity financing may cause substantial dilution to the Company s common stockholders. If cash resources are insufficient to satisfy the Company s ongoing cash requirements, the Company would be required to scale back or discontinue its operations, obtain funds, if available, although there can be no certainty, through strategic alliances that may require the Company to relinquish rights to its technology, or to discontinue its operations entirely. The development and expansion of the Company s business in 2024 and thereafter will be dependent on the capital resources available to the Company. No assurances can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company or adequate to fund the development and expansion of the Company s business to a level that is commercially viable and self-sustaining. The Company will need to raise additional capital to support its operations. The Company will need to procure additional financing over time, the amount and timing of which will depend on a number of factors, including the pace of expansion of the Company s opportunities and customer base, the scope of product development to be undertaken by the Company, the need to respond to customer needs for improvement of product offerings, the services offered and development efforts, the cash flow generated by its operations, the extent of losses, if any with respect to matters identified as risk factors herein and the extent of other unanticipated areas or amounts of expenditure. The Company cannot fully predict the extent to which it will require additional financing. There can be no assurance regarding the availability or terms of additional financing the Company may be able to procure over time. Any new investor may require that any future debt financing or issuance of preferred equity by the Company could be senior to the rights of stockholders, and any future issuance of equity could result in the dilution of the value of our shares. 12 Table of Contents We anticipate operating losses to continue into the foreseeable future and substantial additional capital may be required that may not be available on acceptable terms . The Company has negative working capital and has sustained operating losses since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital that will be required to sustain operations and execute our business plan, which involves raising capital for acquisitions as well as developing and commercializing technologies. We expect capital outlays and operating expenditures to increase as we expand our product offerings and marketing activities. Our business or operations may change in a manner that would consume available funds more rapidly than anticipated, and substantial additional funding may be required to maintain operations, fund expansion, develop new or enhanced products or services, acquire complementary products, businesses or technologies or otherwise respond to competitive pressures and opportunities. Furthermore, any equity or debt financings, if available at all, may be on terms which are not favorable to the Company (and therefore its shareholders) and, in the case of a new equity offering by the Company, existing shareholders will be diluted unless they purchase their proportionate share of the equity offering. If adequate capital is not available on economically viable terms and conditions, the Company s business, operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. The Company s future revenue and operating results are unpredictable and may fluctuate significantly. It is difficult to accurately forecast the Company s revenues and operating results, and they could fluctuate in the future due to several factors. These factors may include acceptance of the Company s products and services; the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures; competition from other market venues or services that may reduce market share and create pricing pressure; and adverse changes in general economic, industry and regulatory conditions and requirements. The Company s operating results may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed above and others not listed. At times, these fluctuations may be significant. If demand for our products and services does not develop as expected our projected revenues and profits will be affected. Our future profits are influenced by many factors, including economics, world events and changing customer preferences. We believe that the markets in our product segment will continue to grow, that we will be successful in marketing our products and services in these markets. If our expectations as to the size of these markets and our ability to sell our products and services in this market are not correct, our revenue may not materialize, and our business will be adversely affected. If we fail to acquire and retain new customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, we may be unable to increase net revenues, improve margins and achieve profitability. Our success depends on our ability to acquire and retain new customers and to do so in a cost-effective manner. We must continue to acquire customers in order to increase net revenues, improve margins, and achieve profitability. We intend to make significant investments related to customer acquisition and expect to continue to spend significant amounts to acquire additional customers. We cannot assure you that the net revenues from the new customers we acquire will ultimately exceed the cost of acquiring those customers. If we fail to deliver a quality shopping experience, or if consumers do not perceive the products we offer to be of high value and quality, we may be unable to acquire or retain customers. If we are unable to acquire or retain customers who purchase products in volumes sufficient to grow our business, we may be unable to generate the scale necessary to achieve operational efficiency. Consequently, our prices may increase, or may not decrease to levels sufficient to generate customer interest, our net revenues may decrease, and our margins and profitability may decline or not improve. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 13 Table of Contents We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key employees, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Our future performance depends on the continued services and contributions of our senior management and other key employees, and without these key executives and employees, we may not have the ability to execute our business plans and to identify and pursue new opportunities and innovations. The loss of services of senior management or other key employees could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives. The loss of the services of our senior management or other key employees for any reason could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We do not presently maintain any key man life insurance policies. We may not be able to manage future growth effectively. If our business plans are successful, we may experience significant growth in a short period of time and potential scaling issues. Should we grow rapidly, our financial, management and operating resources may not expand sufficiently to adequately manage our growth. If we are unable to manage our growth, our costs may increase disproportionately, our future revenues may stop growing or decline and we may face dissatisfied customers. Our failure to manage our growth may adversely impact our business and the value of your investment. A failure or breach of our security systems or infrastructure as a result of cyberattacks could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. Information security risks for technology companies, such as the Company, have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties. These threats may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties or may result from human error or accidental technological failure. These threats include cyberattacks, such as computer viruses, malicious code, phishing attacks or information security breaches. Our operations will, in part, rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our customers will rely on digital technologies, computers, email and messaging systems, software and networks to conduct their operations or to utilize our products or services. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers will use personal smartphones, tablet computers and other mobile devices that may be beyond our control. If a cyberattack or other information security breach occurs, it could lead to security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services which could result in the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information (including account data information) or data security compromises. Such events could also cause service interruptions, malfunctions or other failures in the physical infrastructure or operations systems that will support our businesses and customers, as well as the operations of our customers or other third parties. Any actual attacks could lead to damage to our reputation with our customers and other parties and the market, additional costs to the Company (such as repairing systems, adding new personnel or protection technologies or compliance costs), regulatory penalties, financial losses to both us and our customers and partners and the loss of customers and business opportunities. If such attacks are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded. Although we will attempt to mitigate these risks, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. 14 Table of Contents Current market conditions and recessionary pressures in one or more of the Company s markets could impact the Company s ability to grow its business. The U.S. economy faces continued concerns about the systemic impacts of adverse economic conditions such as the U.S. deficit, historically high inflation, volatile energy costs, geopolitical issues, the continued availability and cost of credit in the face of expected interest rate increases by the U.S. Federal Reserve, ongoing supply chain disruptions, the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and unstable financial and real estate markets. Foreign countries, including those in the Euro zone, are affected by similar systemic impacts. Turbulence in the United States and international markets and economic conditions may adversely affect the Company s liquidity and financial condition, and the liquidity and financial condition of the Company s customers. If these market conditions occur, they may limit the Company s ability, and the ability of the Company s customers, to replace maturing liabilities and to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that the Company s products and services will be accepted in the marketplace. To date, inflationary pressures have not had a material impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations, and we have not developed any plans or taken any action to mitigate such inflationary pressures. However, there is no assurance the inflationary pressures will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations in the future. If inflationary pressures begin to have a material effect on the Company in the future, we may or may not develop plans to mitigate those pressures. Risks Related to Government Regulation and Being a Public Company We will face growing regulatory and compliance requirements which can be costly and time consuming. New and evolving regulations and compliance standards for cyber security, data protection, privacy, and internal IT controls are often created in response to the tide of cyberattacks and will increasingly impact organizations like our company. Existing regulatory standards require that organizations implement internal controls for user access to applications and data. In addition, data breaches are driving a new wave of regulation, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, with stricter enforcement and higher penalties. Regulatory and policy-driven obligations require expensive and time-consuming compliance measures. The fear of non-compliance, failed audits, and material findings has pushed organizations to spend more to ensure they are in compliance, often resulting in costly, one-off implementations to mitigate potential fines or reputational damage. The high costs associated with failing to meet regulatory requirements, combined with the risk of fallout from security breaches, has elevated this topic from the IT organization to the executive and board level. We may need to spend additional time and money ensuring we will meet future regulatory requirements. Intellectual Property may be threatened or become obsolete. We rely on a combination of trademarks, domain names, and confidential information to protect our proprietary rights. However, these protections may not be sufficient to prevent unauthorized use, infringement, or misappropriation by third parties. Our ability to protect our intellectual property is subject to various uncertainties, including the limitations of legal protections in certain jurisdictions, the possibility of invalidation or challenge to our intellectual property rights, and the risk of competitors developing similar or superior technologies. Failure to protect our intellectual property could result in diminished brand value, loss of competitive advantage, and potential legal disputes, which may require costly litigation and divert management's focus. Our competitors are well-funded and have large customer bases. We operate in a competitive market where many of our competitors may have greater financial, technical, and marketing resources, as well as a longer operating history. These competitors may be better positioned to develop and market products more effectively, invest in superior intellectual property protection, or engage in extended legal battles. Their ability to leverage these resources could undermine our market position, reduce our market share, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. If we are unable to respond to these competitive pressures, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 15 Table of Contents Our business could be negatively impacted by changes in the U.S. political environment. There is significant ongoing uncertainty with respect to potential legislation, regulation and government policy at the federal, state and local levels in the United States. Such uncertainty and any material changes in such legislation, regulation and government policy could significantly impact our business as well as the markets in which we compete. Specific legislative and regulatory proposals that might materially impact us include, but are not limited to, changes to liability rules for data privacy regulations, import and export regulations, income tax regulations and the U.S. federal tax code and public company reporting requirements, immigration policies and enforcement, healthcare law, minimum wage laws, climate and energy policies, foreign trade and relations with foreign governments, and pandemic response. To the extent changes in the political environment have a negative impact on us or on our customers, our markets, our business, results of operation and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted in the future. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could adversely affect our operating results and business. In the ordinary course of our business, we might collect and store in our internal and external data centers, cloud services and networks sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business collaborators, as well as personal information of our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. The number and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions that companies have experienced from third parties has increased over the past few years. Despite our security measures, it is impossible for us to eliminate this risk. A number of U.S. states have enacted data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, financial information and other sensitive personal information. For example, all 50 states and several U.S. territories now have data breach laws that require timely notification to affected individuals, and at times regulators, credit reporting agencies and other bodies, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of certain personal information. Other state laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, or the CCPA, among other things, contain disclosure obligations for businesses that collect personal information about residents in their state and affords those individuals new rights relating to their personal information that may affect our ability to collect and/or use personal information. Effective January 1, 2023, we became subject to the California Privacy Rights Act, which expands upon the consumer data use restrictions, penalties and enforcement provisions under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia s Consumer Data Protection Act, another comprehensive data privacy law. Effective July 1, 2023, we became subject to the Colorado Privacy Act and Connecticut s An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, which are also comprehensive consumer privacy laws. Effective December 31, 2023, we became subject to the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, regarding business handling of consumers personal data. Meanwhile, several other states and the federal government have considered or are considering privacy laws like the CCPA. We will continue to monitor and assess the impact of these laws, which may impose substantial penalties for violations, impose significant costs for investigations and compliance, allow private class-action litigation and carry significant potential liability for our business. Outside of the U.S., data protection laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, also might apply to some of our operations or business collaborators. Legal requirements in these countries relating to the collection, storage, processing and transfer of personal data/information continue to evolve. The GDPR imposes, among other things, data protection requirements that include strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer EU personal data/information, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances, and possible substantial fines for any violations (including possible fines for certain violations of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of total company revenue). Other governmental authorities around the world have enacted or are considering similar types of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. Our business depends on our customers continued and unimpeded access to the Internet and the development and maintenance of Internet infrastructure. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to certain of our services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of customers. Our services depend on the ability of our customers to access the Internet. Currently, this access is provided by companies having significant market power in the broadband and Internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers have the ability to take measures including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access to certain of our services by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support our services, charging increased fees to our users, or regulating online speech. Such interference could result in a loss of existing users, advertisers and goodwill, could result in increased costs and could impair our ability to attract new users, thereby harming our revenue and growth. 16 Table of Contents Moreover, the adoption of any laws or regulations adversely affecting the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, including laws impacting Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our services and increase our operating costs. The legislative and regulatory landscape regarding the regulation of the Internet and, in particular, Internet neutrality, in the U.S. is subject to uncertainty. To the extent any laws, regulations or rulings permit Internet service providers to charge some users higher rates than others for the delivery of their content, Internet service providers could attempt to use such law, regulation or ruling to impose higher fees or deliver our content with less speed, reliability or otherwise on a non-neutral basis as compared to other market participants, and our business could be adversely impacted. Internationally, government regulation concerning the Internet, and in particular, network neutrality, may be developing or non-existent. Within such a regulatory environment, we could experience discriminatory or anticompetitive practices impeding both our and our customers domestic and international growth, increasing our costs or adversely affecting our business. Additional changes in the legislative and regulatory landscape regarding Internet neutrality, or otherwise regarding the regulation of the Internet, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our business could be affected by new governmental regulations regarding the Internet. To date, government regulations have not materially restricted the use of the Internet in most parts of the world. However, the legal and regulatory environment relating to the Internet is uncertain, and governments may impose regulation in the future. New laws may be passed, courts may issue decisions affecting the Internet, existing but previously inapplicable or unenforced laws may be deemed to apply to the Internet or regulatory agencies may begin to more rigorously enforce such formerly unenforced laws, or existing legal safe harbors may be narrowed, both by U.S. federal or state governments and by governments of foreign jurisdictions. The adoption of any new laws or regulations, or the narrowing of any safe harbors, could hinder growth in the use of the Internet and online services generally, and decrease acceptance of the Internet and online services as a means of communications, e-commerce and advertising. In addition, such changes in laws could increase our costs of doing business or prevent us from delivering our services over the Internet or in specific jurisdictions, which could harm our business and our results of operations. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. Our current internal controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business or changes in the applicable laws, regulations and standards. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods or adversely affect the results of management evaluations and independent registered public accounting firm audits of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq in the future. Industry and other market data used in this or other periodic reports that we have filed or will in the future file with the SEC, including those undertaken by us or our engaged consultants, may not prove to be representative of current and future market conditions or future results. This report includes or refers to, and periodic reports that we have will in the future file with the SEC may include or refer to, statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties and surveys and studies that we undertook ourselves regarding the market potential for our current products. Although we believe that such information has been obtained from reliable sources, the sources of such data have not guaranteed the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable, we have not independently verified such data. The results of this data represent various methodologies, assumptions, research, analysis, projections, estimates, composition of respondent pool, presentation of data and adjustments, each of which may ultimately prove to be incorrect, and cause actual results and market viability to differ materially from those presented in any such report or other materials. 17 Table of Contents Our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, any financial institutions with which we enter into credit agreements or arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but may not be limited to, the following: delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; inability to enter into credit facilities or other working capital resources; potential or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters of credit or other credit support arrangements; or termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses or other obligations, financial or otherwise, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations, or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. Any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our partners, vendors or suppliers, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a partner may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy, or a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a vendor or supplier could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. The bankruptcy or insolvency of any partner, vendor or supplier, or the failure of any partner to make payments when due, or any breach or default by a partner, vendor or supplier, or the loss of any significant supplier relationships, could cause us to suffer material losses and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 18 Table of Contents Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Our stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. The stock market in general has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance of individual companies, particularly following a public offering of a company with a small public float. There is the potential for rapid and substantial price volatility of our common stock. Broad market factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual or expected operating performance and financial condition or prospects, which may make it difficult for investors to assess the rapidly changing value of our common stock. Additionally, the price and volume of our common stock may fluctuate significantly as a result of the following factors: quarterly variations in our operating results compared to market expectations; adverse publicity about us, the industries we participate in or individual scandals; announcements of new offerings or significant price reductions by us or our competitors; fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes; changes in senior management or key personnel; changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; the market s reaction to our reduced disclosure as a result of being an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; negative earnings or other announcements by us or our competitors; defaults on indebtedness, incurrence of additional indebtedness, or issuances of additional capital stock; global economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; and the other factors listed in this Risk Factors section. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price for the shares and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price for our common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for our common stock to decline. We have never paid cash dividends on our stock and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. We have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board deems relevant. 19 Table of Contents Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, or restrict our operations. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity and/or debt financing and collaborations, licensing agreements or other strategic arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of such securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. To the extent that we raise additional capital through debt financing, it would result in increased fixed payment obligations and a portion of our operating cash flows, if any, being dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness. In addition, debt financing may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that impose operating restrictions, such as restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, the making of certain capital expenditures or the declaration of dividends. We may issue additional debt and equity securities, which are senior to our common stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which could materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by entering into additional debt or debt-like financing that is secured by all or up to all of our assets, or issuing debt or equity securities, which could include issuances of commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior notes, subordinated notes or shares. In the event of our liquidation, our lenders and holders of our debt securities would receive a distribution of our available assets before distribution to our stockholders. In addition, any additional preferred stock, if issued by our company, may have a preference with respect to distributions and upon liquidation, which could further limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Because our decision to incur debt and issue securities in our future offerings will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings and debt financing. Further, market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. Thus, you will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the value of your common stock and diluting your interest in our company. We are a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are also a voluntary filer. Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that: had a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principal market for the common equity; or in the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act for shares of its common equity, had a public float of less than 250 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus, in the case of a Securities Act registration statement, the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public offering price of the shares; or in the case of an issuer whose public float as calculated under paragraph (1) or (2) of this definition was zero or whose public float was less than 700 million, had annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available. 20 Table of Contents As a smaller reporting company, we will not be required and may not include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy statements; we will provide only two years of financial statements; and we need not provide the table of selected financial data. We also will have other scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies which could make our common stock less attractive to potential investors, which could make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. In addition, we are a voluntary filer as we have terminated our reporting status under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Accordingly, we may elect to discontinue filing reports at any time under the Exchange Act. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of common stock, either by us or by our existing stockholders, or the possibility that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Future sales in the public market of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of common stock, shares held by our existing stockholders or shares issued upon exercise of our outstanding stock options or warrants, or the perception by the market that these sales could occur, could lower the market price of our common stock or make it difficult for us to raise additional capital. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 1C. Cybersecurity We aim to deploy a cyber-risk management program which is intended to assist in assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats to our data and information systems. This program will be implemented to ensure that cybersecurity considerations are included in decision-making processes throughout the Company. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not experienced any significant cybersecurity attacks and, to date, the risks from cybersecurity threats have not materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Item 2. Properties The Company rents Class A shared office space in Boca Raton, Florida on a month-to-month basis. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Not Applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. 21 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock is quoted on OTC Markets under the symbol TGNT. Shares of our common stock have historically been thinly traded, and as a result, our stock price as quoted by OTC Markets may not reflect an actual or perceived value. The following table sets forth the approximate high and low bid prices for our common stock for the last two fiscal years and interim periods. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Period High Bid Low Bid January 1, 2023, through March 31, 2023 0.018 0.01 April 1, 2023, through June 30, 2023 0.027 0.013 July 1, 2023, through September 30, 2023 0.019 0.010 October 1, 2023, through December 31, 2023 0.016 0.010 Period High Bid Low Bid January 1, 2022, through March 31, 2022 0.027 0.012 April 1, 2022, through June 30, 2022 0.025 0.012 July 1, 2022, through September 30, 2022 0.037 0.016 October 1, 2022, through December 31, 2022 0.019 0.009 Our Transfer Agent Standard Transfer Company, with offices at 440 East 400 South, Suite 200 Salt Lake City, UT 84111, is the transfer agent for our shares of common and preferred stock. The transfer agent is responsible for all record-keeping and administrative functions in connection with our shares of common stock. Holders As of December 31, 2023, there were 320 holders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have not declared any cash dividends, nor do we intend to do so in the foreseeable future. Penny Stock Regulations The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. The Registrant s common stock is a penny stock and is subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouses). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market, thus possibly making it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. 22 Table of Contents For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of a disclosure schedule required by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. There can be no assurance that the Registrant s common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. Even if the Registrant s common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, the Registrant would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The Registrant does not have any equity compensation plans and accordingly there are no shares authorized for issuance under an equity compensation plan. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Not applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should specifically consider the various risk factors identified in this Report that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Financial Results The following discussion of the results of operations constitutes management s review of the factors that affected the financial and operating performance for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. The Company has a December 31 fiscal year end. Executive Summary Totaligent, Inc. Totaligent or the Company is a person-based digital marketing platform that allows companies and individuals to use and unlock owned and acquired data to efficiently market their products, services, and brands. The Company is building an Nvidia supercluster with 2.4 Terabytes of GPU ram and 18 Terabytes of system ram, which will allow Totaligent s Artificial Intelligence to deliver nearly instantaneous data processing and modeling. The Company s consumer-facing integrated digital marketing platform, which allows individuals and enterprises to leverage its big data to micro-target customers with disruptive increases in efficiency, is set to launch in Q1 of 2025 Totaligent is a Delaware corporation currently trading on the OTCPink market under the stock symbol TGNT, and has executive offices located at 2255 Glades Road, Suite 324A Boca Raton, FL 33431 and a technology hub in Houston, TX. Business Description: Today, Totaligent offers managed campaigns to publicly traded companies and political candidates, and is launching a consumer-facing person-based digital marketing platform in Q1 of 2025. Totaligent s managed campaign business will continue to be the main driver of revenue until the public launch of the consumer platform. 23 Table of Contents Totaligent s white-label programmatic ad platform is directly connected to its own custom Database Management Platform DMP ), which allows micro-targeting using data matching, which can be site specific, area specific and/or zip code specific. This platform leverages highly efficient display advertising, as opposed to general search engine keyword advertising. The platform is connected to more than 40 network publishers, giving users a deep network of web portals in all verticals. The Totaligent team is continuously updating the platform to follow the ever-changing advertising rules implemented by Google, Facebook, Twitter and others, regarding advertising crypto, drugs, tobacco, firearms, sex, and political advertising. Our customer outreach tools include email, SMS, and push notification. Email marketing on the Totaligent platform connects to most of the known email marketing Electronic Services Portals ESP ). Short Message Service SMS connects to multiple telecom partners allowing users to choose deliverability and the best price for their messaging needs. We offer long code, short code, and 1-800s. Push notification marketing utilizes the Totaligent smart code (cookie), which allows customers to receive push notifications for upcoming news, offers, events, and more, all managed internally on Totaligent s Push servers. Individual Totaligent services are currently operational and used for our managed campaign program. Upon the launch of the consumer-facing platform, the full spectrum of Totaligent s digital communication tools will operate within the same User Interface XML UIX ), negating the need for multiple service providers or Customer Relationship Management CRM tools to perform various individual tasks. Users will be able to harmonize every facet of a digital campaign from a single panel, allowing multichannel marketing and analytics to maximize communication and ROI from the user s customer and visitor databases. Background To be successful in today s digital world, companies websites need pop up widgets, tracking pixels, push notification services, email services (Constant Contact, Mail Chimp, etc.), text and/or SMS services (Twilio), and other services for Pay per Click PPC (Google, Oath, Twitter, Facebook, etc.). From platform set up to campaign management, each of these services requires additional layers of effort and focus. Companies are required to purchase or license software and often need a technical team to set up and integrate APIs and manage each digital platform. Today, most users of these services are typically small to medium sized business owners and don t have the technical expertise, time or capital to effectively manage digital marketing campaigns successfully. These deficiencies make them susceptible to click and bot fraud, which runs rampant on ad networks. There is no way to audit clicks and impressions on these ad networks; companies are led to believe that every view and click is a real person when in reality, they re not. Fake clicks and impressions are a massive revenue generator for the ad networks, so there is no incentive for them to make digital advertising more efficient. Companies are simply told to accept unsustainable conversion rates. In addition, ad networks hoard an enormous amount of customer data (email, device ID, mobile number, etc.) for their benefit, even though they are being paid by companies to acquire customers on their behalf. Companies are only provided with the alleged number of clicks and the average time spent on their site. This lack of crucial data is a major disadvantage for the companies campaign managers when trying to determine how to better engage with their target market. Because they cannot retarget prospects via email, text, or otherwise, they are forced to spend additional money on the ad networks to blindly reengage. 24 Table of Contents How Totaligent is Different The Totaligent platform makes every visitor and impression a usable data point. When users run digital campaigns on Totaligent, every prospect that clicks on users sites, is immediately matched to the requisite data from the DMP, providing the users with crucial data points. The Totaligent platform stores the users data in a closed-circuit environment for use in future digital campaigns. This is the key to the Totaligent marketing platform. Totaligent can match all visitor data immediately upon landing on the users websites, like: device IDs, IP address, mobile number, email address, and social network profiles. This type of data allows Totaligent s users to engage in micro-targeted person-based marketing, as opposed to blindly running ad campaigns and requesting the site visitors details. With Totaligent, users will now be able to access one interface to manage their Text, Email, PPC, and Push Notification campaigns to maximize their person-based marketing efforts. Totaligent Programmatic The use of programmatic marketing is extremely cost effective, when Totaligent users create like audiences. Users of the platform can input specific demographics to create like audiences for micro-targeting purposes, so they can be most efficient with their ad spend. Totaligent estimates that person-based targeted ads yield a 40 cost savings, while increasing conversion rates from remarketing campaigns. Benefits: Eliminates bot and fraudulent traffic, as well as wasteful display impressions; now every impression becomes useful data with Totaligent s ability to match and append based upon IP address and device ID. Eliminates the need to target the general population, with the hope that an interested party will click an ad with the intention of converting. Eliminates competitors and marketers clicking ads, to get advertising ideas, pushing lower conversion ratios, or simply to waste a user s money. Totaligent currently has vast U.S. audiences of businesses, non-profits, political parties, venture capital, financial markets/investor verticals, and donors. Totaligent Tools To get great results, you need the right tools. Unfortunately, the right tools are not available in a single platform, which makes effective digital marketing a cumbersome and costly endeavor. After years of managing millions of dollars in digital campaigns, the Totaligent team built specific tools to overcome systemic marketing problems that continue to force people to needlessly employ marketing experts and/or rely on unverifiable platform data. Totaligent s tools put website owners back in control of their marketing, by connecting the website to specific person-based audiences in our database. This means anyone who knows who their ideal customer is, can create an audience of those people, and micro-target campaigns across all forms of digital communication. Totaligent Widget acts as a functional central command to connect to our DMP. The Totaligent Widget includes basic digital marketing functionality including a limited number of pop ups, emails, analytics, and push notifications. Totaligent Link tracks and matches every click delivered via email, SMS, and other campaign mechanisms, to Totaligent s DMP. These tools were designed and created over years of analysis and tens of millions of dollars spent on advertising campaigns, custom communication, and marketing platforms. Currently, for person-based programmatic and micro-targeted advertising, companies must spend thousands of dollars per month to use LiveRamp, a Totaligent competitor, in order to create and market to tailored audiences. This expense can significantly increase the cost per 1,000 impressions (CPI) and cost-per-click (CPC), typically by 400 and even much higher for some verticals. As the Totaligent network grows, so too will the number of first party cookies. Totaligent s first-party cookies can be set on browsers, allowing for marketing, data collection and verification in our DMP. Every user that visits any Totaligent enabled web portal, link or ad is placed into the DMP and instantly matched across all channels and data points, continually updating and verifying their information. 25 Table of Contents Totaligent Database Management Platform (DMP) The Internet is full of information; a quick Google, Facebook, or Twitter query, can typically locate just about everyone. Most people keep the same alter egos online for years and, with the smart phone being connected to web browsers and emails, it s very easy to collect, store and manage data on everyone in the United States. Totaligent s database is constantly being appended, cleaned, and verified from pixel fires, link clicks, PPC, email, and SMS. Our base data sets include voters, donors, investors, consumers, and other publicly sourced information, to verify and update the information as needed. We track and maintain over 400 data points on each record and allow for cross platform marketing. Our DMP utilizes schema mark ups, indexing, public filings, search engines, corporate records, WhoIs, IP addresses, as well as consumer, voter, and business data to match, update, and verify existing records. First and third- party pixels are also employed, in agreement with certain vendors and clients, who gather more millions of monthly impressions. Totaligent DMP partners with websites to provide functionality for major clients for free in exchange for adding our pixel to their portals, which generate additional impressions to help grow and verify user data running through the system. Totaligent Audiences are created and used internally and are MD5 hash encrypted, so they cannot be exported and downloaded by users. Totaligent ESP is our customizable email system that can connect to any outside API provider or can be used on the Totaligent email network, which runs on the TOTALIGENT PMTA, SMTP (any), Amazon SES API, Mailgun API, SparkPost API, SendGrid API, Mandrill API, Elastic Email API, MailJet API, SendinBlue API) backbone for delivering email. Emails can be obtained from click traffic, created by the uploaded audience in the customer portal, and internally loaded to send permission passes to potential consumers. Site visitors have their emails populated into the user s list for retargeting purposes, which can then be permission passed into the customer lists for future promotions. Web forms used to collect subscribers emails and permission passes can be sent after the consumer clicks the subscribe button, understanding that there is no need to provide further information or fill out any forms. This should breed much higher conversion rates than forcing target customers to fill out conventional subscription forms. In addition, the email platform can quickly create unique Totaligent Links to tag each contact in the users email lists, which monitoring opens, and then collects data to create additional communication points for the audience. This allows the clients sites to monetize impressions from AdSense or other traffic advertising sources. Totaligent SMS is a robust text platform that connects through API to multiple vendors which can send SMS campaigns for pre-approved users. Users can seamlessly log in and set up their campaign, also tagging each target with a unique Totaligent Link ID. The system can send pre-recorded outgoing messages , SMS, SES, and any other function used over the telephone system, which is especially useful for political and non-profit organizations that need to raise donations in a cost-effective way. The audiences mobile numbers are stored in the DMP and can be used once loaded into the customer portal. They cannot be exported unless the person is a verified subscriber but can be used for internal cross channel marketing programs. When properly used, this system will track SMS users, to ensure proper identification has been obtained, which protects the sender against frivolous or dubious lawsuits from bad actors. Totaligent Append and Data Sales Because the DMP is so large and constantly updated, Totaligent is able to provide data on a low cost per record basis to a wide array of users by offering specific list types based on Totaligent s internal data points. Users can search the criteria needed and the DMP will provide the data size and price. 26 Table of Contents Totaligent Email Clean Our campaigns are constantly using our data, which helps ensure that the data is of the highest quality. In other words, the constant feedback from campaigns allows us to actively identify bad data to be removed from our system. Totaligent s cleaning system for marketers is more than just uploading their data for positive or negative system matches. Because our data is scored, the advertiser will have insight as to whether their data is good. We maintain one of the largest blacklists on the market, with scam, or bad data that is constantly passed around, so old, and dead data can be removed. Our cleaning service can be added to any websites forms, to keep anyone from entering or using an email on the bad or blacklist to the user s site for an additional fee. Our service also connects through API to multiple other cleaning services and can be cleaned and compared with any of them for an additional cost to ensure the best deliverability. Political operatives have been known to add dirty or unfriendly email addresses to subscriber lists, causing complaints and shutdowns of valuable marketing accounts. Our service can help identify these fake addresses to protect against this dubious activity. Stock Sales During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received 25,000 by selling shares common stock. Convertible Notes Issued During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received 225,000 from issuance of convertible debt. Litigation Not applicable. 27 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2023 Results of Operations Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Revenue 731,679 19,500 Cost of revenue 81,270 46,885 Gross profit (loss) 650,409 (27,385 Operating expenses: Personnel expenses 378,000 378,000 General and administrative 605,407 113,923 Depreciation expense 20,960 32,294 Total operating expenses 1,004,367 524,217 Net operating loss (353,958 (551,602 Other income (expense) Interest expense (35,122 (30,608 Amortization of debt discount (19,908 (57,050 Loss on settlement of debt (11,765 - Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 38,759 47,183 Loss on sale of fixed assets (20,176 - Total other income (expense) (48,212 (40,475 Loss before income taxes (402,170 (592,077 Provision for income tax - - Net loss (402,170 (592,077 Loss per share - basic and diluted (0.00 (0.00 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 141,192,451 149,178,410 28 Table of Contents For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company generated total revenues of 731,679 and 19,500, respectively, and gross profits of 650,409 and 27,385), respectively. This significant increase in revenues and profitability in 2023 was primarily driven by the Company's involvement in managed marketing campaigns, which substantially contributed to its financial performance. The cost of goods sold for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 were 81,270 and 46,885, respectively. These costs primarily represent expenses related to outsourcing certain activities tied to the managed marketing campaigns. The increase in cost of goods sold in 2023 was directly correlated with the surge in revenue from these campaigns. Operating expenses increased from 524,217 in 2022 to 1,004,367 in 2023, largely due to higher professional fees associated with compliance reporting requirements, which were necessitated by the Company's expanded operations from managed campaigns. Other income (expenses) also saw a shift, increasing from 40,475) in 2022 to 48,212) in 2023. This change was primarily due to a loss on the sale of fixed assets of 20,176) and a loss on debt settlement of 11,765), partially offset by a reduction of 37,142 in debt discount amortization in 2023 compared to the prior year. As a result of increased cost of sales and increased operating expenses, we had a net loss of 402,170) for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to a net loss of 592,077) for the year ended December 31, 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources Going Concern We have had negative working capital and have sustained operating losses since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plan raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We anticipate that operating losses will continue in the near term. We intend to meet near-term obligations with private placement offerings. We currently have limited revenue, which is not sufficient to cover operational expenses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of the common stock is unknown. Additionally, even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues, there can be no assurances that the revenue will be sufficient to enable it to develop to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern; however, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classifications of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Capital Resources To date, our operations have been funded primarily through private investors. Some of these investors have verbally committed additional funding for the Company, as needed. The Company has also had discussions with broker-dealers and lenders regarding funding required to execute the Company s business plan. Material Cash Requirements Our material short-term cash requirements include recurring payroll and benefits obligations for our employees, capital, operating expenditures, software development payments and other working capital needs. We believe that material cash requirements for operating expenditures may range from 100,000 per month to 200,000 per month during the twelve months. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition. 29 Table of Contents Funding Strategy To date, our operations have been funded primarily through private investors. Some of these investors have verbally committed additional funding for the Company, as needed. We have had a number of discussions with broker-dealers regarding the funding required to execute the Company s business plan, which is to acquire and develop breakthrough technologies or business interests in those companies that have developed these technologies. We plan on issuing an offering document to obtain funding for certain acquisitions that are in the discussion stages. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in obtaining the required financing or the terms the terms of any such financing. Off Balance Sheet Items We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as special purpose entities (SPEs). Critical Accounting Policies Our Cash Flow The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Net cash used in operating activities (29,476 (175,455 Net cash used in investing activities (18,630 (24,062 Net cash provided by financing activities 201,840 20,694 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 153,734 (178,823 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 14,001 192,824 Cash and cash equivalent at end of period 167,735 14,001 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 29,476. Net loss adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation, stock issued for services, amortization of debt discount, loss on settlement of debt, loss on disposal of asset and loss (gain) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities) used cash of 234,050. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided cash of 138,644. This compares to net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 175,455. Net loss adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation, amortization of debt discount and loss (gain) on change in fair value of derivative liabilities) used cash of 42,161. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided cash of 374,461. Net cash used by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 18,360 as a result of expenditures for capitalized software in the amount of 39,308 and proceeds from the sale of an asset in the amount of 20,678. Net cash used by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24,062 as a result of expenditures for property and equipment. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 201,840 as a result of 25,000 in cash proceeds from sale of common stock, 185,000 in proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable, 40,000 in proceeds from the issuance of notes payable, and 48,160 in repayments of notes payable. This compares to 20,694 in net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 resulting from proceeds from the issuance of notes payable. 30 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data TOTALIGENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2023 and 2022 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 31 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Totaligent, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Totaligent, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2, the Company has negative working capital and has sustained operating losses since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 3702 West Spruce Street #1430 Tampa, Florida 33607 +1.813.441.9707 F-1 Table of Contents Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Derivatives As described in Note 7 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, when the Company issues debt that contains a conversion feature, it first evaluates whether the conversion feature meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative. If the conversion feature within convertible debt meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative, the Company estimates and records the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo Simulation Model upon the date of issuance. The derivative liability is revalued at the end of each reporting period. We identified the Company s application of the accounting for convertible notes as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: - We obtained debt related agreements and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed agreements for all relevant terms. - Tested management s identification and treatment of agreement terms. - Recalculated management s fair value of each conversion feature based on the terms in the agreements. - Assessed the terms and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the amortization of the debt discount. - Reviewed the work of the Company s specialist to calculate the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo method to determine whether the derivative liability recorded by the Company was reasonable. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. July 29, 2024, except for the Critical Audit Matters noted above, as to which the date is October 22, 2024 F-2 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities Accrued compensation Accrued expenses Accrued interest Notes payable Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized discount of and Derivative liability Total current liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Stockholder s Deficit Series D Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively Common stock, par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively Shares to be issued Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Treasury stock, and outstanding Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit (loss) Operating expenses: Personnel expenses General and administrative Depreciation expense Total operating expenses Net operating loss Other income (expense) Interest expense Amortization of debt discount Loss on settlement of debt Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability Loss on sale of fixed assets Total other income (expense) Loss before income taxes Provision for income tax Net loss Loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares to be issued Additional Paid-in Accumulated Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Shares Amount (Deficit) Balance - December 31, 2021 Net loss - - - - Balance - December 31, 2022 Sale of common stock - - - Series D Preferred Stock issued for services - - - Conversion of debt and accrued interest - - - Conversion of Series D Preferred Stock into Common Stock - - Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock - - Common stock issued related to December 3, 2021 merger - - Net loss - - - - Balance - December 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Stock issued for services Amortization of debt discount Loss on settlement of debt Loss on disposal of asset Gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accrued interest Accrued expenses Accrued compensation Net change in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sale of asset Expenditures for property and equipment Expenditures for capitalized software Net change in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Cash proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable Proceeds from issuance of notes payable Repayments of notes payable Net change in financing activities Net change in Cash Cash - Beginning of the Period Cash - End of the Period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flows Cash paid for Interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Conversion of notes payable Issuance of convertible notes payable for purchase of fixed assets The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 of the issued and outstanding shares of Digi in exchange for the issuance of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Immediately following the Merger, Totaligent s subsidiary, CSES Group, Inc., which owns all rights, title and interest in Totaligent s refrigerant technology, was spun out in exchange for the cancellation of an aggregate of shares of Totaligent Common Stock (the Cancelled Shares held by former Totaligent management and shareholders. Upon completion of these actions, Edward C. DeFeudis was appointed to the role of CEO and Ben Hansel remained on the board of directors. Digi was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on August 16, 2019, for the purpose of developing and operating multiple digital marketing platforms. The Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the need for additional capital, as described herein. The Company has not yet developed sustainable revenue-generating operations, does not have positive cash flows from operations, and is dependent on periodic infusions of debt and equity capital to fund its operating requirements. The Company s common stock was traded under the symbol LTMP on the OTCQB through May 20, 2018, on the OTC Pink marketplace thereafter, and trades under the symbol TGNT as of August 1, 2022. F-7 Table of Contents , had in negative working capital, accumulated deficit of and stockholders deficit of . As a result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the accompanying consolidated financial statements are being issued. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, to fund possible future acquisitions, and to generate profitable operations in the future. At December 31, 2023, the Company had cash of . Management is currently seeking to raise additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt or equity securities, and estimates that a significant amount of capital will be necessary over a sustained period of time to advance the development of the Company s business to the point at which it can become commercially viable and self-sustaining. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in this regard. As market conditions present uncertainty as to the Company s ability to secure additional funds, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure additional financing on acceptable terms, or at all, as and when necessary to continue to conduct operations. A debt financing may contain undue restrictions on the Company s operations and/or liens on the Company s tangible and intangible assets, and an equity financing may cause substantial dilution to the Company s common stockholders. If cash resources are insufficient to satisfy the Company s ongoing cash requirements, the Company would be required to scale back or discontinue its operations, obtain funds, if available, although there can be no certainty, through strategic alliances that may require the Company to relinquish rights to its technology, or to discontinue its operations entirely. The development and expansion of the Company s business in 2024 and thereafter will be dependent on the capital resources available to the Company. No assurances can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company or adequate to fund the development and expansion of the Company s business to a level that is commercially viable and self-sustaining. Principles of Consolidation Use of estimates Cash and cash equivalents and respectively. Fair value measurements F-8 Table of Contents Treasury stock Related party transactions Convertible Debentures Derivative Liability F-9 Table of Contents years Computer equipment years Furniture and fixtures years Finite-lived Intangible Assets Long-Lived Assets Income taxes Uncertain tax positions F-10 Table of Contents F-11 Table of Contents Stock-based compensation Net loss per share calculation Total Recently accounting pronouncements Computer server Mining equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment - net For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded and in depreciation expense, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company sold mining equipment for . As a result of the sale, the Company recorded a gain on sale of fixed assets in the amount of . F-12 Table of Contents Less: Accumulated amortization Intangible assets - net The Company has incurred costs for software development. The software reached technological feasibility on May 23, 2023. As such the Company capitalized in software development costs for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company will begin amortizing the asset once it reaches the stage of intended-use. and , respectively. The Company s former CEO, Ben Hansel, paid in expenses on behalf of the Company from 2015 through 2022. On September 29, 2023, . As a result of the conversion, the Company recorded a loss on settlement of debt in the amount of . 2 6/17/2021 3 6/18/2021 4 7/2/2021 5 8/4/2021 6 8/16/2021 7 9/10/2021 8 10/18/2021 9 6/30/2023 10 9/28/2023 11 9/29/2023 12 10/1/2023 13 10/13/2023 Total Total Current Total Long Term Less unamortized discount Carrying value . The conversion price is fixed at per share. In default as of December 31, 2023. F-13 Table of Contents Total December 31, 2022 The financings giving rise to derivative financial instruments Indexed Shares Fair Values Embedded derivatives Total F-14 Table of Contents Loss on issuance of derivative Total gain (loss) Current accounting principles that are provided in ASC 815 require derivative financial instruments to be classified in liabilities and carried at fair value with changes recorded in income. The Company has selected the Monte Carlo Simulation Model, which approximates the Monte Carlo Simulations, valuation technique to fair value the embedded derivative because it believes that this technique is reflective of all significant assumption types, and ranges of assumption inputs, that market participants would likely consider in transactions involving embedded derivatives. Such assumptions include, among other inputs, interest risk assumptions, credit risk assumptions and redemption behaviors in addition to traditional inputs for option models such as market trading volatility and risk-free rates. The Binomial Lattice Model technique is a level three valuation technique because it requires the development of significant internal assumptions in addition to observable market indicators. For instruments in which the time to expiration has expired, the Company has utilized the intrinsic value as the fair value. The intrinsic value is the difference between the quoted market price on the valuation date and the applicable conversion price. Significant inputs and results arising from the Monte Carlo Simulation process are as follows for the embedded derivatives that have been bifurcated from the convertible notes and classified in liabilities: Effective contractual conversion rates Contractual term to maturity Years Years Years Market volatility: Volatility - - - Risk-adjusted interest rate The following table reflects the issuances of embedded derivatives and changes in fair value inputs and assumptions related to the embedded derivatives as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. Issuances: Embedded derivatives Conversions/extinguishments Changes in fair value inputs and assumptions reflected in income Balances at end of period F-15 Table of Contents shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had issued shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and shares of preferred stock, respectively. The Company s Board of Directors has the authority to provide, out of the unissued shares of preferred stock, for one or more series of preferred stock and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation of such series, the voting powers, if any, of the shares of such series, and the preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of preferred stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. Common Stock As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, the Company had authorized shares of its common stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and shares of common stock issued, respectively, and and of common stock outstanding, respectively. Shares to be issued As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and in shares to be issued, respectively. The shares to be issued as of December 31, 2023 consist of in common stock related to past subscription agreements and related to Series D Preferred stock for services. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the 2021 merger. Treasury Stock In 2021, CSES Group, Inc., which owns all rights, title and interest in Totaligent s refrigerant technology, was spun out in exchange for the cancellation of an aggregate of shares of Totaligent Common Stock (the Cancelled Shares held by former Totaligent management and shareholders. These shares were returned to the treasury. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued shares from the treasury in connection with the conversion of shares of Series D Preferred stock. The shares were valued at , resulting in an offset to paid in capital in the amount of . F-16 Table of Contents State income taxes Change in valuation allowance Effective income tax rate A reconciliation of the income taxes computed at the statutory rate is as follows: Increase in valuation allowance Net deferred income tax asset As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had a federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately and , respectively. The federal net operating loss carryforward do not expire but may only be used against taxable income to 80 . No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements. The annual offset of this carryforward loss against any future taxable profits may be limited under the provisions of Internal Revenue Code Section 381 upon any future change(s) in control of the Company. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, which vest over two years, based upon performance milestones. F-17 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. Effective May 20, 2024, the Company engaged Astra Audit Advisory, LLC, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The engagement was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Registrant files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures must ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrant's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial and other required disclosures. At December 31, 2023, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Exchange Act) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of Edward C. DeFeudis our Chief Executive Officer and Ben Hansel our Director. Based on our evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, we concluded that, at December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the following material weaknesses. Due to the Company s small size, and limited number of personnel, the Company did not have in place an effective internal control environment with formal processes and procedures, including journal entry processing and review, to allow for a detailed review of accounting transactions that would identify errors in a timely manner. Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization and (iv) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions may occur or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management has conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of Edward C. DeFeudis, our Chief Executive Officer, and Ben Hansel, our Director, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. This evaluation was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based upon such assessment, Edward C. DeFeudis concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective based upon the Company s small size, and limited number of personnel. As a result, the Company did not have in place an effective internal control environment with formal processes and procedures, including journal entry processing and review, to allow for a detailed review of accounting transactions that would identify errors in a timely manner. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission do not require an attestation of the Management's report by our registered public accounting firm in this annual report. 32 Table of Contents Changes in Internal Controls There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable 33 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers of Totaligent, Inc. The following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers: Name Age Position Edward C. DeFeudis 51 Chairman of the Board and CEO Ben Hansel 59 Director Brendan Battles 53 Director of Data Management Brian Heckathorne 46 Director of Information Technology Edward C. DeFeudis Chairman and CEO Mr. DeFeudis has been in finance 27 years, having worked for Oppenheimer Co., Inc., Merrill Lynch, and later launched private equity firm, Lion Equity Holding Corp. While in private equity, he worked in C-Level positions in several companies in which he invested, founded, and built. He currently serves as a Director of Xeriant, Inc. In addition to Lion Equity Holding Corp., Mr. DeFeudis was the founder and CEO of leading fintech platforms in peer-to-peer lending, and mobile money transfer. In 2011, Mr. DeFeudis won the Harvard Business School New Ventures award for the Southwestern United States for his foundational work in proprietary cloud-based mobile banking and money transfer. Mr. DeFeudis led multiple direct public offerings and reverse recapitalizations in various industries including biotechnology, aerospace, beauty, apparel, and entertainment. These transactions have resulted in more than a billion dollars of capital formation. Ben Hansel Director Mr. Hansel has over 30 years experience in finance and the public markets, ranging from mergers and acquisitions, capital strategies, restructuring and investor relations for early-stage companies. He is multilingual and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science with a minor in Economics from The University of Texas at El Paso. Brendan Battles Director of Data Management Mr. Battles multiple database skill sets include large scale MySQL deployment and management (Data Collection, Formatting, Search, Appending, Compiling and Replication), PHP/Laravel Framework, Linux O/S, data verification network management. His two decades in digital marketing specialized in the collection, organization and implementation of first, second, and third-party data from various online and offline sources, allowing for the creation of detailed anonymized customer profiles to drive targeted advertising, personalization initiatives, and content customization; the keys to exceptional conversion results. Brian Heckathorne Director of Information Technology Mr. Heckathorne specializes in building and supporting enterprise level servers and networks, large data administration with MySQL clusters, crypto mining operations, and in Mikrotik high speed fiber networking. Mr. Heckathorne started an early-stage web hosting company in 1996, which he later sold to a Houston, TX Based ISP. Later, Mr. Heckathorne built out the infrastructure for a large-scale digital marketing organization where he helped build and implement custom email marketing software, and the data management system to handle incoming and outgoing emails for large scale email marketing campaigns. Mr. Heckathorne has spent more than two decades managing and implementing multimillion dollar marketing campaigns for the financial services industry. 34 Table of Contents Director Independence We are not currently a listed company under SEC rules and are therefore not required to have a Board comprised of a majority of independent directors or separate committees comprised of independent directors. Director Independence Standing Committees The Company s common stock is traded on OTCPink under the symbol TGNT. The OTC Markets trading platform does not maintain any standards regarding the independence of the directors for our Board of Directors, and we are not otherwise subject to the requirements of any national securities exchange or an inter- dealer quotation system with respect to the need to have a majority of our directors be independent. The Company s Board presently has no functioning standing committees. Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Although we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be separate or com determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to combine these roles due to the small size and early stage of the Company. Family Relationships Not applicable. Board Committees Audit Committee We do not have a separately designated audit committee of the board. Audit committee functions are performed by our board of directors. None of our directors are deemed independent. Two directors also hold positions as our officers. Our Board of Directors is responsible for: (1) selection and oversight of our independent accountant (2) establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters (3) establishing procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding accounting and auditing matters (4) engaging outside advisors and, (5) funding for the outside auditory and any outside advisors engagement by the audit committee. Nominees There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Registrant's board. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Not applicable because the Company is not a reporting issuer under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Code of Ethics We have not adopted a corporate code of ethics as of the date of this filing. 35 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, all officers and directors were compensated as independent contractors based upon respective consulting agreements as noted in Table below. The following table shows information regarding the compensation earned for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 by our named executive officers: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLE Executive Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Edward C. DeFeudis (1) 2023 180,000 - - - - - - 180,000 2022 180,000 - - - - - - 180,000 (1) The majority of this salary has been accruing and can be can be exchanged for the issuance of common shares at a price of the lessor of a 30 discount to the 10-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company or 0.02 per share. 36 Table of Contents Director Compensation The following table shows information regarding the compensation earned during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 by the members of our board of directors. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE Executive Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Edward C. DeFeudis 2023 0 - - - - - - 0 Director 2022 0 - - - - - - 0 Ben Hansel 2023 0 - - - - - - 0 Director 2022 0 - - - - - - 0 Executive Compensation Policies as They Relate to Risk Management Management have considered whether our compensation policies might encourage inappropriate risk taking by the Company's executive officers and other employees and has determined that the current compensation structure aligns the interests of the executive officers with those of the Company without providing rewards for excessive risk taking by awarding a mix of fixed and performance based or discretionary bonuses with the performance- based compensation focused on profits as opposed to revenue growth. Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-end Option Value Table None of the named executive officers exercised any stock options during the year ended December 31, 2023, or held any outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2023. Incentive Plan The Registrant does not have any equity compensation plans. Consulting Agreements None, although the officers are currently paid as related party consultants of the Company. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The table below sets forth as of December 31, 2023, information with respect to beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by: Each person known to the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, either before or immediately after the merger. Each of the directors and executive officers of the Company. All of our directors and executive officers as a group. 37 Table of Contents Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Shares of common stock subject to any warrants or options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2023, are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding the warrants or options but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The numbers reflected in the percentage ownership columns are based on a fully diluted basis of the Company s common stock outstanding after a conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into Common Shares. The persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. Number of Shares of Common Stock Number of Series A Preferred Stock Total Fully Diluted Shares Percentage Represented on a Fully Diluted Basis Name of Beneficial Owner Edward C. DeFeudis - 150,000 150,000,000 19.31 Spider Investments, LLC (1) 2,276,086 - 2,276,086 0.29 Ben Hansel 980,000 - 980,000 0.12 Brian Heckathorne - 150,000 150,000,000 19.31 BBB Group, Inc. (2) - 150,000 150,000,000 19.31 30103 South Lake Falls Lane Trust (3) - 67,500 67,500,000 8.69 All directors and executive officers as a group (four persons 3,256,086 450,000 453,256,086 67.03 Total shares 3,256,086 517,500 520,756,086 (1) Edward C. DeFeudis has control and dispositive power over Spider Investments, LLC and is the beneficial owner of Spider Investments, LLC. (2) Brendan Battles is the Director of Data Management, has control and dispositive power over BBB Group, Inc. and is the beneficial owner of BBB Group, Inc. (3) Noreen Bingham is the beneficial owner of 30103 South Lake Falls Lane Trust. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Director Independence We are not currently a listed company under SEC rules and are therefore not required to have a Board comprised of a majority of independent directors or separate committees comprised of independent directors. We currently have one independent director as the term independent is defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 38 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following is a summary of the fees billed to us by , for professional services rendered for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Audit Fees 19,250 19,250 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - 19,250 19,250 Audit Fees . Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and review of interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit Related Fees . Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . Tax Fees . Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income tax returns. All Other Fees . Consists of fees for product and services other than the services reported above. Board of Directors' Pre-Approval Policies Our Board of Directors' policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date. The Board of Directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed with Astra Audit Advisory, LLC Astra our audited consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Board of Directors also has discussed with Astra the matters required to be discussed pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section 380), which includes, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of our consolidated financial statements. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Board of Directors determined that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, for filing with the SEC. 39 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Exhibit Number Document 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 15, 2013). 3.2 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred shares effective January 11, 2021. 3.3 Certificate of Amendment: Name change, effective August 1, 2022. 3.4 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred shares effective April 19, 2021. 3.5 Bylaws 10.1 Exchange Agreement by and among Alltemp, Inc. and Certain Shareholders of Alltemp Inc. Dated December 3, 2021. 10.1.2 Exchange Agreement by and among Alltemp, Inc., Digi Messaging Advertising Inc., and the Shareholders of Digi Messaging Advertising Inc. dated December 3, 2021. 10.2 Employment Agreement for Edward C. DeFeudis dated January 1, 2022. 14.1 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-12G/A filed on May 1, 2014). 31.1 Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Item 16. Form 10K Summary Not applicable 40 Table of Contents SIGNATURES The Company caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. TOTALIGENT, INC. Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive) and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer This report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company in the capacities indicated on October 29, 2024. By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis By: /s/ Ben Hansel Edward C. DeFeudis Ben Hansel President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Chief Financial Officer, Director 41 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 totaligent_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
 
 totaligent_ex32.htm EXHIBIT 3.2 ALLTEMP, INC. CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION Series A Preferred Stock par value 0.001 per share The undersigned, in accordance with the General Corporation law of the State of Delaware DGCL ), does hereby certify that, pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Articles and Bylaws of Alltemp, Inc., Inc. (the Corporation ), on January 11, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Corporation duly adopted this Certificate of Designation Designation establishing the following powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation Series A Preferred Stock ). DESIGNATION OF 5,000,000 SHARES OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK The Series A Preferred Stock has the following rights, preferences, powers, privileges and restrictions, qualifications and limitations. All dollar amounts are in US . 1. DIVIDENDS. 1.1 The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any cash dividends with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. 2. CONVERSION INTO COMIYION STOCK Optional Conversion. Each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock may, at holder's option and at any time within two (2) years following the date of issuance, convert any or all such shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Corporation's Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted shall be determined by dividing the Original Issue Price (as defined below) of each share of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted by the Conversion Price (as defined below) in effect at the time of conversion. The Conversion Price at which shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment as provided below, The Original Issue Price is 0.01 per share. To exercise holder's conversion privilege, the holder of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall surrender to the Corporation during regular business hours at the principal executive officer of the Corporation or the offices of the transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock or at such other place as may be designated by the Corporation, the certificate or certificates for the shares to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer to the Corporation (if required by it), accompanied by written notice stating that the holder irrevocably elects to convert such shares. Conversion shall be deemed to have occurred on the date when such delivery is made, and such date is referred to herein as the Conversion Date. Within three (3) business days after the date on which such delivery is made, the Corporation shall issue and send (with receipt to be acknowledged) to the holder thereof or the holder's designee, at the address designated by such holder, a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock to which the holder is entitled as a result of such conversion, and cash with respect to any fractional interest of a share of Common Stock as provided in paragraph 2(c). The holder shall be deemed to have become a stockholder of record of the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been converted on the applicable Conversion Date unless the transfer books of the Corporation are closed on that date, in which event holder shall be deemed to have become a stockholder of record of such shares on the next succeeding date on which the transfer books are open, but the Conversion Price shall be that in effect on the Conversion Date. Upon conversion of only a portion of the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock represented by a certificate or certificates surrendered for conversion, the Corporation shall within three (3) business days after the date on which such delivery is made, issue and send (with receipt to be acknowledged) to the holder thereof or the holder's designee, at the address designated by such holder, a new certificate covering the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock representing the unconverted portion of the certificate or certificates so surrendered. b. Mandatory Conversion. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall automatically convert into shares of Common Stock, as described in paragraph 2a, at the then applicable Conversion Price, upon the earlier of the closing of (i) a public offering of Corporation equity or equity equivalent securities resulting in minimum gross proceeds to the Corporation of 10 million, (ii) the Common Stock shall close (or the last trade shall be) at or above 1.00 per share for 16 out of 30 consecutive trading days, and (iii) June 30, 2023 ((i), (ii) and (iii) are collectively referred to as Mandatory Conversion Event ). The Corporation will provide notice to holder within 20 days of the occurrence of a Mandatory Conversion Event (failure of the Corporation to timely give such notice does not void the mandatory conversion). Holder shall surrender to the Corporation, within 10 days of receiving such notice, the certificate(s) representing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted into Common Stock. In the event holder does not surrender such certificate(s) within 10 days of receiving such notice, the Corporation shall deem such certificate(s) cancelled and void. As soon as practicable, after the Certificate(s) are either surrendered by the holder or cancelled by the Corporation, as the case may be, the Corporation will issue and deliver to holder a new certificate for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such mandatory conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof and cash as provided in paragraph 2(c) in respect of any fraction of a share of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon such mandatory conversion, unless fractional shares are rounded up to the next whole share. Holder will be deemed a holder of Common Stock of record as of the date of the occurrence of a Mandatory Conversion Event. 2 c. No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip shall be issued upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. If more than one share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be surrendered for conversion at any one time by the same holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock so surrendered. Instead of any fractional shares of Common Stock which would otherwise be issuable upon conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation in its sole discretion shall make an adjustment in respect of such fractional interest (i) equal to the fair market value of such fractional interest, to the nearest 1/100th of a share of Common Stook, in cash at the Current Market Price (as defined below) on the business day preceding the effective date of the conversion, or (ii) by rounding the fractional share up to the next whole share. The Current Market Price of publicly traded shares of Common Stock or any other class of Common Stock or other security of the Corporation or any other issuer for any day shall be deemed to be the average of the daily Closing Prices for the 10 consecutive trading days preceding the Conversion Date. The Current Market Price of the Common Stock or any other class of capital stock or securities of the Corporation or any other issuer which is not publicly traded shall mean the fair value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation or a committee thereof or, if no such investment banking or appraisal firm is, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or such committee, available to make such determination, as determined in good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or such committee. The Closing Price shall mean the last reported sales price on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if not listed or admitted to trading on any national Securities exchange, on Nasdaq, or, if the Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange or quoted on Nasdaq Stock Market, the average of the closing bid and asked prices in the over-the-counter market as furnished by any New York Stock Exchange member firm selected from time to time by the Corporation for that purpose. d. The Corporation shall pay any and all issue and other taxes that may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock on conversion of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant hereto, other than any taxes payable with respect to income by the holders thereof. e. The Corporation shall at all times reserve for issuance and maintain available, out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, the full number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon the conversion of all Series A Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding. The Corporation shall from time to time (subject to obtaining necessary director and stockholder action), in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, increase the authorized number of shares of its Common Stock if at any time the authorized number of shares of its Common Stock remaining unissued shall not be sufficient to permit the conversion of all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding. f. If any shares of Common Stock to be reserved for the purpose of conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock require registration or listing with, or approval of, any governmental authority, stock exchange or other regulatory body under any federal or state law or regulation or otherwise, including registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), and appropriate state securities laws, before such shares may be validly issued or delivered upon conversion, the Corporation will in good faith and as expeditiously as possible meet such registration, listing or approval, as the case may be. g. All shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon conversion of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock will upon issuance by the Corporation be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof. 3 h. The Conversion Price in effect shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows: i. Stock Splits, Dividends and Combinations. In the event that the Corporation shall at any time subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or shall pay or make a dividend or distribution on any class of capital stock of the Corporation in Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision or the issuance of such dividend shall be proportionately decreased, and in case the Corporation shall at any time combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately increased, effective at the close of business on the date of such subdivision, dividend or combination, as the case may be. ii. Non-Cash Dividends, Stock Purchase Rights, Capital Reorganization and Dissolutions. In the event: A. that the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend, or any other distribution, payable otherwise than in cash; or B. that the Corporation shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock of any class or other securities, or to receive any other rights; or C. of any (1) capital reorganization of the Corporation, reclassification of the capital stock of the Corporation (other than a subdivision or combination of its outstanding shares of Common Stock), consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another corporation, unless the shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own 50 of the entity resulting from the transaction, or (2) sale, lease or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or shares of the Corporation to another corporation in one or a series of transactions (collectively (C)(1) and (C)(2) are referred to as a Reorganization Or D. of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation; then, and in any such case, provision shall be made so that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled, upon conversion, to receive the number and kind of securities of other property of the Corporation, or successor corporation, to which holder would have been entitled to receive had holder converted immediately prior to such event. Furthermore, the Corporation shall cause to be mailed to the holders of record of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, at least 10 days prior to the date hereinafier specified, a notice stating the date on which (x) a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or rights, or (y) such reclassification, reorganization, consolidation, merger, share exchange, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is to take place and the date, if any is to be fixed, as of which holders of Corporation securities of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Corporation securities for securities or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, reorganization, consolidation, merger, share exchange, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding up. 4 i. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, share exchange, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of paragraph 2(h) and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation (a) will not increase the par value of any shares of stock receivable on the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock above the amount payable therefor on such conversion, (b) will take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of stock on the conversion of all Series A Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding, and (c) will not consolidate with or merge into any other person or permit any such person to consolidate with or merge into the Corporation (if the Corporation is not the surviving person), unless such other person shall expressly assume in writing and will be bound by all of the terms of the Series A Preferred stock set forth herein. j. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to paragraph 2(h), the Corporation at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof, and prepare and furnish to each holder of Series A Preferred Stock a certificate signed by the president and chief financial officer (or, in the absence of a person designated as the chief financial officer, by the officer serving in an equivalent or similar financial capacity) of the Corporation setting forth (i) such adjustment or readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect, and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such holder's shares. k. In case any shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be converted pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the shares so converted shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, without designation as to class or series, and may thereafter be reissued, but not as shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 3. VOTING. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote, together with the shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, on all matters presented at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or may act by written consent in the same manner as the holders of the Corporation's Common Stock, upon the following basis: each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to cast a number of votes equal to 400 times the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder on the record date fixed for such meeting, or on the effective date of such written consent. The Series A Preferred Stock and any other stock having voting rights shall vote together as one class, except as otherwise provided by law and herein. 5 4. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have liquidation rights as follows: 4.1 A Liquidation shall mean a dissolution or winding up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation. If, in such event, any of the consideration payable to the Corporation or its stockholders is other than cash, the value thereof will be deemed to be its fair market value, as determined by the Corporation's board of directors. 4.2 In the event of any Liquidation, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to receive out of assets of the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of any other class of capital stock of the Corporation, an amount equal to the Original Issue Price plus accumulated and unpaid non-cash dividends thereon to the date fixed for distribution (the Base Liquidation Preference ). If upon any Liquidation, the amounts payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock and any other shares of stock of the Corporation ranking as to any such distribution on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock are not paid in full, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and of such other shares shall share ratably in any such distribution of assets of the Corporation in proportion to the full respective preferential amounts to which they are entitled. After the payment of the Base Liquidation Preference shall have been made in full to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or funds necessary for such payment shall have been set aside by the Corporation in trust for the account of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to be available for such payments, the remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to its shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of any junior capital stock that has a liquidation preference senior to holders of Common Stock, and after such holders have received in full their liquidation preference, the remaining amounts shall be distributed among the holders of the Common Stock. 5. LIVITATIONS. So long as 51 of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock originally issued remains outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote or the written consent of the holders of at least 51 of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class: 5.1 create, authorize or issue any equity security, or any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, unless such security is junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, in terms of dividend and liquidation preference; 5.2 Increase the total number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock; and 5.3 a transaction described in Section 2(h)(ii)(C). 6 6. REDEMPTION. The Series A Preferred Stock are not subject to any redemption rights of the Corporation. 7. WAIVER. Any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Series A Preferred Stock set forth herein may be waived, modified or amended on behalf of all holders of Series A Preferred Stock by the affirmative written consent of the holders of at least 51 of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. 8. NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Designation to be given to a holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to the address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic communication in compliance with the provisions of the DGCL, and shall be deemed sent upon such mailing or electronic transmission. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Designation of Series A Preferred Stock has been adopted by the Board of Directors of this Corporation on January 11, 2021 and executed by a duly authorized officer of this Corporation effective as of January 11, 2021. By: /Ben Hansel/ Ben Hansel, President 7 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-3.3>
 3
 totaligent_ex33.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
 
 totaligent_ex33.htm EXHIBIT 3.3 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-3.4>
 4
 totaligent_ex34.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
 
 totaligent_ex34.htm EXHIBIT 3.4 ALLTEMP, INC. CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION Series D Convertible Preferred Stock par value 0.001 per share The undersigned, in accordance with the General Corporation law of the State of Delaware DGCL ), does hereby certify that, pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Articles and Bylaws of Alltemp, Inc., Inc. (the Corporation ), on April 19, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Corporation duly adopted this Certificate of Designation Designation establishing the following powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of the Corporation Series D Convertible Preferred Stock ). DESIGNATION OF 1,000,000 SHARES OF SERIES D CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK The Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has the following rights, preferences, powers, privileges and restrictions, qualifications and limitations. All dollar amounts are in US . 1. VOTING. Holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock voting as a separate class shall have the right to elect a majority of the members of the Corporation s Board of Directors until June 30, 2022, and until June 30, 2023, shall vote together with the holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, with each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock entitled to 1,000 votes, and shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the Bylaws of the Corporation. The holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any voting rights after June 30, 2023. The holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall be permitted to vote their shares pursuant to written consent in the manner provided to holders of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Corporation. 2. DIVIDENDS . The Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall be treated pari passu with the Common Stock except that the dividend on each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall be equal to the amount of the dividend declared and paid on each share of Common Stock multiplied by the Conversion Rate. 3. LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE. The holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any liquidation preference. 4. CONVERSION RATE. The conversion rate shall be one thousand (1,000) shares of Common Stock for each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Conversion Rate ). 5. CONVERSION. The holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the right to convert into common shares, at any time, with written notice to the Corporation, so long as the Corporation has a sufficient authorized and unissued common shares to accommodate said conversion. In no event shall the Holder be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock of the Company (which may be increased up to 9.9 upon 61 days prior written notice by the Holder). 6. REDEMPTION. The shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation at any time after June 30, 2022 upon not less than 30 days written notice to the holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock subject to the Conversion rate. 7. LIMITATIONS. So long as 51 of the shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock originally issued remains outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote or the written consent of the holders of at least 51 of the then outstanding shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class: 7.1 create, authorize or issue any equity security, or any security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security, unless such security is junior to the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, in terms of dividend and liquidation preference; 7.2 Increase the total number of authorized shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock; and 7.3 a transaction described in Section 2(h)(ii)(C). 8. RECORD OWNER. The Corporation may deem the person in whose name shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall be registered upon the registry books of the Corporation to be, and may treat him as, the absolute owner of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for all purposes, and the Corporation shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 9. NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted by the provisions of this Designation to be given to a holder of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to the address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic communication in compliance with the provisions of the DGCL, and shall be deemed sent upon such mailing or electronic transmission. IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has been adopted by the Board of Directors of this Corporation on March 29, 2021 and executed by a duly authorized officer of this Corporation effective as of March 29, 2021. By: /Ben Hansel/ Ben Hansel, President 2 

</EX-3.4>

<EX-3.5>
 5
 totaligent_ex35.htm
 BYLAWS
 
 totaligent_ex35.htm EXHIBIT 3.5 BYLAWS OF THE WIKI GROUP, INC. (a Delaware corporation) __________________________________________ ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 1. CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING STOCK. Certificates representing stock in the corporation shall be signed by, or in the name of, the corporation by the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, or by the President or a Vice-President and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation. Any or all the signatures on any such certificate may be a facsimile. In case any office, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. Whenever the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class of stock, and whenever the corporation shall issue any shares of its stock as partly paid stock, the certificates representing shares of any such class or series or of any such partly paid stock shall set forth thereon the statements prescribed by the General Corporation Law. Any restrictions on the transfer or registration of transfer of any shares of stock of any class or series shall be noted conspicuously on the certificate representing such shares. The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may require the owner of the lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, or destruction of any such certificate or the Issuance of any such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 2. UNCERTIFICATED SHARES . Subject to any conditions imposed by the General Corporation Law, the Board of Directors of the corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncerttficated shares, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof any written notice prescribed by the General Corporation Law. 3. FRACTIONAL SHARE INTERESTS. The corporation may but shall not be required to issue fractions of a share. If the corporation does not issue fractions of a share, it shall (1) arrange for the disposition of fractional interests by those entitled thereto, (2) pay in cash the fair value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined, or (3) issue scrip or warrants in registered form (either represented by a certificate or uncertificated) or bearer form (represented by a certificate) which shall entitle the holder to receive a full share upon the surrender of such scrip or warrants aggregating a full share. A certificate for a fractional share or an uncertificated fractional share shall, but scrip or warrants shall not unless otherwise provided therein, entitle the holder to exercise voting rights, to receive dividends thereon, and to participate in any of the assets of the corporation in the event of liquidation. The Board of Directors may cause scrip or warrants to be issued subject to the conditions that they shall become void if not exchanged for certificates representing the full shares or uncertificated full shares before a specified date, or subject to the conditions that the shares for which scrip or warrants are exchangeable may be sold by the corporation and the proceeds thereof distributed to the holders of scrip or warrants, or subject to any other conditions which the Board of Directors may impose. 4. STOCK TRANSFERS. Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registration of transfers of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only on the stock ledger of the corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the corporation or with a transfer agent or a registrar, if any, and, in the case of shares represented by certificates, on surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares of stock properly endorsed and the payment of all taxes due thereon. 5. RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDERS. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by the General Corporation Law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the corporation's registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by the General Corporation Law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion, or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 6. MEANING OF CERTAIN TERMS. As used herein in respect of the right to notice of a meeting of stockholders or a waiver thereof or to participate or vote thereat or to consent or dissent in writing in lieu of a meeting, as the case may be, the term "share" or "shares" or "share of stock" or "shares of stock" or "stockholder" or "stockholders" refers to an outstanding share or shares of stock and to a holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock when the corporation is authorized to issue only one class of shares of stock, and said reference is also intended to include any outstanding share or shares of stock and any holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock of any class upon which or upon whom the certificate of incorporation confers such rights where there are two or more classes or series of shares of stock or upon which or upon whom the General Corporation Law confers such rights notwithstanding that the certificate of incorporation may provide for more than one class or series of shares of stock, one or more of which are limited or denied such rights thereunder; provided, however, that no such right shall vest in the event of an increase or a decrease in the authorized number of shares of stock of any class or series which is otherwise denied voting rights under the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, except as any provision of law may otherwise require. 2 7. STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS. - TIME. The annual meeting shall be held on the date and at the time fixed, from time to time, by the directors, provided, that the first annual meeting shall be held on a date within thirteen months after the organization of the corporation, and each successive annual meeting shall be held on a date within thirteen months after the date of the preceding annual meeting. A special meeting shall be held on the date and at the time fixed by the directors. - PLACE. Annual meetings and special meetings shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the directors may, from time to time, fix. Whenever the directors shall fail to fix such place, the meeting shall be held at the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware. - CALL. Annual meetings and special meetings may be called by the directors or by any officer instructed by the directors to call the meeting. - NOTICE OR WAIVER OF NOTICE. Written notice of all meetings shall be given stating the place, date, and hour of the meeting and stating the place within the city or other municipality or community at which the list of stockholders of the corporation may be examined. The notice of an annual meeting shall state that the meeting is called for the election of directors and for the transaction of other business which may properly come before the meeting and shall (if any other action which could be taken at a special meeting is to be taken at such annual meeting) state the purpose or purposes. The notice of a special meeting shall in all instances state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. The notice of any meeting shall also include, or be accompanied by, any additional statements, information, or documents prescribed by the General Corporation Law. Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law, a copy of the notice of any meeting shall be given, personally or by mail, not less than ten days nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting, unless the lapse of the prescribed period of time shall have been waived, and directed to each stockholder at his record address or at such other address which he may have furnished by request in writing to the Secretary of the corporation. Notice by mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited, with postage thereon prepaid, in the United States Mail. If a meeting is adjourned to another time, not more than thirty days hence, and/or to another place, and if an announcement of the adjourned time and/or place is made at the meeting, it shall not be necessary to give notice of the adjourned meeting unless the directors, after adjournment, fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. Notice need not be given to any stockholder who submits a written waiver of notice signed by him before or after the time stated therein. Attendance of a stockholder at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice. - STOCKHOLDER LIST. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order, and shoving the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city or other municipality or community where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The steak ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by this section of the books of the corporation, or to vote at any meeting of stockholders. 3 - CONDUCT OF MEETING. Meetings of the stockholders shall be presided over by one of the following officers in the order of seniority and if present and acting - the Chairman of the Board, if any. the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, the President, a Vice-President, or, if none of the foregoing is in office and present and acting, by a chairman to be chosen by the stockholders. The Secretary of the corporation, or in his absence, an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of every meeting, but if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present the Chairman of the meeting shall appoint a secretary of the meeting. - PROXY REPRESENTATION. Every stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy in all matters in which a stockholder is entitled to participate, whether by waiving notice of any meeting, voting or participating at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a meeting. Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder or by his attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the corporation generally. - INSPECTORS. The directors, in advance of any meeting, may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. If an inspector or inspectors are not appointed, the person presiding at the meeting may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the directors in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the person presiding thereat. Each inspector, if any, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspectors at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots, or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots, or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspector or inspectors, if any, shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question, or matter determined by him or them and execute a certificate of any fact found by him or them. - QUORUM. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders for the transaction of any business. The stockholders present may adjourn the meeting despite the absence of a quorum. - VOTING. Each share of stock shall entitle the holders thereof to one vote. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Any other action shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast except where the General Corporation Law prescribes A different percentage of votes and/or a different exercise of voting power, and except as may be otherwise prescribed by the provisions of the certificate of incorporation and these Bylaws. In the election of directors, and for any other action, voting need not be by ballot. 4 8. STOCKHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT MEETINGS. Any action required by the General Corporation Law to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. Action taken pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to the provisions of Section 228 of the General Corporation Law. ARTICLE II DIRECTORS 1. FUNCTIONS AND DEFINITION. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors of the corporation. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of the members thereof. The use of the phrase "whole board" herein refers to the total number of directors which the corporation would have if there were no vacancies. 2. QUALIFICATIONS AND NUMBER. A director need not be a stockholder, a citizen of the United States, or a resident of the State of Delaware. The initial Board of Directors shall consist of one person. Thereafter the number of directors constituting the whole board shall be at least one. Subject to the foregoing limitation and except for the first Board of Directors, such number may be fixed from time to time by the action of the stockholders or of the directors, or, if the number is not fixed, the number shall be one. The number of directors may be increased or decreased by action of the stockholders or of the directors. 3. ELECTION AND TERM. The first Board of Directors, unless the members thereof shall have been named in the certificate of incorporation, shall be elected by the incorporator or incorporators and shall hold office until the first annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the corporation. Thereafter, directors who are elected at an annual meeting of stockholders, and directors who are elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships, shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Except as the General Corporation Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual meetings of stockholders or of special meetings of stockholders called for the election of directors and/or for the removal of one or more directors and for the filling of any vacancy in that connection, newly created directorships and any vacancies in the Board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of directors for cause or without cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. 4. MEETINGS. - TIME. Meetings shall be held at such time as the Board shall fix, except that the first meeting of a newly elected Board shall be held as soon after its election as the directors may conveniently assemble. - PLACE. Meetings shall be held at such place within or without the State of Delaware as shall be fixed by the Board. 5 - CALL. No call shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Special meetings may be called by or at the direction of the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, of the President, or of a majority of the directors in office. - NOTICE OR ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE WAIVER. No notice shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Written, oral, or any other mode of notice of the time and place shall be given for special meetings in sufficient time for the convenient assembly of the directors thereat. Notice need not be given to any director or to any member of a committee of directors who submits a written waiver of notice signed by him before or after the time stated therein. Attendance of any such person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when he attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice. - QUORUM AND ACTION. A majority of the whole Board shall constitute a quorum except when a vacancy or vacancies prevents such majority, whereupon a majority of the directors in office shall constitute a quorum, provided, that such majority shall constitute at least one-third of the whole Board. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum in present, may adjourn a meeting to another time and place. Except as herein otherwise provided, and except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law, the vote of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. The quorum and voting provisions herein stated shall not be construed as conflicting with any provisions of the General Corporation Law and these Bylaws which govern a meeting of directors held to fill vacancies and newly created directorships in the Board or action of disinterested directors. Any member or members of the Board of Directors or of any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or any such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. - CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING. The Chairman of the Board, if any and if present and acting, shall preside at all meetings. Otherwise, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any and if present and acting, or the President, if present and acting, or any other director chosen by the Board, shall preside. 5. REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS. Except as may otherwise be provided by the General Corporation Law, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 6. COMMITTEES. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise the powers and authority of the Board of Directors the management of the business and affairs of the corporation with the exception of any authority the delegation of which is prohibited by Section 141 of the General Corporation Law, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. 6 7. WRITTEN ACTION. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. ARTICLE III OFFICERS The officers of the corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and, if deemed necessary, expedient, or desirable by the Board of Directors, a Chairman of the Board, a Vice-Chairman of the Board, an Executive Vice-President, one or nacre other Vice-Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers with such titles as the resolution of the Board of Directors choosing them shall designate. Except as may otherwise be provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors choosing him, no officer other than the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, need be a director. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, as the directors may determine. Unless otherwise provided in the resolution choosing him, each officer shall be chosen for a term which shall continue until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor shall have been chosen and qualified. All officers of the corporation shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management and operation of the corporation as shall be prescribed in the resolutions of the Board of Directors designating and choosing such officers and prescribing their authority and duties, and shall have such additional authority and duties as are incident to their office except to the extent that such resolutions may be inconsistent therewith. The Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation shall record all of the proceedings of all meetings and actions in writing of stockholders, directors, and committees of directors, and shall exercise such additional authority and perform such additional duties as the Board shall assign to him. Any officer may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE IV CORPORATE SEAL The corporate seal shall be in such form as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. ARTICLE V FISCAL YEAR The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed, and shall be subject to change, by the Board of Directors. 7 ARTICLE VI CONTROL OVER BY LAWS Subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation and the provisions of the General Corporation Law, the power to amend, alter, or repeal these Bylaws and to adopt new Bylaws may be exercised by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders. I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct copy of the bylaws of THE WIKI GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation, in effect on the date hereof. Dated: /Edward C. DeFeudis/ Edward C. DeFeudis President of THE WIKI GROUP, INC. 8 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-10.1>
 6
 totaligent_ex101.htm
 EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
 
 totaligent_ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT by and among Alltemp, Inc. (a Delaware corporation), and Certain Stockholders of Alltemp Inc. Dated as of December 3, 2021 1 CSES SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT THIS SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as this Agreement is entered into as of December 3, 2021, by and among Alltemp, Inc., a Delaware corporation Alltemp ), and those stockholders of Alltemp, Inc. listed on the signature page hereto (the Transferor Stockholders ), upon the following premises: Preliminary Statement Alltemp is a publicly traded corporation quoted on OTCPink. Alltemp desires to issue to the Transferor Stockholders newly issued shares of common stock (the CSES Shares representing all of the capital stock of Alltemp s wholly owned subsidiary, CSES Group, Inc. CSES in exchange (the CSES Exchange for the cancellation of an aggregate of 22,461,653 shares of Alltemp Common Stock (the Cancelled Shares owned by the Transferor Stockholders. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Alltemp is entering into an exchange agreement (the Digi Agreement with Digi Messaging Advertising, Inc. Dig i and the shareholders of Digi (the Digi Shareholders pursuant to which the Digi Shareholders are transferring to Alltemp all of the shares of the capital stock of Digi in exchange for the issuance of 600,000 shares of Alttemp s Series D Preferred Stock (the Digi Exchange ). The board of directors of Alltemp has determined, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the transaction contemplated hereby is desirable and in the best interests of its stockholders. This Agreement is being entered into for the purpose of setting forth the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer and assignment. Agreement NOW THEREFORE , on the stated premises and for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and the mutual benefits to the parties to be derived here from, and intending to be legally bound hereby, it is hereby agreed as follows: ARTICLE I REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE TRANSFEROR STOCKHOLDERS The Transferor Stockholders hereby represent and warrant, jointly and severally, to Alltemp as follows. 1.01 Good Title . Each of the Stockholders is the record and beneficial owner, and has good title to the Cancelled Shares owned by such Stockholder, with the right and authority to transfer and deliver such Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims, charges, encumbrances, pledges, mortgages, security interests, options, rights to acquire, proxies, voting trusts or similar agreements, restrictions on transfer or adverse claims of any nature whatsoever. 2 1.02 Power and Authority . Each of the Stockholders has the legal power, capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to perform such Stockholder s obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Stockholder, enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance with the terms hereof. 1.03 No Conflicts . The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of the Stockholders and the performance by such Stockholder of his obligations hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof: (a) will not require the consent of any third party or governmental entity under any laws; (b) will not violate any laws applicable to such Stockholder and (c) will not violate or breach any contractual obligation to which such Stockholder is a party. 1.04 Acquisition of CSES Shares for Investment . (a) Each Stockholder is acquiring the CSES Shares for investment for such Stockholder s own account and not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and such Stockholder has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. Each Stockholder further represents that he does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participation to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the CSES Shares. (b) Each Stockholder possesses such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such Stockholder is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in CSES and its securities. (c) Each Stockholder understands that the CSES Shares are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and that the issuance thereof to such Stockholder is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act Section 4(a)(2) for transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Each Stockholder is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D or, if not an accredited investor, that such Stockholder otherwise meets the suitability requirements of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2). Each certificate representing the CSES Shares issued to such Stockholder shall be endorsed with the following legends, in addition to any other legend required to be placed thereon by applicable federal or state securities laws: THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED SECURITIES ACT ), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. 3 TRANSFER OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS PROHIBITED UNLESS A REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SECURITY SHALL THEN BE IN EFFECT AND SUCH TRANSFER HAS BEEN QUALIFIED UNDER ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS, OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM SHALL BE AVAILABLE UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH LAWS. (d) Each Stockholder acknowledges that neither the SEC, nor the securities regulatory body of any state or other jurisdiction, has received, considered or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the information and representations made in this Agreement. (e) Each Stockholder acknowledges that as an executive officer of Alltemp or an affiliate thereof, such Stockholder is fully familiar with the operations, capital structure and liabilities of CSES and understands and agrees that such Stockholder is acquiring the CSES Shares on an as is basis without any representation except as to title. ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS, AND WARRANTIES OF ALLTEMP Alltemp represents and warrants, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as follows: 2.01 Organization. Alltemp is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, violate any provision of Alltemp s certificate of incorporation or by-laws. Alltemp has taken all action required by law, its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, or otherwise to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and Alltemp has full power, authority, and legal right and has taken all action required by law, its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, or otherwise to consummate the transactions herein contemplated. 2.02 Ownership of the CSES Shares . Alltemp owns all of the capital stock of CSES free and clear of all liens, claims, charges, encumbrances, pledges, mortgages, security interests, rights to acquire, proxies, voting trusts or such similar agreements, restrictions or adverse claims of any nature whatsoever. 2.03 No Conflict With Other Instruments . The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the breach of any term or provision of, constitute a default under, or terminate, accelerate or modify the terms of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other material agreement or instrument to which Alltemp is a party or to which any of its assets, properties or operations are subject. 4 2.04 Approval of Agreement . The Board of Directors of Alltemp has authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Alltemp and has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 2.05 Valid Obligation . This Agreement and all agreements and other documents executed by Alltemp in connection herewith constitute the valid and binding obligation of Alltemp, enforceable in accordance with its or their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to the qualification that the availability of equitable remedies is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. ARTICLE III PLAN OF EXCHANGE 3.01 The Exchange . On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Closing Date, each Transferor Stockholder shall assign, transfer and deliver to Alltemp, free and clear of all liens, pledges, encumbrances, charges, restrictions or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, the number of Cancelled Shares as set forth on Schedule 3.01 attached hereto, constituting all of the shares of Alltemp held by such Stockholder. In exchange for the transfer of such securities by the Transferor Stockholders, Alltemp shall issue newly issued shares of the Common Stock of CSES to the Transferor Stockholders free and clear of all liens, pledges, encumbrances, charges, restrictions or known claims of any kind, nature or description the CSES Shares in accordance with the percentages as set forth on Schedule 3.01. At the Closing Date, each of the Transferor Stockholders shall, on surrender of their certificate or certificates representing the Cancelled Shares to Alltemp or its transfer agent, be entitled to receive a certificate or certificates evidencing the CSES Shares. 3.02 Closing . The closing (the Closing or the Closing Date of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall occur immediately following the closing of the Digi Exchange. ARTICLE IV TERMINATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 4.01 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing: (a) by mutual written consent of Alltemp and the Transferor Stockholders; (b) by either the Transferor Stockholders or Alltemp if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before such date which is thirty (30) days from the date that this Agreement has been executed; 5 (c) by Alltemp if: (i) any Transferor Stockholder shall have failed to timely comply in any material respect with any of the other covenants, conditions, terms or agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with or performed by it, which breach is not cured within ten (10) days if capable of cure; or (ii) any representations and warranties of any of the Transferor Stockholders contained in this Agreement shall have been materially false when made or on and as of the Closing Date; or (d) by the Transferor Stockholders if: (i) Alltemp shall have failed to timely comply in any material respect with any of the covenants, conditions, terms or agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with or performed by it, which breach is not cured within ten (10) days if capable of cure; or (ii) any representations and warranties of Alltemp contained in this Agreement shall have been materially false when made or on and as of the Closing Date. 4.02. Effect of Termination . In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Article 4 all further obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall forthwith be terminated without any further liability of any party to the other parties; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 4.02 shall relieve any party from liability for any breach of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, each of the parties shall promptly cause to be returned to the other all documents and information obtained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all documents and information obtained in connection with the investigation of the other party s business, operations and legal affairs, including any copies made of any such documents or information. 4.03. I ndemnification (a) Each Transferor Stockholder shall indemnify and hold Alltemp harmless, and shall reimburse Alltemp for, any loss, liability, claim, damage, expense, including, but not limited to, reasonable cost of investigation and defense and reasonable attorneys fees (collectively, Damages arising from or in connection with: (i) any inaccuracy in any of the representations and warranties of the Transferor Stockholders contained herein or any actions, omissions or state of facts inconsistent with any such representation or warranty; or (ii) any failure by any Transferor Stockholder to perform or comply with any provision of this Agreement. (b) Alltemp shall indemnify and hold the Transferor Stockholders harmless, and shall reimburse the Transferor Stockholders for any Damages arising from: (i) any inaccuracy in any of the representations and warranties of Alltemp in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered by Alltemp pursuant to this Agreement, or any actions, omissions or states of facts inconsistent with any such representation or warranty; or (ii) any failure by Alltemp to perform or comply with any provision of this Agreement. 6 4.4 Procedure for Indemnification . Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party, give notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it of any liability that it may have to any indemnified party except to the extent the defense of such action by the indemnifying party is prejudiced thereby. In case any such action shall be brought against an indemnified party and it shall give notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonable satisfactory to such indemnified party and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such section for any fees of other counsel or any other expenses, in each case subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof, other than reasonable costs of investigation, If an indemnifying party assume the defense of such an action: (a) no compromise or settlement thereof may be effected by the indemnifying party without the indemnified party s consent (which shall not be unreasonable withheld) unless: (i) there is no finding or admission of any violation of law or any violation of the rights of any person which is not fully remedied by the payment referred to in clause; (ii) no adverse effect on any other claims that may be made against the indemnified party; and (ii) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the indemnifying party; (b) the indemnifying party shall have no liability with respect to any compromise or settlement thereof effected without its consent (which shall not be reasonably withheld); and (c) the indemnified party will reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying party in the defense of such action. If notice is given to an indemnifying party of the commencement of any action and it does not, within fifteen days after the indemnified party s notice is given, give notice to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall be bound by any determination made in such action or any compromise or settlement thereof effected by the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an indemnified party determined in good faith that there is a reasonable probability that an action may materially and adversely affect it or its affiliated other than as a result of monetary damages, such indemnified party may, by notice to the indemnifying party, assume the exclusive right to defend, compromise or settle such action, but the indemnifying party shall not be bound by any determination of an action so defended or any compromise or settlement thereof effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 5.01 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, enforced, and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law thereunder. Venue for all matters shall be in Palm Beach County, the United District Court for the Southern District of Florida. Each of the parties (a) irrevocably consents and agrees that any legal or equitable action or proceedings arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the District Court of the United States located in Palm Beach County. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party hereto irrevocably submits to and accepts, with respect to any such action or proceeding, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid court, and irrevocably waives any and all rights such party may now or hereafter have to object to such jurisdiction. 7 5.02 Notices . Any notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given if personally delivered to it or sent by overnight courier or registered mail or certified mail, postage prepaid, or electronic mail, addressed as follows: If to any Transferor Stockholder: The address set forth on the signature page If to Alltemp: Alltemp, Inc. 960 Westlake Boulevard Suite 207 Westlake Village, CA 91361 Attention: Ben Hansel, Chief Executive Officer with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: TroyGould PC 1801 Century Park East Suite 1600 Los Angeles, CA 90067-2367 Attention: David Ficksman, Esq. or such other addresses as shall be furnished in writing by any party in the manner for giving notices hereunder, and any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt, if personally delivered or sent by electronic mail, (ii) on the day after dispatch, if sent by overnight courier, and (iii) three (3) days after mailing, if sent by registered or certified mail. 5.03 Attorney s Fees . In the event that either party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing party shall be reimbursed by the losing party for all costs, including reasonable attorney s fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein. 5.04 Confidentiality . Each party hereto agrees with the other that, unless and until the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been consummated, it and its representatives will hold in strict confidence all data and information obtained with respect to another party or any subsidiary thereof from any representative, officer, director or employee, or from any books or records or from personal inspection, of such other party, and shall not use such data or information or disclose the same to others, except (i) to the extent such data or information is published, is a matter of public knowledge, or is required by law to be published; or (ii) to the extent that such data or information must be used or disclosed in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event of the termination of this Agreement, each party shall return to the other party all documents and other materials obtained by it or on its behalf and shall destroy all copies, digests, work papers, abstracts or other materials relating thereto, and each party will continue to comply with the confidentiality provisions set forth herein. 8 5.05 Public Announcements and Filings . Unless required by applicable law or regulatory authority, none of the parties will issue any report, statement or press release to the general public, to the trade, to the general trade or trade press, or to any third party (other than its advisors and representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby) or file any document, relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except as may be mutually agreed by the parties. Copies of any such filings, public announcements or disclosures, including any announcements or disclosures mandated by law or regulatory authorities, shall be delivered to each party at least one (1) business day prior to the release thereof. 5.06 Third Party Beneficiaries . This contract is strictly between Alltemp and the Transferor Stockholders, and, except as specifically provided, no director, officer, stockholder , employee, agent, independent contractor or any other person or entity shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. 5.07 Expenses . Whether or not the Exchange is consummated, each of Alltemp and the Transferor Stockholders will bear their own respective expenses, including legal, accounting and professional fees, incurred in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby. 5.08 Entire Agreement . This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. 5.09 Amendment or Waiver . Every right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether conferred herein, at law, or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no waiver by any party of the performance of any obligation by the other shall be construed as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or existing. This Agreement may by amended only by a writing signed by all parties hereto. 5.10 Survival; Termination . The representations, warranties, and covenants of the respective parties shall survive the Closing Date and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated for a period of one year except that the representation and warranty of the Transferor Stockholders in Section 1.01 as to the ownership of the Cancelled Shares shall survive for the period equal to the applicable statute of limitations relating to said matter. 5.11 Best Efforts . Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each party shall use its best efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations to be performed or fulfilled by it under this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated as soon as practicable. Each party also agrees that it shall use its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein. 5.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. [Signature Page Follows] 9 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. Alltemp, Inc. By: /s/ Ben Hansel Name: Ben Hansel Title: Chief Executive Officer Transferor Stockholders: /s/ William J. Lopshire Name: William J. Lopshire Address: 960 Westlake Boulevard Suite 207 Westlake Village, CA 91361 /s/ William J. Lopshire Family Trust Name: William J. Lopshire Family Trust Address: 960 Westlake Boulevard Suite 207 Westlake Village, CA 91361 10 Schedule 3.01 Transferor Stockholders Name # of Cancelled Shares of CSES Shares 1. William J. Lopshire 15,004,028 66.80 2. William J. Lopshire Family Trust 7,457,625 33.20 Total 22,461653 11 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.12>
 7
 totaligent_ex1012.htm
 EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
 
 totaligent_ex1012.htm EXHIBIT 10.1.2 SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT by and among Alltemp, Inc. (a Delaware corporation), Digi Messaging Advertising Inc. (a Wyoming company) and the Shareholders of Digi Messaging Advertising Inc. Dated as of December 3, 2021 1 SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT THIS SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as this Agreement is entered into as of December 3, 2021, by and among Alltemp, Inc., a Delaware corporation Alltemp ), Digi Messaging Advertising Inc., a Wyoming Corporation Digi or the Company ), and the Shareholders of the Company (the Digi Shareholders ), upon the following premises: Preliminary Statement Alltemp is a publicly traded corporation quoted on OTCPink. Alltemp desires to acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company from the Digi Shareholders in exchange for the issuance of 600,000 shares of the Series D Preferred Stock of Alltemp convertible into 600,000,000 shares of the common stock of Alltemp, to be delivered pursuant hereto, constituting approximately 73.7 of the total shares of common stock of Alltemp to be outstanding upon consummation of the exchange contemplated hereby, after giving effect to the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock (collectively, the Exchange Shares but before the cancellation of certain Alltemp shares described in the next sentence, and the Digi Shareholders are willing to exchange their shares of the Company in exchange for the Exchange Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein (the Exchange ).Immediately following the closing of the Exchange Shares, certain stockholders of Alltemp (the Transferor Stockholders will cancel an aggregate of 54,422,903 shares of Alltemp Common Stock (the Cancelled Shares in exchange for the issuance to the Transferor Stockholders of all of the capital stock of CSES Group, Inc. (the CSES Shares On the Closing Date (as defined in Section 4.02), the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Alltemp. The boards of directors of Alltemp and the Company have determined, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the transaction contemplated hereby is desirable and in the best interests of their respective stockholders. This Agreement is being entered into for the purpose of setting forth the terms and conditions of the proposed acquisition. Agreement NOW THEREFORE , on the stated premises and for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and the mutual benefits to the parties to be derived here from, and intending to be legally bound hereby, it is hereby agreed as follows: ARTICLE I REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS, AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY As an inducement to Alltemp to consummate the Exchange, the Company represents and warrants that except as set forth in the schedules of exceptions to the representations of the Company annexed hereto (the Company Schedules the following statements will be true and correct as of the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined): 2 1.01 Organization . The Company is duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Wyoming and has the corporate power and is duly authorized under all applicable laws, regulations, ordinances and orders of public authorities, to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted. Prior to the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) the Company will deliver to Alltemp complete and correct copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Company as in effect on the date hereof. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, violate any provision of Company s certificate of incorporation or by-laws. The Company has taken all actions required by law, its certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or otherwise to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement. The Company has full power, authority, and legal capacity and prior to the Closing Date will have taken all action required by law, its certificate of incorporation or by-laws, and otherwise to consummate the transactions herein contemplated. 1.02 Power and Authority . The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 1.03 Authorization of Agreement; Due Execution and Delivery; Binding Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company, and the Board of Directors has recommended that the Shareholders accept the Exchange. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors, rights generally, and subject to the qualification that the availability of equitable remedies is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. 1.04 No Conflict . The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (i) will not violate any provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company; (ii) will not, with or without the giving or notice and the lapse of time, or both, result in the breach of any term or provision of, constitute a default under, or terminate, accelerate or modify the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other material agreement, or instrument to which the Company is a party or to which any of its assets, properties or operations are subject; (iii) violate any provision of law, statute, rule, regulation or executive order to which the Company is subject; or (iv) violate any judgment, order, writ or decree of any court applicable to the Company. 1.05 Issued and Outstanding Shares . The issued and outstanding shares of the Company are validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable and not issued in violation of the preemptive or other rights of any person. 1.06 Options or Warrants . There are no existing options, warrants, calls, or commitments of any character relating to the authorized and unissued stock of the Company. 3 1.07 Financial Statements . (a) As soon as practicable after the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to Alltemp audited financial statements of the Company, together with the opinion with respect thereto of a recognized independent certified public accountant, together with such other unaudited interim financial statements as are necessary for Alltemp to file a Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Company Financial Statements ). All Company Financial Statements will have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods involved, and will fairly present in all material respects the financial position, results of operations, cash flows and changes in Shareholders equity of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented therein. (b) The Company has duly and punctually paid all governmental fees and taxes which it has become liable to pay and has duly allowed for all taxes reasonably foreseeable and is under no liability to pay any penalty or interest in connection with any claim for governmental fees or taxation and the Company has made any and all proper declarations and returns for taxation purposes and all information contained in such declarations and returns is true and complete and full provision or reserves have been made in its financial statements for all governmental fees and taxation. (c) The books and records, financial and otherwise, of the Company are in all material respects complete and correct and have been maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods involved. (d) The Company will have no liabilities (whether absolute, accrued, contingent, known or unknown or otherwise), claims, obligations or other liens, except for an aggregate principal amount of 306,080 in convertible notes. 1.08 Absence of Certain Changes or Events . Prior to the Closing Date: (a) Except as otherwise contemplated herein, subsequent to the date hereof, the Company will not (i) amend any of its charter documents; (ii) declare or make, or agree to declare or make, any payment of dividends or distributions of any assets of any kind whatsoever to Shareholders or purchase or redeem, or agree to purchase or redeem, any of its shares; (iii) make any material change in its method of management, operation or accounting, (iv) enter into any other material transaction other than sales in the ordinary course of its business; or (v) make any increase in or adoption of any profit sharing, bonus, deferred compensation, insurance, pension, retirement, or other employee benefit plan, payment, or arrangement made to, for, or with its officers, directors, or employees; and 4 (b) The Company will not (i) grant or agree to grant any options, warrants or other rights for its stocks, bonds or other corporate securities calling for the issuance thereof, (ii) borrow or agree to borrow any funds or incur, or become subject to, any material obligation or liability (absolute or contingent) except as disclosed herein and except liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; (iii) sell or transfer, or agree to sell or transfer, any of its assets, properties, or rights or cancel, or agree to cancel, any debts or claims; or (iv) issue, deliver, or agree to issue or deliver any stock, bonds or other corporate securities including debentures (whether authorized and unissued or held as treasury stock) except in connection with this Agreement. 1.09 Litigation and Proceedings . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Company after reasonable investigation, threatened by or against the Company or affecting the Company or its properties, at law or in equity, before any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind. The Company does not have any knowledge of any material default on its part with respect to any judgment, order, injunction, decree, award, rule, or regulation of any court, arbitrator, or governmental agency or instrumentality or of any circumstances, which, after reasonable investigation, would result in the discovery of such a default. 1.10 Compliance With Laws and Regulations. To the best of its knowledge, the Company has complied with all statutes and regulations applicable to its business, except to the extent that noncompliance would not materially and adversely affect the business, operations, properties, assets, or condition of the Company or except to the extent that noncompliance would not result in the occurrence of any material liability for the Company. 1.11 Contracts . (a) The Company has no material contracts. A material contract, is one which (i) will remain in effect for more than six (6) months after the date of this Agreement, (ii) involves aggregate obligations of at least one hundred thousand dollars 100,000) and which cannot be terminated by the Company on notice of no more than thirty days at a cost of no more than 50,000; or (iii) without duplication any oral or written (a) contract for the employment of any officer or employee; (bi) profit sharing, bonus, deferred compensation, stock option, severance pay, pension benefit or retirement plan, (ci) agreement, contract, or indenture relating to the borrowing of money, (id) guaranty of any obligation; (ei) collective bargaining agreement; or (f) agreement with any present or former officer or director of the Company, which, in each case cannot be terminated by the Company on notice of no more than thirty days at a cost of no more than 50,000. 1.12 Taxes . The Company has: (i) timely filed with the appropriate taxing authorities all tax returns required to be filed by or with respect to its business, or is properly on extension and all such duly filed tax returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects; and (ii) timely paid in full or made adequate provisions for on its balance sheet (in accordance with GAAP) all taxes shown to be due on such tax returns. There are no liens for taxes upon the assets of the Company except for statutory liens for current taxes not yet due and payable or which may thereafter be paid without penalty or are being contested in good faith. The Company has not received any notice of audit, is not undergoing any audit of its tax returns, and has not received any notice of deficiency or assessment from any taxing authority with respect to liability for taxes which has not been fully paid or finally settled. There have been no waivers of statutes of limitations by the Company with respect to any tax returns. The Company has not filed a request with any taxing authority for changes in accounting methods within the last three years which change would affect the accounting for tax purposes, directly or indirectly, of its business. The Company has not executed an extension or waiver of any statute of limitations on the assessment or collection of any taxes due that is currently in effect. 5 1.13 No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the accountants, and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers. 1.14 No Brokers . The Company has not retained any broker or finder in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and has not incurred or agreed to pay, or taken any other action that would entitle any person to receive, any brokerage fee, finder s fee or other similar fee or commission with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 1.15 Disclosure . All disclosure provided to Alltemp regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Company Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company with respect to the representations and warranties made herein are true and correct with respect to such representations and warranties and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. In the event the Company Disclosure Schedules are not delivered contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, they shall be delivered as soon as practicable prior to the Closing Date. 1.16 Intellectual Property; Privacy Laws . The Company has all right, title and interest in each item of Intellectual Property used in connection with the business of the Company. The Company s use of any Intellectual Property does not infringe upon, violate, misappropriate or make unlawful use of any intellectual property or other rights of any third party, and the Company has not received any notice as to such infringement. The Intellectual Property used by the Company is all the Intellectual Property necessary to operate the business of the Company as presently conducted or proposed to be conducted. As used herein, Intellectual Property means the right to any patent, trademark, service mark, invention, copyright, software, code, trade secrets and know-how. The Company has materially complied with all applicable privacy laws. 6 ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE DIGI SHAREHOLDERS The Digi Shareholders hereby represent and warrant, severally and solely, to Alltemp as follows. 2.01 Good Title . Each of the Shareholders is the record and beneficial owner, and has good title to the shares of the Company owned by such Shareholders Company Shares ), with the right and authority to sell and deliver such Company Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims, charges, encumbrances, pledges, mortgages, security interests, options, rights to acquire, proxies, voting trusts or similar agreements, restrictions on transfer or adverse claims of any nature whatsoever. Upon delivery of any certificate or certificates duly assigned, representing the same as herein contemplated and/or upon registering of Alltemp as the new owner of such Company Shares in the share register of the Company, Alltemp will receive good title to such Company Shares, free and clear of all liens. 2.02 Power and Authority . Each of the Shareholders has the legal power, capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to perform such Shareholder s obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Shareholders, enforceable against the Shareholder in accordance with the terms hereof. 2.03 No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder and the performance by the Shareholder of his, her or its obligations hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof: (a) will not require the consent of any third party or governmental entity under any laws; (b) will not violate any laws applicable to the Shareholder and (c) will not violate or breach any contractual obligation to which the Shareholder is a party. 2.04 Acquisition of Exchange Shares for Investment . (a) Each Shareholder is acquiring the Exchange Shares for investment for such Shareholder s own account and not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and each Shareholder has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. Each Shareholder further represents that he, she or it does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participation to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Exchange Shares. (b) Such Shareholder represents and warrants that such Shareholder (i) can bear the economic risk of such Shareholder s respective investments, and (ii) possesses such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such Shareholder is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in Alltemp and its securities. 7 (c) Each Shareholder understands that the Exchange Shares are not registered under the Securities Act and that the issuance thereof to such Shareholder is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act Section 4(a)(2) for transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Each Shareholder represents and warrants that he is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D or, if not an accredited investor, that such Shareholder otherwise meets the suitability requirements of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2). Each Shareholder agrees to provide documentation to Alltemp prior to Closing as may be requested by Alltemp to confirm compliance with Regulation D and/or Section 4(a)(2), including, without limitation, a letter of investment intent or similar representation letter and a completed investor questionnaire. Each certificate representing the Exchange Shares issued to such Shareholder shall be endorsed with the following legends, in addition to any other legend required to be placed thereon by applicable federal or state securities laws: THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED SECURITIES ACT ), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. TRANSFER OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS PROHIBITED UNLESS A REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SECURITY SHALL THEN BE IN EFFECT AND SUCH TRANSFER HAS BEEN QUALIFIED UNDER ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS, OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM SHALL BE AVAILABLE UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH LAWS. (d) Such Shareholder acknowledges that neither the SEC, nor the securities regulatory body of any state or other jurisdiction, has received, considered or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the information and representations made in this Agreement. (e) Such Shareholder acknowledges that he has carefully reviewed such information as he has deemed necessary to evaluate an investment in Alltemp and its securities, and that all information required to be disclosed to such Shareholder under Regulation D has been furnished to such Shareholder by Alltemp. Each Shareholder acknowledges that he, she or it has been furnished all materials that he has requested relating to Alltemp and the issuance of the Exchange Shares hereunder, and that such Shareholder has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of Alltemp s representatives to obtain any information necessary to verify the accuracy of any representations or information made or given to the Shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall derogate from or otherwise modify the representations and warranties of Alltemp set forth in this Agreement, on which each of the Shareholders has relied in making an exchange of his, her or its Company Shares for the Exchange Shares. (f) Such Shareholder understands that the Exchange Shares may not be sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and that in the absence of an effective registration statement covering the Exchange Shares or any available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, the Exchange Shares may have to be held indefinitely. Each Shareholder further acknowledges that the Exchange Shares may not be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act unless the conditions of Rule 144 are satisfied [including, without limitation, Alltemp s compliance with the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )]. 8 (g) Such Shareholder agrees that, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the warranties, representations, agreements and covenants of such Shareholder under this Section 2.04 shall survive the Closing for the period set forth in Section 8.11. 2.05 No Brokers . Such Shareholder has not retained any broker or finder in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, nor has such Shareholder incurred or agreed to pay, or taken any other action that would entitle any person to receive, any brokerage fee, finder s fee or other similar fee or commission with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS, COVENANTS, AND WARRANTIES OF ALLTEMP As an inducement to, and to obtain the reliance of the Company and the Digi Shareholders, except as set forth in the schedules of exceptions to the representations of Alltemp annexed hereto (the Alltemp Schedules ), Alltemp represents and warrants, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as follows: 3.01 Organization . Alltemp is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Delaware and has the corporate power and is duly authorized under all applicable laws, regulations, ordinances, and orders of public authorities to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted. Alltemp has made available to the Company or there has been available on EDGAR complete and correct copies of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Alltemp as in effect on the date hereof. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, violate any provision of Alltemp s certificate of incorporation or by-laws. Alltemp has taken all action required by law, its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, or otherwise to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and Alltemp has full power, authority, and legal right and has taken all action required by law, its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, or otherwise to consummate the transactions herein contemplated. 3.02 Capitalization . (a) Alltemp s authorized capitalization consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 214,077,980 shares are issued and outstanding, 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which none are issued and outstanding, and 600,000 shares, designated as Series D Preferred Stock have been authorized for issuance to the Shareholders as part of the Exchange Shares. Alltemp s capitalization immediately before and after Closing is set forth in Schedule 3.02 hereof. All issued and outstanding shares are legally issued, fully paid, and non-assessable and not issued in violation of the preemptive or other rights of any person. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports (as defined in Section 3.04 below) and as contemplated hereof, as of the date hereof and the Closing Date, no shares of Alltemp s common stock are or will be reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options to purchase the common stock; no shares of common stock are or will be reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Alltemp common stock; and no shares of common stock are or will be reserved for issuance upon the conversion of any outstanding convertible notes, debentures or other securities except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement. All outstanding shares of Alltemp common stock have been issued and granted in compliance with (i) all applicable securities laws and (in all material respects) other applicable laws and regulations, and (ii) all requirements set forth in any applicable Contracts. 9 (b) There are no equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of any class of any equity security of Alltemp, or any securities exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for such equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Alltemp Schedule 3.02 , there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, calls, rights (including preemptive rights), commitments or agreements of any character to which Alltemp is a party or by which it is bound obligating Alltemp to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of, any shares of capital stock, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of Alltemp or obligating Alltemp to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, equity security, call, right, commitment or agreement. There is no plan or arrangement to issue shares of Alltemp common stock, except as set forth in this Agreement. Except as contemplated by this Agreement and except as set forth in Schedule 3.02 hereto, there are no registration rights, and there is no voting trust, proxy, rights plan, anti-takeover plan or other agreement or understanding to which Alltemp is a party or by which it is bound with respect to any equity security of any class of Alltemp, and there are no agreements to which Alltemp is a party, or which Alltemp has knowledge of, which conflict with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder. 3.03 Subsidiaries and Predecessor Corporations . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports (as defined below), Alltemp does not have any predecessor corporation(s), no subsidiaries, and does not own, beneficially or of record, any shares of any other corporation. 3.04 Filings; Financial Statements . (a) Alltemp has made available to the Company and the Shareholders, or there has been available on EDGAR, correct and complete copies of each report and registration statements filed by Alltemp with the SEC since 2013 (the SEC Reports ), it being understood, however, that on April 16, 2018, the Company filed a Form 15 with the SEC and has not filed any SEC Reports since that date. Since October 3, 2018, Alltemp has filed reports with the OTC Markets under its Alternative Reporting System (the OTC Reports which together with the SEC reports shall be referred to herein as the Reports ). (b) Each set of financial statements in the Reports fairly presents in all material respects the financial position of Alltemp at the respective dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated. 10 All of Alltemp s assets are reflected on its financial statements, and, except as set forth in the Alltemp Schedules or the financial statements of Alltemp or the notes thereto, Alltemp has no material liabilities, direct or indirect, matured or unmatured, contingent or otherwise; (c) Alltemp has no liabilities with respect to the payment of any federal, state, county, local or other taxes (including any deficiencies, interest or penalties), except for taxes accrued but not yet due and payable; and (d) The books and records, financial and otherwise, of Alltemp are in all material aspects complete and correct and have been maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods involved. 3.05 Taxes . Alltemp has: (i) timely filed with the appropriate taxing authorities all tax returns required to be filed by or with respect to its business or are properly on extension and all such duly filed tax returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects; and (ii) timely paid in full or made adequate provisions for on its balance sheet (in accordance with GAAP) all Taxes shown to be due on such tax returns. There are no liens for taxes upon the assets of Alltemp except for statutory liens for current taxes not yet due and payable or which may thereafter be paid without penalty or are being contested in good faith. Alltemp has not received any notice of audit, is not undergoing any audit of its tax returns, and has not received any notice of deficiency or assessment from any taxing authority with respect to liability for taxes which has not been fully paid or finally settled. There have been no waivers of statutes of limitations by Alltemp with respect to any tax returns. Alltemp has not filed a request with the Internal Revenue Service for changes in accounting methods within the last three years which change would affect the accounting for tax purposes, directly or indirectly, of its business. Alltemp has not executed an extension or waiver of any statute of limitations on the assessment or collection of any taxes due (excluding such statutes that relate to years currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service or other applicable taxing authorities) that is currently in effect. In the event the IRS or other relevant tax authorities require Alltemp to make additional filings, correct or amend previously filings, or make additional tax payments resulting from Alltemp s operations prior the execution of this Agreement, then the current management of Alltemp, which shall include, but not be limited to the current CEO of Alltemp Alltemp Management ), shall be solely liable and responsible for complying with said requirement. Alltemp Management shall have 30 days to cure any such requirement as issued by the IRS or relevant tax authority starting from the date in which Alltemp receives written notice. 3.06 No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by Alltemp to arise, between the accountants, and lawyers formerly or presently employed by Alltemp and Alltemp is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers. 3.07 Options or Warrants. Except as set forth in the OTC Reports, there are no existing options, warrants, calls, or commitments of any character relating to the authorized and unissued stock of Alltemp. 11 3.08 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since June 30, 2017 and except as set forth in the OTC Reports . (a) there has not been (i) any material adverse change in the business, operations, properties, assets or condition of Alltemp or (ii) any damage, destruction or loss to Alltemp (whether or not covered by insurance) materially and adversely affecting the business, operations, properties, assets or condition of Alltemp; (b) Alltemp has not (i) amended its certificate of incorporation or by-laws, except as required by this Agreement; (ii) declared or made, or agreed to declare or make any payment of dividends or distributions of any assets of any kind whatsoever to stockholders or purchased or redeemed, or agreed to purchase or redeem, any of its capital stock; (iii) waived any rights of value which in the aggregate are outside of the ordinary course of business or material considering the business of Alltemp; (iv) made any material change in its method of management, operation, or accounting; (v) entered into any transactions or agreements other than in the ordinary course of business; (vi) made any accrual or arrangement for or payment of bonuses or special compensation of any kind or any severance or termination pay to any present or former officer or employee; (vii) increased the rate of compensation payable or to become payable by it to any of its officers or directors or any of its salaried employees whose monthly compensation exceed 1,000; or (viii) made any increase in any profit sharing, bonus, deferred compensation, insurance, pension, retirement, or other employee benefit plan, payment, or arrangement, made to, for or with its officers, directors, or employees; (c) Alltemp has not (i) granted or agreed to grant any options, warrants, or other rights for its stock, bonds, or other corporate securities calling for the issuance thereof; (ii) borrowed or agreed to borrow any funds or incurred, or become subject to, any material obligation or liability (absolute or contingent) except liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; (iii) paid or agreed to pay any material obligations or liabilities (absolute or contingent) other than current liabilities reflected in or shown on the most recent Alltemp balance sheet and current liabilities incurred since that date in the ordinary course of business and professional and other fees and expenses in connection with the preparation of this Agreement and the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby; (iv) sold or transferred, or agreed to sell or transfer, any of its assets, properties, or rights (except assets, properties, or rights not used or useful in its business which, in the aggregate have a value of less than 1,000), or canceled, or agreed to cancel, any debts or claims (except debts or claims which in the aggregate are of a value less than 1,000); (v) made or permitted any amendment or termination of any contract, agreement, or license to which it is a party if such amendment or termination is material, considering the business of Alltemp; or (vi) issued, delivered or agreed to issue or deliver, any stock, bonds or other corporate securities including debentures (whether authorized and unissued or held as treasury stock), except in connection with this Agreement; and (d) Alltemp has not become subject to any law or regulation which materially and adversely affects, or in the future, may adversely affect, the business, operations, properties, assets or condition of Alltemp. 12 3.09 Litigation and Proceedings. There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of Alltemp, threatened against Alltemp, or affecting Alltemp or its properties, at law or in equity, before any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind. Alltemp is not in default with respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule or regulation of any court, arbitrator, or governmental agency or instrumentality. 3.10 Contracts . Except as disclosed in the OTC Reports: (a) Alltemp is not a party to, and its assets, products, technology and properties are not bound by, any contract, franchise, license agreement, agreement, debt instrument or other commitments whether such agreement is in writing or oral; (b) Alltemp is not a party to or bound by, and the properties of Alltemp are not subject to any contract, agreement, other commitment or instrument; any charter or other corporate restriction; or any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, or award; and (c) Alltemp is not a party to any oral or written (i) contract for the employment of any officer or employee; (ii) profit sharing, bonus, deferred compensation, stock option, severance pay, pension benefit or retirement plan, (iii) agreement, contract, or indenture relating to the borrowing of money, (iv) guaranty of any obligation, (vi) collective bargaining agreement; or (vii) agreement with any present or former officer or director of Alltemp. 3.11 No Conflict with Other Instruments. The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the breach of any term or provision of, constitute a default under, or terminate, accelerate or modify the terms of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other material agreement or instrument to which Alltemp is a party or to which any of its assets, properties or operations are subject. 3.12 Compliance with Laws and Regulations. Alltemp has complied with all applicable statutes and regulations of any federal, state, or other applicable governmental entity or agency thereof. This compliance includes, but is not limited to, the filing of all reports to date with federal and state securities authorities. 3.13 Approval of Agreement. The Board of Directors of Alltemp has authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Alltemp and has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 3.14 Material Transactions or Affiliations. Except as set forth in the OTC Reports, there exists no contract, agreement or arrangement between Alltemp and any predecessor and any person who was at the time of such contract, agreement or arrangement an officer, director, or person owning of record or known by Alltemp to own beneficially, 5 or more of the issued and outstanding common shares of Alltemp and which is to be performed in whole or in part after the date hereof or was entered. Neither any officer, director, nor 5 Shareholders of Alltemp has, or has had since inception of Alltemp, any known interest, direct or indirect, in any such transaction with Alltemp, which was material to the business of Alltemp. Alltemp has no commitment, whether written or oral, to lend any funds to, borrow any money from, or enter into any other transaction with, any such affiliated person. 13 3.15 Bank Accounts; Power of Attorney. Alltemp has provided the Company with a true and complete list of (a) all accounts with banks, money market mutual funds or securities or other financial institutions maintained by Alltemp within the past twelve (12) months, the account numbers thereof, and all persons authorized to sign or act on behalf of Alltemp, (b) all safe deposit boxes and other similar custodial arrangements maintained by Alltemp within the past twelve (12) months, (c) the check ledger for the last 12 months, and (d) the names of all persons holding powers of attorney from Alltemp or who are otherwise authorized to act on behalf of Alltemp with respect to any matter, other than its officers and directors, and a summary of the terms of such powers or authorizations. 3.16 Valid Obligation . This Agreement and all agreements and other documents executed by Alltemp in connection herewith constitute the valid and binding obligation of Alltemp, enforceable in accordance with its or their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to the qualification that the availability of equitable remedies is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. 3.17 Exchange Act Compliance . Alltemp filed a Form 15 on April 30, 2018 to terminate registration in accordance to Rule 12g-4(a)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 3.18 No Brokers . Alltemp has not retained any broker or finder in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Alltemp has not incurred or agreed to pay, or taken any other action that would entitle any person to receive, any brokerage fee, finder s fee or other similar fee or commission with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 3.19 Disclosure . All disclosure provided to the Shareholders regarding Alltemp, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Alltemp Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of Alltemp with respect to the representations and warranties made herein are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Alltemp acknowledges and agrees that the Shareholders have not made, nor are the Shareholders making, any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth herein. In the event the Alltemp Disclosure Schedules are not delivered contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, they shall be delivered as soon as practicable prior to the Closing Date. ARTICLE IV PLAN OF EXCHANGE 4.01 The Exchange . On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Closing Date, each of the Digi Shareholders, shall assign, transfer and deliver, free and clear of all liens, pledges, encumbrances, charges, restrictions or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, the number of units of the Company set forth on Schedule 4.01 attached hereto, constituting all of the units of the Company held by such Digi Shareholder and, in the aggregate, 100 of the issued and outstanding units of the Company. In exchange for the transfer of such securities by the Shareholders, Alltemp shall issue to the Digi Shareholders, their affiliates or assigns, a total of 600,000 shares of Alltemp Series D Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred Shares ), each share of Series D Preferred Stock being convertible into 1,000 shares of Alltemp common stock and having the rights and preferences in the Certificate of Designation to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with Section 7.06 hereof, so that the Shareholders will upon conversion of the Alltemp Series D Preferred Stock, hold approximately 73.7 of the total shares of common stock of Alltemp to be outstanding upon consummation of the exchange contemplated hereby (the Shareholder Percentage Ownership but prior to the cancellation of the Cancelled Shares. At the Closing Date, each of the Shareholders shall, on surrender of their certificate or certificates representing its Company Units to Alltemp or its registrar or transfer agent, be entitled to receive a certificate or certificates evidencing his proportionate interest in the Exchange Shares as set forth in Schedule 4.01 hereto. The Shareholders acknowledge that the distribution of Alltemp s shares among them is not proportional to their holdings in the Company but has been determined by agreement among them and that those who are receiving more than their proportionate share are compensating those who are receiving less than their proportionate share. 4.02 Closing . The closing (the Closing or the Closing Date of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall occur on or before such date which is thirty (30) days from the execution of this Agreement, or such other date as the parties shall agree. Such Closing shall take place at a mutually agreeable time and place and be conditioned upon all of the conditions of the Exchange being met. 4.03 Closing Events . At the Closing, Alltemp, the Company and the Shareholders shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver (or shall ensure to be executed, acknowledged, and delivered), any and all certificates, financial statements, schedules, agreements, resolutions, rulings or other instruments required by this Agreement to be so delivered at or prior to the Closing, together with such other items as may be reasonably requested by the parties hereto and their respective legal counsel in order to effectuate or evidence the transactions contemplated hereby. 4.04 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated by the Board of Directors of the Company or Alltemp only in the event that the Company or Alltemp, as the case may be, does not meet the conditions precedent set forth in Articles VI and VII. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this section, this Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, and no obligation, right or liability shall arise hereunder. 14 ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES The parties hereby agree that: 5.01 Public Status . Alltemp shall make any and all required filings so that its Common Stock continues to be a publicly traded security for a period of at least 24 months from the Closing Date. Alltemp shall, to the best of its ability, take all action necessary to ensure that its Common Stock becomes quoted on the OTCQB or a substantially equivalent electronic trading system. As soon as practicable after the date hereof, Alltemp shall file a Form 10 with the SEC. 5.02 Public Announcements . Except as required by applicable law, Alltemp, the Company and the Shareholders shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or making any public statement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and will not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation and without the consent of the other parties. 5.03 Notices of Certain Events . In addition to any other notice required to be given by the terms of this Agreement, each of the parties shall promptly notify the other party hereto of: (a) any notice or other communication from any person alleging that the consent of such person is or may be required in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (b) any notice or other communication from any governmental or regulatory agency or authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (c) any actions, suits, claims, investigations or proceedings commenced or, to its knowledge threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting such party that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant hereto or that relate to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 5.04 Access to Information. Following the date hereof, until consummation of all transactions contemplated hereby, Alltemp shall give to the Company, its counsel, financial adviser, auditor and other authorized representatives reasonable access to the offices, properties, books and records, financial and other data and information of Alltemp as the Company and their representatives may reasonably request. Likewise, following the date hereof, until consummation of all transactions contemplated hereby, the Company shall give to Alltemp, its counsel, financial advisers, auditors and other authorized representatives reasonable access to the offices, properties, books and records, financial and other data and information of the Company as Alltemp and its representatives may reasonably request. 5.05 Alltemp s Business and the Company s Business. Except for transactions contemplated by this Agreement, neither Alltemp nor the Company will, without the prior written consent of the other, (i) make any material change in the type or nature of its business, or in the nature of its operations, (ii) create or suffer to exist any debt, other than that currently in existence or undertaken to complete projects ongoing or to meet short term working capital needs, (iii) issue any capital stock or (iv) enter into any new agreements of any kind or undertake any new obligations or liabilities likely to have a material impact on its business. 15 5.06 Consents of Third Parties. Each of the parties will give any notices to third parties and will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any third party consents, that the other parties reasonably may request in connection with this Agreement. Each of the parties will give any notices to, make any filings with, and use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any authorizations, consents, and approvals of governments and governmental agencies in connection with the matters in this Agreement. 5.09 No Solicitations . From and after the date of this Agreement until the later of the Closing, sixty days after the date hereof or termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, the Company will not, nor will it permit any of its officers, directors or agents acting on its behalf to: (a) take any action to solicit, initiate, encourage or assist the submission of any proposal, negotiation or offer from any person or entity other than Alltemp, and other person(s) or entities for purposes of soliciting their participation as investors or co-investors with the Company, relating to the acquisition, sale or transfer of any of the capital stock of the Company or any material part of the assets of the Company; (b) offer to sell or transfer any of the capital stock of the Company or any material part of the assets of the Company to any person other than Alltemp and/or other person(s) or entities who participate as investors or co-investors with Alltemp; or (c) disclose financial or other information relating to the company other than in the ordinary course of business to any person or entity other than Alltemp, Alltemp agents and representatives, and other person(s) or entities for purposes of soliciting their participation as investors or co-investors with Alltemp, except with the written consent of Alltemp. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the legal remedies available to Alltemp in the event the Company violates any of the foregoing covenants would be inadequate and that Alltemp shall be entitled to specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies in the event of any such violation. The Company will immediately notify Alltemp regarding any contact between the Company, any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives and any other person regarding any offer, proposal or inquiry during this exclusivity period. 5.10 Audited Financial Statements . The Company shall deliver to Alltemp no later than sixty (60) days following the execution of this Agreement, the Financial Statements of the Company contemplated by Section 1.07 hereof. 5.11 Exchange of CSES Shares. The Parties shall insure that on or before the Closing all of the existing operations of Alltemp shall be in CSES including all operating assets (excluding any cash or cash equivalents) and liabilities relating to the operations of CSES. Immediately after the Closing, pursuant to a separate exchange agreement (the CSES Exchange Agreement Alltemp shall issue to the Transferor Stockholder the CSES Shares without representation or warranty (except as to title) in exchange for the Cancelled Shares which upon such exchange shall be deemed to be redeemed and cancelled. 16 ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF ALLTEMP The obligations of Alltemp under this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of the following conditions: 6.01 Accuracy of Representations and Performance of Covenants. Each of the representations and warranties made by the Company and the Shareholders shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date as if made on such date. The Company and each Shareholder shall have performed or complied with all covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing. Alltemp shall be furnished with a certificate, signed by a duly authorized executive officer of the Company and dated the Closing Date, confirming (i) the statements made in the two preceding sentences and (ii) that there has been no material adverse change in the business, affairs, prospects, operations, properties, assets or conditions of the Company since the date of this Agreement. 6.02 No Governmental Prohibition. No order, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, injunction, stay, decree, judgment or restraining order shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any court or governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality which prohibits the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 6.03 Consents. All consents, approvals, waivers or amendments pursuant to all contracts, licenses, permits, trademarks and other intangibles in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, or for the continued operation of the Company after the Closing Date on the basis as presently operated shall have been obtained. 6.04 Other Items. Alltemp shall have received such further documents, certificates or instruments relating to the transactions contemplated hereby as Alltemp may reasonably request. 6.05 Absence of Litigation . There shall be no actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations or inquiries pending or threatened against the Company, which would prevent the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby. 6.06 Schedules and Other Information . The Company shall have delivered to Alltemp such books and records reasonably requested in connection with Alltemp s due diligence investigation of the Company, and there shall have been no disclosure in any financial statements or any schedule delivered after the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement, or the documents described therein, or in any disclosure provided in connection with such due diligence investigation, which in the reasonable opinion of Alltemp does or may have a materially adverse effect on the value of the business of the Company or on its assets, properties or goodwill. 6.07 CSES Exchange Agreement . The CSES Exchange Agreement shall have been executed. 17 ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY AND THE DIGI SHAREHOLDERS The obligations of the Company and the Digi Shareholders under this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of the following conditions: 7.01 Accuracy of Representations and Performance of Covenants . Each of the representations and warranties made by Alltemp shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date as if made on such date. Alltemp shall have performed or complied with all covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing. The Company shall be furnished with a certificate, signed by a duly authorized executive officer of Alltemp and dated the Closing Date, confirming (i) the statements made in the two preceding sentences and (ii) that there has been no material adverse change in the business, affairs, prospects, operations, properties, assets or conditions of Alltemp since the date of this Agreement. 7.02 No Governmental Prohibition . No order, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, injunction, stay, decree, judgment or restraining order shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any court or governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality which prohibits the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 7.03 Consents . All consents, approvals, waivers or amendments pursuant to all contracts, licenses, permits, trademarks and other intangibles in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, or for the continued operation of Alltemp after the Closing Date shall have been obtained. 7.04 Certificate of Designation . Alltemp shall have filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Delaware authorizing the issuance of the Series D Preferred Shares as contemplated by Section 4.01 and having such rights and privileges as are set forth in the form of Certificate of Designation agreed upon by the parties. 7.05 Absence of Litigation . There shall be no actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations or inquiries pending or threatened against Alltemp, which would prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 7.06 Good Standing Certificate . Alltemp shall have delivered to the Company a certificate of good standing issued by the Secretary of the State of the State of Delaware, dated as of a date within ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, certifying that Alltemp is in good standing as a corporation in the State of Delaware and has filed all tax returns required to have been filed by it with the State of Delaware to date and has paid all taxes reported as due thereon. 7.07 Board of Directors Resolutions . Alltemp shall have delivered to the Company a certificate signed by an officer of Alltemp certifying to the adoption by its Board of Directors of resolutions approving this Agreement, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 7.08 Officers and Directors . The officers and directors of Alltemp shall have resigned from such positions effective immediately prior to Closing and the Company s designees for such positions shall have been duly appointed. 7.9 Other Items. The Company shall have received further documents, certificates, or instruments relating to the transactions contemplated hereby as the Company may reasonably request. 18 7.10 Schedules and Other Information . Alltemp shall have delivered to the Company the Alltemp Disclosure Schedules required hereunder, and other books and records reasonably requested in connection with the Company s due diligence investigation of Alltemp, and there shall have been no disclosure in any schedule delivered after the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement, or the documents described therein, or in any disclosure provided in connection with such due diligence investigation, which in the reasonable opinion of the Company does or may have a materially adverse effect on the value of the business of Alltemp or on its assets, properties or goodwill. ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 8.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing: (a) by mutual written consent of Alltemp and the Company; (b) by either the Company or Alltemp if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before such date which is thirty (30) days from the date of the execution of this Agreement (unless the failure to consummate the transactions by such date shall be due to the action or failure to act of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement which, in the case of the Company would include the failure of any Shareholder); (c) by Alltemp if: (i) the Company or a Shareholder shall have failed to timely comply in any material respect with any of the other covenants, conditions, terms or agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with or performed by it, which breach is not cured within ten (10) days if capable of cure; or (ii) any representations and warranties of the Company or the Shareholders contained in this Agreement shall have been materially false when made or on and as of the Closing Date; or (d) by the Company if: (i) Alltemp shall have failed to timely comply in any material respect with any of the covenants, conditions, terms or agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with or performed by it, which breach is not cured within ten (10) days if capable of cure; or (ii) any representations and warranties of Alltemp contained in this Agreement shall have been materially false when made or on and as of the Closing Date. 8.02 Effect of Termination . In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Article 8, all further obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall forthwith be terminated without any further liability of any party to the other parties; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 8.02 shall relieve any party from liability for any breach of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, each of the parties shall promptly cause to be returned to the other all documents and information obtained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all documents and information obtained in connection with the investigation of the other party s business, operations and legal affairs, including any copies made of any such documents or information. 19 8.03 Indemnification (a) The Company and each Shareholder shall indemnify and hold Alltemp harmless, and shall reimburse Alltemp for, any loss, liability, claim, damage, expense, including, but not limited to, reasonable cost of investigation and defense and reasonable attorneys fees (collectively, Damages ), arising from or in connection with: (i) any inaccuracy in any of the representations and warranties of the Company and Shareholders contained herein or in any certificate delivered by the Company or a Shareholder pursuant to this Agreement, or any actions, omissions or states of facts inconsistent with any such representation or warranty; or (ii) any failure by the Company or any Shareholder to perform or comply with any provision of this Agreement. (b) Alltemp shall indemnify and hold the Shareholders harmless and shall reimburse the Shareholders for any Damages arising from: (i) any inaccuracy in any of the representations and warranties of Alltemp in this Agreement or in any certificate delivered by Alltemp pursuant to this Agreement, or any actions, omissions or states of facts inconsistent with any such representation or warranty; or (ii) any failure by Alltemp to perform or comply with any provision of this Agreement. 8.4 Procedure for Indemnification . Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party, give notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, but the failure so to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it of any liability that it may have to any indemnified party except to the extent the defense of such action by the indemnifying party is prejudiced thereby. In case any such action shall be brought against an indemnified party and it shall give notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonable satisfactory to such indemnified party and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such section for any fees of other counsel or any other expenses, in each case subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof, other than reasonable costs of investigation, If an indemnifying party assume the defense of such an action: (a) no compromise or settlement thereof may be effected by the indemnifying party without the indemnified party s consent (which shall not be unreasonable withheld) unless: (i) there is no finding or admission of any violation of law or any violation of the rights of any person which is not fully remedied by the payment referred to in clause; (ii) no adverse effect on any other claims that may be made against the indemnified party; and (ii) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the indemnifying party; (b) the indemnifying party shall have no liability with respect to any compromise or settlement thereof effected without its consent (which shall not be reasonably withheld); and (c) the indemnified party will reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying party in the defense of such action. If notice is given to an indemnifying party of the commencement of any action and it does not, within fifteen days after the indemnified party s notice is given, give notice to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall be bound by any determination made in such action or any compromise or settlement thereof effected by the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an indemnified party determined in good faith that there is a reasonable probability that an action may materially and adversely affect it or its affiliated other than as a result of monetary damages, such indemnified party may, by notice to the indemnifying party, assume the exclusive right to defend, compromise or settle such action, but the indemnifying party shall not be bound by any determination of an action so defended or any compromise or settlement thereof effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). 20 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 9.01 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, enforced, and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law thereunder. Venue for all matters shall be in Palm Beach County, the United District Court for the Southern District of Florida. Each of the parties (a) irrevocably consents and agrees that any legal or equitable action or proceedings arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the District Court of the United States located in Palm Beach County. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party hereto irrevocably submits to and accepts, with respect to any such action or proceeding, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid court, and irrevocably waives any and all rights such party may now or hereafter have to object to such jurisdiction. 9.02 Notices . Any notice or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given if personally delivered to it or sent by overnight courier or registered mail or certified mail, postage prepaid, or electronic mail, addressed as follows: If to the Company or any Shareholder: Digi Messaging Advertising Inc. 5830 E 2 nd ST, Suite 7000 #515 Casper, WY 82609 Attn: Edward C. DeFeudis, Chief Executive Officer If to Alltemp: Alltemp, Inc. 960 Westlake Boulevard Suite 207 Westlake Village, CA 91361 Attention: Ben Hansel, Chief Executive Officer with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: TroyGould PC 1801 Century Park East Suite 1600 Los Angeles, CA 90067-2367 Attention: David Ficksman, Esq. or such other addresses as shall be furnished in writing by any party in the manner for giving notices hereunder, and any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given (i) upon receipt, if personally delivered or sent by electronic mail, (ii) on the day after dispatch, if sent by overnight courier, and (iii) three (3) days after mailing, if sent by registered or certified mail. 21 9.03 Attorney s Fees . In the event that either party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing party shall be reimbursed by the losing party for all costs, including reasonable attorney s fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein. 9.04 Confidentiality . Each party hereto agrees with the other that, unless and until the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been consummated, it and its representatives will hold in strict confidence all data and information obtained with respect to another party or any subsidiary thereof from any representative, officer, director or employee, or from any books or records or from personal inspection, of such other party, and shall not use such data or information or disclose the same to others, except (i) to the extent such data or information is published, is a matter of public knowledge, or is required by law to be published; or (ii) to the extent that such data or information must be used or disclosed in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event of the termination of this Agreement, each party shall return to the other party all documents and other materials obtained by it or on its behalf and shall destroy all copies, digests, work papers, abstracts or other materials relating thereto, and each party will continue to comply with the confidentiality provisions set forth herein. 9.05 Public Announcements and Filings . Unless required by applicable law or regulatory authority, none of the parties will issue any report, statement or press release to the general public, to the trade, to the general trade or trade press, or to any third party (other than its advisors and representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby) or file any document, relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except as may be mutually agreed by the parties. Copies of any such filings, public announcements or disclosures, including any announcements or disclosures mandated by law or regulatory authorities, shall be delivered to each party at least one (1) business day prior to the release thereof. 9.06 Schedules; Knowledge . Each party is presumed to have full knowledge of all information set forth in the other party s schedules delivered pursuant to this Agreement. 9.07 Third Party Beneficiaries. This contract is strictly between Alltemp and the Company, and, except as specifically provided, no director, officer, stockholder (other than the Shareholders), employee, agent, independent contractor or any other person or entity shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. 9.08 Expenses . Whether or not the Exchange is consummated, each of Alltemp and the Company will bear their own respective expenses, including legal, accounting and professional fees, incurred in connection with the Exchange or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby. 22 9.09 Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, with respect to such subject matter. 9.10 Amendment or Waiver. Every right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether conferred herein, at law, or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no waiver by any party of the performance of any obligation by the other shall be construed as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or existing. This Agreement may by amended only by a writing signed by all parties hereto. 9.11 Survival; Termination. The representations, warranties, and covenants of the respective parties shall survive the Closing Date and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated for a period of one year except that the representation and warranty of the Shareholders in Section 2.01 as to the ownership of the Company Shares shall survive for the period equal to the applicable statute of limitations relating to said matter. 9.12 Best Efforts . Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each party shall use its best efforts to perform or fulfill all conditions and obligations to be performed or fulfilled by it under this Agreement so that the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated as soon as practicable. Each party also agrees that it shall use its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein. 9.13 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. [Signature Page Follows] 23 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. Alltemp, Inc. By: /s/ Ben Hansel Name: Ben Hansel Title: Chief Executive Officer Digi Messaging Advertising Inc. By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Name: Edward C. DeFeudis Title: Chief Executive Officer Shareholders: 30103 South Lake Falls Lane Trust Edward C. DeFeudis /s/ Noreen Bingham /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Name: Noreen Bingham Name: Edward C. DeFeudis Title: Shareholder Title: Shareholder Karolus Maximus, Inc. Brian Heckathorn /s/ Charles Bingham /s/ Brian Heckathorne Name: Charles Bingham Name: Brian Heckathorne Title: Shareholder Title: Shareholder BBB Group, LLC Devin Coughlin /s/ Brendan Battles /s/ Devin Coughlin Name: Brendan Battles Name: Devin Coughlin Title: Shareholder Title: Shareholder 24 Schedule 3.02 Capitalization Pre-Exchange Post-Exchange Common Stock - Alltemp Stockholders 214,077,980 100 159,655,077 21 Series D Preferred Stock - - 600,000 79 Fully Diluted Common Shares Outstanding 214,077,980 - 759,655,077 100 After the return of 31,961,250, 15,004,028 and 11,807,903 from Robert Davis, William J. Lopshire, and the William J. Lopshire Family Trust, respectively 25 Schedule 4.01 Shareholders # of Shares in Alltemp Inc. after the Exchange Name # of Shares in Digi Prior to the Exchange Series D Preferred Stock Common Stock Fully-Diluted 1. Karolus Maximus, Inc. 2,250 67,500 67,500,000 2. Edward C. DeFeudis 5,000 150,000 150,000,000 3. Brian Heckathorne 5,000 150,000 150,000,000 4. BBB Group, LLC 5,000 150,000 150,000,000 5. Devin Coughlin 500 15,000 15,000,000 6. 30103 South Lake Falls Lane Trust 2,250 67,500 67,500,000 Total 20,000 600,000 600,000,000 26 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.2>
 8
 totaligent_ex102.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
 totaligent_ex102.htm EXHIBIT 10.2 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN ALLTEMP, INC. AND EDWARD C. DEFEUDIS This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is dated and effective as of January 1, 2022, by and between Alltemp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), located at 2255 Glades Road Suite 324A Boca Raton, FL 33431 and Edward C. DeFeudis (the Executive ), located at 6254 Brava Way Boca Raton, FL 33433. WHEREAS, Executive has served as Chief Executive Officer of Digi Messaging Advertising, Inc. Digi prior to and since the Company s acquisition of Digi since April 19, 2021, without a formal contract; and WHEREAS, the Company recognizes that the Executive s talents and abilities are unique and critical to the future success of the Company and desires to secure the services of the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to continue to employ the Executive as the President of the Company and Digi, and the Executive hereby accepts and confirms such employment, on the terms and conditions set forth below. 2. Term . The term of this Agreement (the Employment Period shall begin on January 1, 2022 (the Effective Date and end on December 31, 2024. 3. Position and Duties . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall serve as the President of the Company and Digi, with such duties, authority and responsibilities as are normally associated with and appropriate for such positions, including, without limitation, fundraising, developing infrastructure for the growth and maturity of the Company and Digi, and developing plans and objectives to grow and enhance the Company s consolidated revenue by and through the execution of global contracts for the Company s services and products and the acquisition of and strategic transactions with respect to complementary technologies and businesses. The Executive shall report directly to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and also serve as a member of the Board in accordance with the Company s Bylaws. The Executive shall devote substantially all of his working time, attention and energies during normal business hours (other than absences due to illness or vacation) to the performance of his duties for the Company. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall be permitted, to the extent such activities do not substantially interfere with his performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder or violate Section 9(a) or (b) of this Agreement, to (i) manage his personal, financial and legal affairs, (ii) serve on public, civic and charitable boards or committees, and (iii) make personal appearances and lectures, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive and retain all remuneration received by him from the items listed in clauses (i) through (iii) of this paragraph. Executive shall at all times be subject to, observe and carry out such rules, regulations and policies as the Company may from time to time establish including the Company s Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy. Executive further understands that as an officer and director of a company whose shares are registered under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act he is subject to the reporting obligations under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 4. Place of Performance . During the Employment Period, the Company shall maintain executive offices at such location or locations as determined from time to time by the Board, but unless otherwise agreed by Executive in the Boca Raton, Florida area. 5. Compensation and Related Matters . (a) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, the Company shall pay the Executive a base salary at the rate of not less than 180,000 per year Base Salary ), subject to annual increases as approved by the Board. The Executive s Base Salary shall be paid in approximately equal installments in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices. If the Company increases the Executive s Base Salary, such increased Base Salary shall then constitute the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement. (b) Accumulation of Unpaid Base Salary . It is anticipated that the Company will be underfunded for a period of time during the initial phase of operations, resulting in an accumulation of Executive s unpaid Base Salary. Upon the Company receiving adequate funding as determined by the Board of Directors, Executive will be paid all unpaid Base Salary. At the sole option of the Executive, unpaid Base Salary can be exchanged for the issuance of common shares at a price of the lessor of a 30 discount to the 10-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company or 0.02 per share. (c) Discretionary Bonus; Equity Grant . At the sole discretion of the Board, Executive shall be entitled to receive from time to time a cash bonus or grant of securities including stock options or restricted stock as determined by the Board. (d) Business, Travel and Entertainment Expenses . The Company shall promptly reimburse the Executive for all business travel and entertainment expenses pre-approved by the Board and that are consistent with the Executive s titles and the practices in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date. (e) Vacation . The Executive shall be entitled to three weeks of vacation per year. Vacation not taken during the applicable fiscal year (but not in excess of three weeks) shall be carried over to the next following fiscal year. If at any time or times during the term of this Agreement, Executive s accrued vacation time reaches three weeks, no additional vacation time shall accrue until one or more vacation days have been taken by Executive, after which vacation time shall again begin to accrue, subject, however, to the maximum of three weeks accrued vacation time. Executive shall also be entitled to such holidays with full pay as the Company affords its executive employees. (f) Welfare, Pension and Incentive Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive (and his eligible spouse and dependents) shall be entitled to participate in all the welfare benefit plans and programs which may be maintained by the Company and approved by the Board from time to time for the benefit of its senior executives including, without limitation, all medical, hospitalization, dental, disability, accidental death and dismemberment and travel accident insurance plans and programs. In addition, during the Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in all pension, retirement, savings and other employee benefit plans and programs which may be maintained from time to time by the Company and approved by the Board for the benefit of its senior executives, other than any annual cash incentive plan. 2 6. Inventions . All processes, inventions, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and other intangible rights that may be conceived or developed by Executive, either alone or with others, during the term of Executive s employment, whether or not conceived or developed during Executive s working hours, and with respect to which the equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the Company was used, or that relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the business of the Company or to the Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research and development, or that result from any work performed by Executive for the Company, shall be the sole property of the Company. Executive shall disclose to the Company all inventions conceived during the term of employment and for one year thereafter, whether or not the property of the Company under the terms of the preceding sentence, provided that such disclosure shall be received by the Company in confidence. Executive shall execute all documents, including patent applications and assignments, required by the Company to establish the Company s rights under this Section. 7. Termination . The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated during the Employment Period under the following circumstances: (a) Death . The Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon his death. (b) Disability . If, as a result of the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness as determined by a physician selected by the Executive, and reasonably acceptable to the Company, (i) the Executive shall have been substantially unable to perform his duties hereunder for two consecutive months, or for an aggregate of 60 days during any period of twelve consecutive months and (ii) within thirty days after written Notice of Termination is given to the Executive after such two- or twelve- month period, the Executive shall not have returned to the substantial performance of his duties on a full-time basis, the Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for Disability . (c) Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive s employment for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall have Cause to terminate the Executive s employment only upon the Executive s: (i) conviction of a felony or the commission of any act of personal dishonesty, undisclosed conflict of interest, fraud, breach of fiduciary duty or trust involving the Company; or (ii) breach of a material obligation, duty or agreement hereunder (other than such failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness or after the issuance of a Notice of Termination by the Executive for Good Reason) and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after the Company delivers written notice thereof. For purposes of this Section 7(c), Cause shall not exist unless and until the Company has delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by a majority of the Board (excluding the Executive for purposes of determining such majority) at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose after reasonable (but in no event less than fifteen days notice to the Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with his counsel, to be heard before the Board, finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board that Cause exists, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. (d) Good Reason . The Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason after giving the Company detailed written notice thereof, if the Company shall have failed to cure the event or circumstance constituting Good Reason within thirty business days after receiving such notice. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the written consent of the Executive or his approval in his capacity as a member of the Board: 3 (i) the assignment to the Executive of duties inconsistent with this Agreement or a change in his titles or authority; (ii) any failure by the Company to comply with Section 5 hereof in any material way after Executive provides written notice to the Board, as hereinafter described, and the failure by the Company to cure any such alleged material non-compliance within thirty (30) days after receipt of the written notice; (iii) the requirement of the Executive to relocate to locations other than those provided in Section 4 hereof; or (iv) any material breach of this Agreement by the Company after Executive provides written notice to the Board, as hereinafter described, and the failure by the Company to cure any such alleged material breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of the written notice. The Executive s right to terminate his employment hereunder for Good Reason shall not be affected by his incapacity due to physical or mental illness. The Executive s continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act constituting Good Reason hereunder. (e) Without Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive s employment hereunder without Cause by providing the Executive with a Notice of Termination. (f) Without Good Reason . The Executive shall have the right to terminate his employment hereunder without Good Reason by providing the Company with a Notice of Termination. 8. Termination Procedure . (a) Notice of Termination . Any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company or by the Executive during the Employment Period (other than pursuant to Section 7(a)) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under that provision. (b) Date of Termination . Date of Termination shall mean (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death, (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Section 7(b), thirty (30) days after the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination (provided that the Executive does not return to the substantial performance of his duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), and (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated for any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or any later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice) set forth in such Notice of Termination. 9. Compensation Upon Termination or During Disability . In the event the Executive is disabled or his employment terminates during the Employment Period, the Company shall provide the Executive with the payments and benefits set forth below. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the payments set forth in this Section 8 constitute liquidated damages for termination of his employment during the Employment Period. 4 (a) Termination By Company without Cause or By Executive for Good Reason . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than Disability) or by the Executive for Good Reason: (i) the Company shall pay to the Executive, on or before the Date of Termination, a lump sum payment equal to six months of the Executives then-current annual Base Salary, if any, and all accrued vacation pay through the Date of Termination; (ii) the Company shall, consistent with past practice, reimburse the Executive pursuant to Section 5(c) for business expenses incurred but not paid prior to such termination of employment; (iii) the Executive shall be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or benefits as may be due to the Executive in accordance with the terms and provisions of any agreements, plans or programs of the Company (other than any severance-based plan or program). (iv) there shall be no further obligations hereunder. The payments and benefits provided for as clause (i) and (ii) above are hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations . (b) Cause or By Executive Without Good Reason . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by the Executive other than for Good Reason, then the Company shall provide the Executive with his then-current monthly Base Salary through and including the Date of Termination and shall have no further obligation to the Executive hereunder. (c) Disability . During any period that the Executive fails to perform his duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness Disability Period ), the Executive shall continue to receive his annual Base Salary for a one year period, if any, set forth in Section 5(a) until his employment is terminated pursuant to Section 7(b). In the event the Executive s employment is terminated for Disability pursuant to Section 7(b), the Company shall provide the Executive with the excess, if any, of his then-current Base Salary for a period of six months, less any amounts of any long-term disability benefits that he receives under any Company welfare benefit plans and programs, payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company, for the remaining six month period and shall have no further obligations to the Executive hereunder. (d) Death . If the Executive s employment is terminated by his death, the Company shall provide to the Executive s beneficiary, legal representatives or estate, as the case may be, the Executive s then-current Base Salary through and including the date of Executive s death and shall have no further obligations hereunder. 10. Confidential Information; Non-Competition; Nonsolicitation . (a) Confidential Information . Except as may be required or appropriate in connection with his carrying out his duties under this Agreement, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or any legal process, or as is necessary in connection with any adversarial proceeding against the Company (in which case the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in obtaining a protective order at the Company s expense against disclosure by a court of competent jurisdiction), communicate, to anyone other than the Company and those designated by the Company or on behalf of the Company in the furtherance of its business or to perform his duties hereunder, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company and its businesses and investments, obtained by the Executive during the Executive s employment by the Company that is not generally available public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive in violation of this Agreement). 5 (b) Noncompetition . During the Employment Period and until the 12-month anniversary of the Executive s Date of Termination if the Company terminates the Executive s employment for Cause or the Executive terminates employment without Good Reason, the Executive shall not engage in or become associated with any Competitive Activity. For purposes of this Section 9(b), a Competitive Activity shall mean any business or other endeavor that engages in any country in which the Company has significant business operations as of the Date of Termination to a significant degree in a business that directly competes with all or any substantial part of the Company s business (the Business provided, that, a Competitive Activity shall not include (i) any speaking engagement to the extent such speaking engagement does not promote or endorse a product or service of the Business, or (ii) the writing of any book or article relating to subjects other than the Business (e.g., nonfiction relating to the Executive s career or general business advice). The Executive shall be considered to have become associated with a Competitive Activity if he becomes involved as an owner, employee, officer, director, manager, independent contractor, agent, partner, advisor, or in any other capacity calling for the rendition of the Executive s personal services, with any individual, partnership, corporation or other organization that is engaged in a Competitive Activity and his involvement relates to a significant extent to the Competitive Activity of such entity; provided, however, that the Executive shall not be prohibited from (a) owning less than one percent (1 of any publicly traded corporation, whether or not such corporation is in competition with the Company or (b) serving as a director of a corporation or other entity the primary business of which is not a Competitive Activity. If, at any time, the provisions of this Section 9(b) shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, by reason of being vague or unreasonable as to area, duration or scope of activity, this Section 9(b) shall be considered divisible and shall become and be immediately amended to only such area, duration and scope of activity as shall be determined to be reasonable and enforceable by the court or other body having jurisdiction over the matter; and the Executive agrees that this Section 9(b) as so amended shall be valid and binding as though any invalid or unenforceable provision had not been included herein. (c) Nonsolicitation . During the Employment Period, and for 12 months after the Executive s Date of Termination if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or the Executive terminates employment without Good Reason, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment by other than the Company any person (other than any personal secretary or assistant hired to work directly for the Executive) employed by the Company or its affiliated companies, nor will the Executive, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment by other than the Company any person known by the Executive (after reasonable inquiry) to be employed at the time by the Company or its affiliated companies. (d) Injunctive Relief . In the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Section 9, the Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction to remedy any such breach or threatened breach, the Executive acknowledging that damages would be inadequate and insufficient. 6 11. Indemnification . (a) General . The Company agrees that if the Executive is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a trustee, director or officer of the Company, or any affiliates or is or was serving at the request of the Company, or any of its affiliates as a trustee, director, officer, member, employee or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or other enterprise, including, without limitation, service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether or not the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a trustee, director, officer, member, employee or agent while serving as a trustee, director, officer, member, employee or agent, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all Expenses incurred or suffered by the Executive in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to the Executive even if the Executive has ceased to be an officer, director, trustee or agent, or is no longer employed by the Company and shall inure to the benefit of his heirs, executors and administrators. (b) Expenses . As used in this Agreement, the term Expenses shall include, without limitation, damages, losses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, excise taxes, settlements, and costs, attorneys fees, accountants fees, and disbursements and costs of attachment or similar bonds, investigations, and any expenses of establishing a right to indemnification under this Agreement. (c) Enforcement . If a claim or request under this Section 10 is not paid by the Company or on its behalf, within thirty (30) days after a written claim or request has been received by the Company, the Executive may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Company to recover the unpaid amount of the claim or request and if successful in whole or in part, the Executive shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses of prosecuting such suit. All obligations for indemnification hereunder shall be subject to, and paid in accordance with, applicable Delaware law. (d) Partial Indemnification . If the Executive is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of any Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Executive for the portion of such Expenses to which the Executive is entitled. (e) Advances of Expenses . Expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with any Proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance upon request of the Executive that the Company pay such Expenses, but only in the event that the Executive shall have delivered in writing to the Company (i) an undertaking to reimburse the Company for Expenses with respect to which the Executive is not entitled to indemnification and (ii) a statement of his good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company has been met. (f) Notice of Claim . The Executive shall give to the Company notice of any claim made against him for which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement. In addition, the Executive shall give the Company such information and cooperation as it may reasonably require and as shall be within the Executive's power and at such times and places as are convenient for the Executive. (g) Defense of Claim . With respect to any Proceeding as to which the Executive notifies the Company of the commencement thereof: (i) The Company will be entitled to participate therein at its own expense; (ii) Except as otherwise provided below, to the extent that it may wish, the Company will be entitled to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Executive, which in the Company s sole discretion may be regular counsel to the Company and may be counsel to other officers and directors of the Company or any subsidiary. The Executive also shall have the right to employ his own counsel in such action, suit or proceeding if he reasonably concludes that failure to do so would involve a conflict of interest between the Company and the Executive, and under such circumstances the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company. 7 (iii) The Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Executive under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. The Company shall not settle any action or claim in any manner which would impose any penalty that would not be paid directly or indirectly by the Company or limitation on the Executive without the Executive s written consent. Neither the Company nor the Executive will unreasonably withhold or delay their consent to any proposed settlement. (h) Non-exclusivity . The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Section 10 shall not be exclusive of any other right which the Executive may have or hereafter may acquire under any statute or certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or any subsidiary, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or trustees or otherwise. 12. Legal Fees and Expenses . If any contest or dispute shall arise between the Company and the Executive regarding any provision of this Agreement, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for all legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by the Executive in connection with such contest or dispute, but only if the Executive prevails to a substantial extent with respect to the Executive s claims brought and pursued in connection with such contest or dispute. Such reimbursement shall be made as soon as practicable following the resolution of such contest or dispute (whether or not appealed) to the extent the Company receives reasonable written evidence of such fees and expenses. 13. Successors; Binding Agreement . (a) Company s Successors . No rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred, except that the Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall include any successor to its business and/or assets (by merger, purchase or otherwise) which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 12 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. (b) Executive s Successors . No rights or obligations of the Executive under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by the Executive other than his rights to payments or benefits hereunder, which may be transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Upon the Executive s death, this Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s beneficiary or beneficiaries, personal or legal representatives, or estate, to the extent any such person succeeds to the Executive s interests under this Agreement. If the Executive should die following his Date of Termination while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder if he had continued to live, all such amounts unless otherwise provided herein shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to such person or persons so appointed in writing by the Executive, or otherwise to his legal representatives or estate. 14. Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered either personally or by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 8 If to the Executive: At his residence address most recently filed with the Company. If to the Company: 2255 Glades Road Suite 324A Boca Raton, FL 33431 or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the others in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 15. Miscellaneous . No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company, and such waiver is set forth in writing and signed by the party to be charged. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder of this Agreement shall survive the Executive s termination of employment and the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. Except or otherwise provided in Section 10 hereof, the validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 16. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 17. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 18. Entire Agreement . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereto in respect of such subject matter. Any prior agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein is hereby terminated and canceled. 19. Withholding . All payments hereunder shall be subject to any required withholding of Federal, state and local taxes pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 20. Section Headings . The section headings in this Employment Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they form no part of this Agreement and shall not affect its interpretation. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 9 [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] ALLTEMP, INC. By: /Edward C. DeFeudis/ Edward C. DeFeudis Its: President Ben Hansel /Ben Hansel/ Its: Director 10 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 totaligent_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Edward C. DeFeudis, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Totaligent, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 totaligent_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Edward C. DeFeudis, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Totaligent, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 totaligent_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Totaligent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Edward C. DeFeudis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 totaligent_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Totaligent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 ltmp-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 ltmp-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ltmp-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 ltmp-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

