<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241206_10-K_edgar_data_1133062_0001140361-24-048684.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11307216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>314574</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2429941</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3031871</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2734843</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2311037</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-24-048684.hdr.sgml : 20241206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241206170056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-24-048684
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JANEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001133062
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				861005291
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-60608
		FILM NUMBER:		241533055

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 EIGHTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-527-3800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 EIGHTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JANEL WORLD TRADE LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WINE SYSTEMS DESIGN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-24-048684.txt : 20241206

10-K
 1
 ef20034565_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________ to _________.

Commission file number: 

ORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code

) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

None

None

None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Title of Class 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to
 Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
 any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value Common Stock ), held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sales
 price of the Common Stock on the Pink tier of the OTC market on March 31, 2024, was .

The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of December 6, 2024 was .

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

PART I 

2 

ITEM 1

BUSINESS 

2 

ITEM 1A

RISK FACTORS 

7 

ITEM 1B

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

20 

ITEM 1C

CYBERSECURITY 

21 

ITEM 2

PROPERTIES 

22

ITEM 3

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

22 

ITEM 4

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

22 

PART II 

23

ITEM 5

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

23 

ITEM 6

RESERVED 

23 

ITEM 7

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

23 

ITEM 7A

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

34 

ITEM 8

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

34 

ITEM 9

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

34 

ITEM 9A

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

34 

ITEM 9B

OTHER INFORMATION 

35

ITEM 9C

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

35

PART III 

36 

ITEM 10

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

36 

ITEM 11

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

41 

ITEM 12

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

43 

ITEM 13

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

45

ITEM 14

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

45

PART IV 

46 

ITEM 15

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

46 

ITEM 16

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

49

SIGNATURES 

50 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Report") contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
 Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward looking statements may generally be identified using the words may, will, intends, plans, projects, believes, should, expects, 
 predicts, anticipates, estimates, and similar expressions or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are necessarily estimates reflecting management s best judgment based upon current information
 and involve several risks, uncertainties and assumptions. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and readers are advised that various factors, including,
 but not limited to, those set forth elsewhere in this Report, could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from those anticipated or projected. While it is impossible to
 identify all such factors, such factors include, but are not limited to, our strategy of expanding our business through acquisitions of other businesses we may be required to record a significant change to earnings related to the impairment
 of acquired assets; we may fail to realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition, or we may spend resources exploring acquisitions that are not consummated risks associated with litigation and indemnification
 claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities that may arise from an acquisition changes in tax rates, laws or regulations and our ability to utilize anticipated tax benefits; the impact of rising interest rates on our investments,
 business and operations; conflicts of interest with the minority shareholders of our business; we may not have sufficient working capital to continue operations we may lose customers who are not obligated to long-term contracts to transact
 with us; changes or developments in U.S. laws or policies, including the potential imposition of tariffs; competition from companies with greater financial resources and from companies that operate in areas in which we plan to expand our
 dependence on technically skilled employees impacts from climate change, including the increased focus by third-parties on sustainability issues and our ability to comply therewith; the impact of evolving corporate governance and public
 disclosure regulation; competition from parties who sell their businesses to us and from professionals who cease working for us terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war security breaches or cybersecurity attacks; the impact of
 catastrophic events, such as health crises, natural disasters and armed conflict; the level of our insurance coverage, including related to product and other liability risks; our compliance with applicable privacy, security and data laws 
 risks related to the diverse platforms and geographies that host our management information and financial reporting systems; our dependence on the availability of cargo space from third parties the impact of claims arising from
 transportation of freight by the carriers with which we contract, including an increase in premium costs; the impact of higher carrier prices; risks related to the classification of owner-operators in the transportation industry; recessions,
 economic developments and other events affecting the volume of international trade and international operations risks arising from our ability to comply with governmental permit and licensing requirements or statutory and regulatory
 requirements the impact of seasonal trends and other factors beyond our control on our Logistics business changes in governmental regulations applicable to our Life Sciences business the ability of our Life Sciences business to continually
 produce products that meet high-quality standards such as purity, reproducibility and/or absence of cross-reactivity the ability of our Life Sciences business to maintain, determine the scope of and defend its and its competitors 
 intellectual property rights; the impact of pressures in the life sciences industry to increase the predictability of or reduce healthcare costs; any decrease in the availability, or increase in the cost or supply shortages, of raw materials
 used by Indco risks arising from the environmental, health and safety regulations applicable to Indco; the reliance of our Indco business on a single location to manufacture their products the controlling influence exerted by a small number
 of our stockholders the unlikelihood that we will issue dividends in the foreseeable future and risks related to ownership of our common stock, including share price volatility, the lack of a guaranteed continued public trading market for
 our common stock, our ability to issue shares of preferred stock with greater rights than our common stock and costs related to maintaining our status as a public company; and such other factors that may be identified from time to time in our
 Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings including those set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Part 1 Item 1A of this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions
 prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those projected. You should not place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly
 update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

Our Business

Janel Corporation Janel, the Company or the Registrant is a holding company with subsidiaries in three business segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company
 strives to create shareholder value primarily through three strategic priorities: supporting its businesses efforts to make investments and to build long-term profits allocating Janel s capital at high risk-adjusted rates of return and
 attracting and retaining exceptional talent.

Management at the Janel holding company focuses on significant capital allocation decisions, corporate governance and supporting Janel s
 subsidiaries where appropriate. Janel expects to grow through its subsidiaries organic growth and by completing acquisitions. We plan to either acquire businesses within our existing segments or expand our portfolio into new strategic
 segments. Our acquisition strategy focuses on reasonably priced companies with strong and capable management teams, attractive existing business economics and stable and predictable earnings power.

Janel was incorporated on August 31, 2000 and is domiciled in the state of Nevada. Its corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York.

As of September 30, 2024, Janel and its consolidated subsidiaries employed 334 full-time employees in the United States. None of these employees is covered by a collective bargaining
 agreement. Janel and its subsidiaries have experienced no work stoppages and consider relations with their employees to be good. Successful execution of our strategy is dependent on attracting, developing and retaining key employees and
 members of our management team. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. We continuously evaluate, modify and enhance our internal processes and technologies to
 increase employee engagement, productivity, efficiency opportunities, skills and resources needed for success.

Our Business Segments

We have three reportable segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The following provides greater detail regarding each of these segments.

Logistics

The Company s Logistics segment is comprised of several wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Logistics segment is a non-asset based, full-service provider of cargo transportation logistics
 management services, including freight forwarding via air, ocean and land-based carriers; customs brokerage services; warehousing and distribution services; trucking and other value-added logistics services. In addition to these revenue
 streams, the Company earns accessorial revenues in connection with its core services. Accessorial revenues include, but are not limited to, fuel service charges, wait time fees, hazardous cargo fees, labor charges, handling, cartage,
 bonding and additional labor charges.

On June 5, 2024, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired a majority ownership position in Airschott , a
 non-asset-based freight forwarder and customs broker. At closing, the Company purchased 80 of the outstanding stock of Airschott. The Company also agreed to purchase the remaining 20 of Airschott stock in three years subject to
 certain closing conditions. 

Life Sciences

The Company s Life Sciences segment is comprised of several wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company s Life Sciences segment manufactures and distributes antibodies as well as research and
 diagnostic reagents for, and provides custom services to academic, non-profit and commercial customers.

On November 1, 2022, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of ImmunoBioScience Corporation, which we include in our Life Sciences
 segment.

On March 2, 2023, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of Stephen Hall, PhD Ltd., which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

On May 22, 2023, the Company acquired all the rights, title and interests to a royalty agreement for certain antibody products, which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

2 

Table of Contents 

On February 1, 2024, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of ViraQuest Inc., which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

Manufacturing

The Company s Manufacturing segment is comprised of Indco, Inc. Indco ). Indco is a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company that manufactures and distributes mixing equipment and
 apparatuses for specific applications within various industries. Indco s customer base is comprised of small- to mid-sized businesses as well as other larger customers for which Indco fulfills repetitive production orders.

Investment in Marketable Securities - Rubicon

As of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2024, the Company owned 1,108,000 shares or approximately 46.6 , of the common stock of Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon ). Rubicon is an
 advanced materials provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial systems. The purpose of our investment in Rubicon was for Janel to acquire a significant ownership interest in Rubicon,
 together with representation on Rubicon s Board, in an attempt to (i) restructure the Rubicon business to achieve profitability and (ii) assist Rubicon in utilizing its net operating loss carry-forward assets. Our investment involves
 risks and uncertainties are discussed herein under Item 1A, Risk Factors.

Logistics

The Company s Logistics segment helps clients move and manage freight efficiently to reduce inventories and to increase supply chain speed and reliability. Key services include customs entry
 filing; arrangement of freight forwarding by air, ocean and ground; warehousing; cargo insurance procurement; logistics planning; product repackaging; online shipment tracking and hazardous material warehousing and distribution.

Our Logistics segment earns flat fees for certain services, such as customs entry filing. For brokered services, Logistics earns the difference between the rate charged by a service provider
 and the rate Logistics charges the customer for the provider s service. Its freight consolidation activities, in addition to on-going volume-based relationships with providers, allow Logistics to command preferred service rates that can be
 passed on profitably to the customer.

As a non-asset-based logistics provider, we own only a minimal amount of equipment. We generally expect to neither own nor operate any material transportation assets and, consequently, arrange
 for transportation of our customers shipments via trucking companies, commercial airlines, air cargo carriers, railroads, ocean carriers and other non-asset based third-party providers. By not owning the transportation equipment used to
 transport the freight, which results in relatively minimal fixed operating costs, we are able to leverage our network of locations to offer competitive pricing and flexible solutions to our customers. Moreover, our balanced product offering
 provides us with revenue streams from multiple sources and enables us to retain customers even as they shift across various modes of transportation. We believe our low capital intensity model allows us to provide low-cost solutions to our
 customers, operate our business with strong cash flow characteristics and retain significant flexibility in responding to changing industries and economic conditions.

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, Logistics handled approximately 151,200 individual import and export shipments originating or terminating in countries around the world.
 Approximately 46 of the revenues from these activities related to trucking, 25 to ocean freight, 17 to air freight, with the remainder of 12 to customs brokerage and other.

Based upon revenues, our customers are diverse, with the largest individual customer accounting for about 2.2 of revenues and the top ten customers accounting for 17.4 of revenues during
 fiscal 2024.

As of September 30, 2024, our Logistics segment operated out of twenty-seven full-service locations in the United States and maintained a network of independent agent relationships in many
 trading countries, giving it the ability to provide a global service to its clients.

Each office is responsible for its growth and profitability. Logistics management helps the offices as needed with efforts such as human resources, maintaining a common information technology
 platform and centralized accounting services. Our growth strategy includes servicing existing customers well and acquiring more of their business, hiring new people who can grow our company and adding new companies or services through
 acquisitions.

3 

Table of Contents 

The logistics industry is highly fragmented, with low barriers to entry and intense competition. Our Logistics segment competes against providers ranging in size from mom-and-pop businesses
 to multi-national firms with hundreds of offices worldwide. Many of our Logistics customers utilize more than one logistics provider.

The freight forwarding industry requires dealings in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. As a result, our Logistics segment is exposed to the inherent risks of international currency
 markets and governmental interference. Some countries in which the Logistics segment maintains agent relationships have currency control regulations that influence our ability to hedge foreign currency exposure. Logistics tries to manage
 these exposures by accelerating international currency settlements among those agents.

Historically, the quarterly operating results of the Logistics segment have been subject to seasonal trends. The fiscal third and fourth quarters have traditionally been the strongest, and the
 fiscal second quarter has traditionally been the weakest. This pattern has been the result of, or influenced by, numerous factors including climate, national holidays, consumer demand, economic conditions and other similar and subtle
 forces.

A significant portion of Logistics segment revenues are derived from customers in industries with shipping patterns tied to consumer demand and/or just-in-time production schedules. Many
 Logistics customers may ship a significant portion of their goods at or near the end of a quarter. Therefore, the timing of revenues is, to a large degree, affected by factors beyond the segment s control, such as shifting consumer demand
 for retail goods and manufacturing production delays. We cannot accurately forecast many of these factors, nor can we estimate the relative impact of any given factor. Therefore, historical patterns experienced may not continue in the
 future.

Government Regulation

Interstate and international transportation of freight is highly regulated. Failure to comply with applicable state and federal regulations, or to maintain required permits or licenses, can
 result in substantial fines or revocation of operating permits or authorities imposed on both transportation intermediaries and their shipper customers. We cannot give assurance as to the degree or cost of future regulations on our
 business. Some of the regulations affecting our current and prospective operations are described below.

Logistics is a customs broker licensed and permitted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP ). All U.S. customs brokers are required to maintain prescribed records and are subject to
 periodic audits by CBP. Logistics is a registered Ocean Transportation Intermediary OTI and is licensed as a non-vessel operating common carrier NVOCC by the Federal Maritime Commission FMC ). The FMC has established certain
 qualifications for shipping agents, including certain surety bonding requirements. We also operate as a Transportation Security Administration TSA certified Indirect Air Carrier IAC ), providing air freight services, subject to
 commercial standards set forth by the International Air Transport Association IATA and federal regulations issued by the Transportation Security Administration.

Air freight forwarding operations are subject to regulation, as an indirect air cargo carrier, under the Federal Aviation Act, as enforced by the Federal Aviation Administration of the U.S.
 Department of Transportation and the Transportation Security Administration of the Department of Homeland Security. While air freight forwarders are exempted from most of the Federal Aviation Act s requirements by the Economic Aviation
 Regulations, the industry is subject to ongoing regulatory and legislative developments that can impact the economics of the industry by requiring changes to operating practices or influencing the demand for, and the costs of, providing
 services to customers.

Surface freight forwarding operations are subject to various state and federal statutes and are regulated by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration of the U.S. Department of
 Transportation and, to a very limited extent, the Surface Transportation Board. These federal agencies have broad investigatory and regulatory powers, including the power to issue a certificate of authority or license to engage in the
 business; to approve specified mergers, consolidations and acquisitions; and to regulate the delivery of some types of domestic shipments and operations within particular geographic areas.

The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration also has the authority to regulate interstate motor carrier operations, including the regulation of certain rates, charges and accounting
 systems; to require periodic financial reporting; and to regulate insurance, driver qualifications, operation of motor vehicles, parts and accessories for motor vehicle equipment, hours of service of drivers, inspection, repair, maintenance
 standards and other safety related matters. The federal laws governing interstate motor carriers have both direct and indirect application to the Company. The breadth and scope of the federal regulations may affect our operations and the
 motor carriers that are used in the provisioning of the transportation services. In certain locations, state or local permits or registrations may also be required to provide or obtain intrastate motor carrier services.

Risk Management and Insurance

As a property freight broker, we are not legally liable for loss or damage to our customers cargo. In our customer contracts, we may agree to assume cargo liability up to a stated maximum.

4 

Table of Contents 

We typically do not assume cargo liability above minimum industry standards in our international freight forwarding, ocean transportation or air freight businesses on international or domestic
 air shipments. With regards to international freight forwarding, ocean transportation and international domestic air freight shipments, we offer our customers the option to purchase shippers insurance coverage to insure goods in transit.
 When we agree to store goods for our customers for longer terms, we provide limited warehouseman s coverage to our customers and typically contract for warehousing services from companies that provide us with the same degree of coverage.

We maintain a broad cargo liability insurance policy to help protect us against catastrophic losses that may not be recovered from the responsible contracted carrier. We also carry various
 liability insurance policies, including automobile and general liability, with an umbrella policy.

Life Sciences

The Company s Life Sciences segment manufactures and distributes antibodies as well as research and diagnostic reagents for, and provides custom services to academic, non-profit and commercial
 customers.

Our Life Sciences segment also produces products for life science companies on an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) basis. Through a combined portfolio of nearly 3,000 products and a range
 of custom services, the Life Sciences segment provides the scientific community with high-quality tools to support critical research efforts.

Our Life Sciences segment is based in Davis, California on an owned 40-acre facility and three other
 leased locations in the U.S. Our growth strategy is to place high-quality products in the hands of more researchers to accelerate scientific discovery. 

Our growth strategies include:

Product innovation : By working with key researchers and scientific organizations, we seek to develop new products to enhance the range of tools available and
 thereby expand the capabilities of life science researchers.

Operational improvement : We continue to enhance our operational designs and processes to be more efficient, which supports higher profitability and enables us to
 devote more resources to investments in growth and innovation.

Attract and retain exceptional talent : High-quality scientists enable our top-quality products and services to be offered, which are key to our reputation in the
 marketplace.

Acquisitions and investments : We intend to grow by acquiring new businesses with high-quality reputations that will benefit from our combined innovational and
 operational strength.

Customers and distribution methods: We sell our biotechnology products directly to customers, principally direct through our website or distributors. Some of our
 customers utilize our scientific expertise and production capabilities and purchase our products and re-label them. Our reputation for quality products is critical to our ability to attract new customers for both our products and
 services.

Broad product offering: A number of companies supply protein-related research and diagnostic reagents. Customers choose their products based upon product quality,
 reputation and price. We believe a number of our products have long-standing reputations and that our portfolio overall is well-regarded, especially amongst the academic, diagnostic and pharmaceutical research community.

Manufacturing: Our antibodies are produced using a variety of technologies including traditional animal immunization and hybridoma technology as well as
 recombinant antibody techniques. We are not dependent on key or sole source suppliers for most of our products, as we typically have several outside sources for all critical raw materials necessary for the manufacture of our
 products.

The majority of our life science products are shipped within two days of receipt of customers orders. Consequently, we typically do not maintain a significant backlog of orders for our Life
 Sciences segment products.

5 

Table of Contents 

Our Life Sciences segment is subject to regulation. One of our subsidiaries, Antibodies, Inc., maintains International Organization of Standardization certification for medical devices to
 support our manufacturing operation. We also comply with regulations related to the United States Department of Agriculture, National Institutes of Health, Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare and the United States Food and Drug
 Administration. Many of our customers are regulated and must verify our compliance with their standards throughout the supply chain, which requires us to maintain careful records. The failure to comply with these regulations may impair our
 ability to compete in the marketplace.

Manufacturing

The Company s Manufacturing segment is composed of Indco, which is a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company that manufactures and distributes mixing equipment and apparatuses for specific
 applications within various industries. Indco s headquarters and manufacturing operations are located in a single owned facility in New Albany, Indiana.

Indco provides solutions for the mixing needs of customers operating in diverse industries, including chemicals, inks, paints, construction, plastics, adhesives, cosmetics, food and
 pharmaceuticals. Solutions include standard product configurations, both manufactured and distributed, available for order from Indco s website and its print catalog, which is mailed quarterly. In addition, Indco manufactures
 custom-designed mixing solutions that Indco helps specify, design, machine, assemble and distribute. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, Indco made approximately 3,900 individual shipments to customers. In fiscal 2024,
 approximately 86 of Indco s revenues came from manufacturing activity. The remainder of its revenues came from non-manufactured product distribution activity. Indco s revenues are generally level throughout the year with little
 seasonality.

Indco relies on a variety of providers of raw materials, mechanical components and other services in order to manufacture its products. These providers include national and multi-national
 suppliers for common industrial components such as motors, gear drives, motor controls and many other standard hardware products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers provide Indco-specific parts such as castings and fabricated metal
 components. Raw materials, primarily steel bars, plates and shafts, are sourced from domestic steel mills through local distributors. Alternative or substantially similar options are available from suppliers other than those Indco currently
 employs. While custom cast or fabricated parts are at greater risk of supply interruption, alternative equivalent suppliers are typically available.

Our growth strategy within the industrial mixer business is to enhance our reputation as a high-quality manufacturer of often customized products to meet specialized mixing needs. Indco s
 products are frequently utilized in mission-critical applications, making our high-quality and strong service offering highly valuable to our customers. Our growth strategy includes keeping our direct relationship with the customer relevant
 through our web presence, introducing new relevant products and expanding our reach into new and existing markets with sales efforts and partners.

The industrial mixer manufacturing industry is highly fragmented with low barriers to entry. Indco competes with companies of all sizes based on a combination of pricing, lead-times, service,
 quality and ability to reach customers through internet presence and catalog circulation.

Government regulation directly governing Indco s industrial mixer product line is minimal. Changing energy efficiency standards, however, as mandated by the Department of Energy, can, over
 time, affect electric motor manufacturers whose products are used by Indco. Historically, these changes have resulted in only minor changes to our product line.

Indco is subject to U.S. federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise for the protection of the environment. Although current
 operations have not been significantly affected by compliance with these environmental laws, the Company cannot predict what impact future environmental regulations may have on Indco. Indco does not anticipate making any material capital
 expenditures for environmental control purposes during the remainder of the current or succeeding fiscal years.

Additional information with respect to Janel s business

Our principal executive offices and corporate headquarters are located at 80 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011, and our telephone number is (212) 373-5895.

We disclose information to the public concerning Janel, Janel s products, content and services and other items through our website in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of
 information to the public. Some of the information distributed through this channel may be considered material information. For information concerning Janel and its products, content and services, please visit http://www.janelcorp.com ). 

This corporate website and the contents thereof are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K nor deemed filed with the SEC.

6 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with an evaluation of the Company s business and any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 elsewhere. See the section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements set forth above. Any of the following risks or others discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the Company s other SEC filings could
 materially adversely affect the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. An investment in Janel s common stock is subject to risks inherent to the Company s business. The material risks and uncertainties that
 management believes affect Janel are described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair the Company s business operations.

Risk Factors Related to Janel s Growth Strategy 

Janel s strategy of expanding its business through acquisitions of other businesses presents special risks.

We expect to grow our businesses in part by completing acquisitions, either through acquisitions of businesses within our existing segments or the expansion of our portfolio into new segments.
 In either case:

our financial condition may not be sufficient to support the funding needs of an expansion program;

we may not be able to successfully identify suitable investment opportunities;

acquisitions that we undertake may not be successfully consummated or enhance profitability; or

expansion opportunities may not be available to us upon reasonable terms.

There may be a limited number of operating companies available for acquisition that we deem to be desirable targets. At times, there may be a limited number of operating companies available for acquisition
 and fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an acquisition. We may compete with entities whose financial resources, technical expertise
 and managerial capabilities are significantly greater than ours. Therefore, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in negotiating and executing possible acquisitions. Even if we are successful in a competitive bidding process for an
 acquisition, this competition may affect the terms of completed transactions, and, as a result, we may pay more or receive less favorable terms than we expected for potential acquisitions.

In addition, even if we are able to successfully compete with these entities, we expect future acquisitions to encounter risks similar to those that past acquisitions have encountered, such as:

difficulty in assimilating/integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses;

potential disruption of our or the target s ongoing business;

inability to realize the projected operational and financial benefits from the acquisition or to maximize financial and strategic benefits through the incorporation of acquired personnel and clients, particularly in a high
 interest environment;

difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;

impairment of relationships with employees and clients resulting from integration of the newly acquired company;

strain on managerial and operational resources as management tries to oversee larger operations;

significantly increased need for working capital to operate the acquired companies; and

exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies.

Furthermore, management s attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. We may be required to dedicate additional management and other resources to newly
 acquired businesses.

Additionally, should we acquire a new line of business in which we have no operating history, the success of such a new business cannot be assured. If an acquired entity is not efficiently or completely
 integrated, there may be a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

7 

Table of Contents 

Janel may be required to record a significant change to earnings if its goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets, or other investments, become impaired, which
 could have a material adverse effect on the company s financial condition and/or stock price.

Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets and
 other assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying value of such assets may no longer be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of
 goodwill, amortizable intangible assets and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate, actual or projected operating results affecting us or any of our particular segments, and a
 decline in the financial condition of our business. If our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired in the future, we may be required to record additional charges to earnings. Such charges would have a
 material adverse effect on our financial results.

Janel might fail to realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition it undertakes, or it may spend resources exploring acquisitions that are
 not consummated.

Due to our acquisition strategy, we face a number of risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We might not achieve our expected return on investment or may lose capital.
 Furthermore, we may be materially adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume from an acquired business, including from that business s known and unknown obligations, intellectual property or other assets, terminated employees,
 current or former clients or other third parties.

In addition, we may fail to identify or adequately assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring, investing in or partnering with a company, including
 potential exposure to regulatory sanctions or liabilities resulting from an acquired business s previous activities, internal controls and security environment. If any of these circumstances occurs, they could result in unexpected legal
 or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes or other adverse effects on our business and operations.

Litigation, indemnification claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities may arise from the acquisition or operation of acquired businesses.

We may face litigation or other claims as a result of certain terms and conditions of our acquisition agreements, stock purchase agreements, tender offers and other agreements to purchase equity interests
 in target companies, such as earnout payments or closing net asset adjustments. Alternatively, shareholder litigation may arise as a result of proposed acquisitions. Acquired businesses may have liabilities, or be subject to claims,
 litigation, or investigations that we did not anticipate or which exceed our estimates at the time of the acquisition. Any litigation relating to a potential acquisition will increase expenses associated with the acquisition or cause a
 delay in completing the acquisition, which may impact our profitability. Litigation related to acquisitions would also divert management time and resources. We may experience disruptions that could have a material adverse effect on our
 business and operations, especially where an acquisition target may have pre-existing compliance issues or deficiencies, or material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting.

Our subsidiaries may not be able to fully utilize their tax benefits, which could result in increased cash payments for taxes in future periods.

Net operating losses NOLs may be carried forward to offset federal and state taxable income in future years and reduce the amount of cash paid for income taxes otherwise payable on such taxable income,
 subject to certain limits and adjustments. If fully utilized, the NOLs and other carryforwards of our minority-owned investment could provide our subsidiaries with significant tax savings in future periods. Our subsidiaries ability to
 utilize these tax benefits in future years will depend upon their ability to generate sufficient taxable income and to comply with the rules relating to the preservation and use of NOLs, as well as potential future changes in tax laws.
 The potential benefit of the NOLs and other carryforwards may be limited or permanently lost as a result of the following:

a change in control of our subsidiaries that would trigger limitations on the amount of taxable income in future years that may be offset by NOLs and other carryforwards that existed prior to the change in control; and

examinations and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities could reduce the amount of NOLs and other credit carryforwards that are available for future years.

Our actions may have an impact on the NOL s of our minority-owned investment. The inability to use these NOLs, or the diminution in value of such NOLs, could have a material adverse effect on our business
 and operations.

8 

Table of Contents 

Rising interest rates may negatively impact our investments and have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory
 agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates with total increases of 450 basis points since March 2022, although rates have decreased by 75 basis points in the second half of
 2024. Changes in interest rates could have an adverse impact on our business by increasing the cost of borrowing, affecting our interest costs and our ability to make new investments on favorable terms or at all. Additionally,
 interest rate fluctuations and changes in credit spreads on floating rate loans may have a negative impact on our investments and investment opportunities and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our rate of return on
 invested capital, our net investment income, our net asset value and the market price of our securities. In addition, an increase in interest rates may make it difficult or impossible to make payments on outstanding debt. Any increase in
 interest rates could have a negative effect on our interest costs and investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

We may experience conflicts of interest with the minority shareholders of our businesses.

The Board of Directors and Officers of Janel s non-wholly owned affiliated businesses have fiduciary duties to their respective shareholders. As a result, to the extent Janel engages in transactions with
 these affiliates, they may make decisions that are in the best interest of their shareholders generally, but which are not necessarily in the best interest of our shareholders. In dealings with us, the directors and officers of our
 affiliated businesses may make decisions that are different from the decisions we would make. These decisions may not be in the best interests of our shareholders, which may have an adverse effect on our business and operations.

Risk Factors Related to Janel s Business and Industries 

(in thousands except per share data)

Janel may not have sufficient working capital to continue operations, and our current asset-based lending facility is dependent upon an accounts receivable balance that
 may fluctuate as a result of national and global events.

Our cash needs are currently met by commercial bank credit facilities, cash on hand and cash generated from current operations. Actual short- and long-term working capital needs will depend upon numerous
 factors, including operating results, the availability of a revolving line of credit, competition and the cost associated with growing, either internally or through acquisition, none of which can be predicted with certainty. If results of
 operations and availability under our bank lines of credit are insufficient to meet cash needs, we will be required to obtain additional investment capital or debt funding to continue operations. Our substantial debt obligations could
 restrict our operations and financial condition. Additionally, our ability to generate cash to make payments on our indebtedness depends on many factors beyond our control.

As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 32,390 of short-term borrowings and long-term debt. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future.

Our debt service obligations will require us to use a portion of our operating cash flow to pay interest and principal on indebtedness rather than for other corporate purposes, including funding future
 expansion of our business and ongoing capital expenditures, which could impede our growth. Our substantial indebtedness could have other adverse consequences, including:

making it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations;

increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions, and placing us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged;

limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate;

limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and

exposing us to greater interest rate risk, including the risk to variable borrowings of a rate increase and the risk to fixed borrowings of a rate decrease.

Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative,
 regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

9 

Table of Contents 

Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness when scheduled payments are
 due or to fund other liquidity needs. In these circumstances, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require make-whole
 payments and compliance with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing would depend on, among other things, our financial
 condition at the time, restriction in the agreements governing our indebtedness and the condition of the financial markets and the industries in which we operate. As a result, we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on
 commercially reasonable terms or at all. Without this financing, we may have to seek additional equity or debt financing or restructure our debt, which could harm our long-term business prospects. Our failure to comply with the terms of
 any existing or future indebtedness could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the payment of all of our debt.

Pursuant to the borrowing agreement, our ability to borrow under our current asset-based lending facility relies on our accounts receivable balance as collateral. This accounts receivable balance is heavily
 influenced by tariffs, global freight prices, international trade and other global events. Our ability to collect on these accounts receivables may further impact our ability to borrow under our current agreement. In the event that our
 accounts receivable balance decreases, we may face limited opportunities to borrow on our line of credit.

Our subsidiaries do not have long-term contracts with all of their customers, and the loss of customers with which we do not have long-term contracts may have a
 material adverse effect on our business and operations.

Our businesses, especially Indco, are based primarily upon individual orders, sales and service agreements with customers not long-term contracts. Therefore, customers could cease purchasing products or
 using our services at any time, for any reason, and with little or no notice, and we would have no recourse. If a significant number of our customers reduce or choose not to purchase products or use our services, or we have to lower
 prices to retain customers, it may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

Significant changes or developments in U.S. laws or policies, including changes in U.S. trade policies and tariffs and the reaction of other countries thereto, may
 have a material adverse effect on our business and financial statements.

Significant changes or developments in U.S. laws and policies, such as laws and policies surrounding international trade, foreign affairs, manufacturing and development and investment in the territories and
 countries where we or our customers operate, can materially adversely affect our business and financial statements. Previously, the imposition of significant tariffs and increased trade tension between the United States and China greatly
 impacted domestic industries access to foreign markets. President-elect Donald Trump has indicated that he intends to impose tariffs, including a 60 tariff on goods imported from China and a 20 on all other U.S. imports, which could
 result in a trade war. Similar trade restrictions in the future may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial statements.

Janel s businesses face aggressive competition from other companies with greater financial resources and from companies that operate in areas in which our companies
 plan to expand in the future.

Our businesses face intense competition within the logistics, manufacturing and life science industries on a local, regional, national, and global basis. Competitors include companies ranging from start-up
 companies, which may be able to respond to customers needs more quickly, to large multinational companies, which may have greater financial, marketing, operational and research and development resources than Janel.

In the freight forwarding industry, our Logistics business competes with a large and diverse group of freight forwarding concerns, commercial air and ocean carriers and a large number of locally established
 companies in geographic areas where our Logistics business does business or intends to do business in the future. The loss of customers, agents or employees to competitors could adversely impact the ability of our Logistics business to be
 profitable. In addition, the transport of freight, both domestically and internationally, is highly competitive and price sensitive, and new competitors emerge annually. Changes in the volume of freight transported, shippers preferences
 as to the timing of deliveries as a means to control shipping costs, economic and political conditions , both in the United States and abroad, work stoppages, labor constraints , U.S. and foreign
 laws relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investments and taxation may all have significant impact on our Logistics business overall business, growth and profitability.

Indco competes within the highly fragmented industrial mixer manufacturing industry, which has low barriers to entry. New competitors emerge annually, and many aggressively market through electronic media.
 Our competitors may be more innovative than us, and, as a result, Indco may be unable to compete effectively.

10 

Table of Contents 

Our Life Sciences business faces significant competition across many of its product lines. To remain competitive, Life Sciences must develop new products and periodically enhance its existing products,
 otherwise, it may lose market share and be unable to achieve revenue growth targets. We anticipate that Life Sciences may also have to adjust the prices of many of its products to stay competitive. In addition, new competitors,
 technologies, or market trends may emerge to threaten or reduce the value of our product lines. Failure to innovate and develop new products may impact the future sales and earnings of Life Sciences and, therefore, Janel.

Janel s businesses are dependent upon technically skilled employees, and failure to obtain and retain skilled technical personnel could materially adversely affect
 their operations.

We believe that the success of our business is highly dependent on the continuing efforts of certain technically skilled employees, particularly experienced engineers in our Manufacturing segment and
 scientists in our Life Sciences segment. For example, Indco s production facilities require skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for its business. Competition for the personnel required for Indco s
 business intensifies as activity increases. In periods of high utilization, it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified individuals. This could increase Indco s costs or have other adverse effects on its operations. Only
 some of our employees are subject to employment agreements. The loss of the services of technically skilled employees may have an adverse effect on our business and operations.

In order to respond to the high variability in our Logistics business model, it may be necessary to adjust staffing levels to changing market demands. In periods of rapid change, it is more difficult to
 match our Logistics business staffing levels to its business needs.

Climate change and increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, stockholders and customers on sustainability issues, including those related to
 climate change, may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

Scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and
 severity of storms, droughts, floods, wildfires and other climatic events. Our Life Sciences business operates out of three locations and our Manufacturing business in a single location. Increased frequency of extreme weather could cause
 increased incidence of disruption to the production and distribution of our products at these locations. Increasing natural disasters in connection with climate change could also be a direct threat to our third-party vendors, service
 providers or other stakeholders, including disruptions on supply chains or information technology or other necessary services for us. If our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, or information technology systems experience any
 catastrophic loss as a result of such natural disasters, such event could disrupt the company s operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, diminish demand, damage customer relationships and our
 reputation and result in legal exposure and significant repair or replacement expenses.

Federal, state and local governments, as well as some of our customers, are beginning to respond to climate change issues. This increased focus on sustainability may result in new legislation or regulations
 and customer requirements that could negatively affect us as we may incur additional costs or be required to make changes to our operations in order to comply with any new regulations or customer requirements. Legislation or regulations
 that potentially impose restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls on emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, a by-product of burning fossil fuels such as those used in the trucks in our Logistics segment, may have a
 material adverse effect on our business and operations.

More specifically, legislative, or regulatory actions related to climate change may have a material adverse effect on us by increasing our Logistics business fuel costs and reducing fuel efficiency and
 could result in the creation of substantial additional capital expenditures and operating costs in the form of taxes, emissions allowances, or required equipment upgrades. Any of these factors could impair our operating efficiency and
 productivity and result in higher operating costs. In addition, revenues could decrease if we are unable to meet regulatory or customer sustainability requirements. Furthermore, over the past several years, new rules relating to the
 disclosure of a range of climate-related risks have been proposed and/or adopted by certain authorities, including the SEC and the state of California. We are currently assessing the applicability of these rules, but at this time we
 cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting therefrom, particularly in light of the forthcoming presidential administration. We could ultimately incur increased costs relating to the assessment
 and disclosure of climate-related risks as a result of these regulatory and legislative actions. These additional costs, changes in operations, or loss of revenues may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. For
 example, the motor carriers we contract with are subject to increasingly restrictive laws protecting the environment, including those relating to climate change, which could directly or indirectly have a material adverse effect on our
 business. Future and existing environmental regulatory requirements may have a material adverse effect on operations and increase operating expenses, which in turn could increase
 our purchased transportation costs. Our customers, our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by these new rules and costs.

11 

Table of Contents 

Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and
 governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks.

We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
 These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. In addition, regulators,
 customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on environmental, social and governance ESG matters and related disclosures. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted
 in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. For example, developing and acting
 on initiatives within the scope of ESG, and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time-consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including California s
 recently enacted climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible
 sourcing and social investments and other ESG related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed
 to implement them may not be cost-effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our ESG-related initiatives and
 goals, and progress toward those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In
 addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress
 with respect to our goals within the scope of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected.

Janel may face competition from parties who sell their businesses to Janel and from professionals who cease working for Janel.

While we typically enter into non-competition and non-solicitation agreements with parties that sell their businesses to us, one or more of the former owners of an acquired business who cease working for us
 or persons who leave Janel s employment may compete with us or solicit our employees or clients in the future. Even if ultimately resolved in our favor, any litigation associated with enforcing non-competition or non-solicitation
 agreements could be time consuming, costly and distract management s focus from our business. Moreover, states and foreign jurisdictions may interpret restrictions on competition narrowly and in favor of employees. Therefore, certain
 restrictions on competition or solicitation may be unenforceable. In addition, we may decide not to pursue legal remedies if we determine that the costs or other factors outweigh the benefits of any possible legal recourse. Such persons,
 because they have worked for us or an acquired business, may be able to compete more effectively with us and may be more successful in soliciting its employees and clients than unaffiliated third parties.

Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a catastrophic event, disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material
 financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.

Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our personnel, offices and technology infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant
 disruptive effect on our operations. Should we or a key vendor or other third party experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, hurricane, or other weather event power
 loss, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the availability of our
 personnel, office facilities and the proper functioning of existing, new or upgraded computer systems, telecommunications and other related systems and operations. In events like these, while our operational size and our existing back-up
 systems provide us with some degree of flexibility, we still can experience near-term operational challenges with regard to particular areas of our operations. We could potentially lose access to key executives and personnel, sensitive data
 or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our customers in a disaster recovery scenario.

We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key
 operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and cause material financial loss,
 loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability.

Janel may be subject to product and other liability risks for which it may not have adequate insurance coverage.

We may be named a defendant in product liability lawsuits alleging that products or services provided by us have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to consumers, particularly for our
 Life Sciences and Manufacturing segments products. There are several factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers operators and the training of such operators.
 Any such third-party claims and product liability claims filed against us could carry potential liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. We cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover any adverse
 determinations in such product liability lawsuits.

12 

Table of Contents 

In the ordinary course of our Logistics business, we are a defendant in several legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our Logistics business. These proceedings include third-party claims for
 property damage or bodily injury incurred in connection with our services. Within our Logistics segment, ELFS maintains auto liability for commercial trucking claims of up to 6,000,000 per occurrence,
 and general liability with of up to 6,000,000 per occurrence. Any such third-party claims filed against ELFS could carry potential liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. We cannot be certain that our current insurance
 will be sufficient to cover any adverse determinations in such liability claims or lawsuits.

Life Sciences faces an inherent business risk of exposure to product and other liability claims if its products or services are alleged or found to have caused injury, damage or loss. While we retain
 product liability insurance, we may be unable to obtain insurance with adequate levels of coverage for potential liability on acceptable terms or claims of this nature may be excluded from coverage under the terms of any insurance policy
 that we obtain. If we are unable to obtain such insurance or the amounts of any claims successfully brought against us substantially exceed our coverage, our business could be materially adversely affected.

If Indco s customers successfully assert product liability claims against it due to defects in Indco s products, its operating results may suffer, and its reputation may be harmed. Indco faces an inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event that the failure, use or misuse of its products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury, property damage or economic loss.
 While Indco believes that it meets or exceeds existing professional specification standards recognized or required in the industries in which it operates, Indco has been subject to claims in the past, and it may be subject to claims in
 the future. A successful product liability claim or series of claims against Indco, or a significant warranty claim or series of claims against it, could materially decrease its liquidity, and, therefore, Janel s financial condition.
 There are several factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers operators and the training of such operators. Any such product liability claims filed against Indco
 could carry potential liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. We cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover any adverse determinations in such product liability lawsuits.

If we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, our business and reputation may be materially adversely affected.

As disclosed above, we connect and store certain personal identifying and confidential information relating to our customers, vendors, employees and suppliers. The collection, maintenance, protection, use,
 transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are also imposed on us by contracts with clients. In some cases, such laws,
 rules, regulations and contractual requirements also apply to our vendors and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements. International laws, rules and regulations governing the use and disclosure
 of such information, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation and various regulations being adopted by states throughout the U.S., can be more stringent than laws in the United States, and they vary across
 jurisdictions. In addition, more jurisdictions are regulating the transfer of data across borders and domestic privacy and data protection laws are generally becoming more onerous.

These laws, rules and contractual requirements are subject to change and the regulatory environment surrounding data security and privacy is increasingly demanding. Compliance with existing or new privacy,
 security and data laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations.

Our management information and financial reporting systems are spread across diverse platforms and geographies.

The growth of our business through acquisitions has resulted in our reliance on the accounting, business information and other computer systems of these acquired entities to capture and transmit information
 concerning customer orders, carrier payment, payroll and other critical business data. We continue to make progress towards migrating our various legacy operating and accounting systems to a singular system. As long as an acquired
 business remains on another information technology system, we face additional manual calculations, training costs, delays and an increased possibility of inaccuracies in the data we use to manage our business and report our financial
 results. Any delay in compiling, assessing and reporting information could materially adversely impact our business; our ability to react timely to changes in volumes, prices, or other trends; or to take actions to comply with financial
 covenants, all of which could negatively impact our stock price.

13 

Table of Contents 

Risk Factors Related to Janel s Logistics Business 

Our Logistics business depends on third-party carriers to transport our customers cargo.

As a non-asset-based provider of global logistics services, our Logistics business s ability to serve its customers depends on the availability of air and sea cargo space, including space on passenger and
 cargo airlines, ocean carriers that service the transportation lanes and trucking companies that our Logistics business uses. Shortages of cargo space are most likely to develop around holidays and in especially heavy transportation
 lanes. In addition, available cargo space could be reduced as a result of decreases in the number of airlines or ocean carriers serving particular shipment lanes at particular times. Consequently, our ability to provide services for our
 customers could be adversely impacted by, among other things: shortages in available cargo capacity; changes by carriers and transportation companies in policies and practices such as scheduling, pricing, payment terms and frequency of
 service, increases in the cost of fuel, taxes and labor, changes in the financial stability or operating capabilities of carriers and other factors not within our control. Reductions in airfreight or ocean freight capacity may have a
 material adverse effect on our yields. Material interruptions in service or stoppages in transportation, whether caused by strike, work stoppage, lock-out, slowdown or otherwise, may materially adversely affect our business and
 operations.

Quality customer service is important to our success, and any challenges in meeting our customers needs and requirements may result in loss of business, thereby materially adversely affecting our operating
 results.

In addition, any determination that our third-party carriers have violated laws and regulations could seriously damage our reputation and brands, resulting in diminished revenues and profit and increased
 operating costs.

We may be subject to claims arising from transportation of freight by the carriers with which we contract, and increased insurance premium costs may have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations.

We use the services of multiple transportation companies in connection with our transportation operations. From time to time, drivers are, or may be, involved in accidents which may cause injuries and in
 which goods carried by them are lost or damaged. Such accidents usually result in equipment damage and, unfortunately, can also result in injuries or death. The resulting types and/or amounts of damages may be excluded from or exceed the
 amount of insurance coverage maintained by the contracted carrier. Although these drivers are not our employees and all of these drivers are employees, owner-operators, or independent contractors working for carriers, from time to time,
 claims may be asserted against us for their actions, or for our actions in retaining them. Claims against us may exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may not be covered by insurance at all. A material increase in the frequency
 or severity of accidents, liability claims or workers compensation claims, or unfavorable resolutions of claims, may materially adversely affect our operating results. A material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents, claims
 for lost or damaged goods, liability claims, workers compensation claims, or unfavorable resolutions of any such claims could materially adversely affect our results of operations to the extent claims are not covered by our insurance or
 such losses exceed our reserves. Significant increases in insurance costs or the inability to purchase insurance as a result of these claims could also reduce our profitability and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The
 timing of the incurrence of these costs may also materially adversely affect our operating results compared to prior periods.

Additionally, insurance carriers may increase premiums for transportation companies generally. We may also experience additional increases in our insurance premiums in the future if our claims experience
 worsens. If our insurance or claims expense increases and we are unable to offset the increase with desired levels of insurance at reasonable rates, it may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
 position. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it may have a material adverse
 effect on our business and operations.

Finally, we face risks associated with the handling of customer inventory. Some of our operating agreements include maintaining the inventory of our customers. Failure to property handle such inventory
 could expose us to monetary claims and expenses, as well as reputational harm to our business.

Higher carrier prices may result in decreased adjusted gross profit.

Carriers can be expected to charge higher prices if market conditions warrant, including as a result of increased costs of fuel, labor shortages, and increased shipping times due to supply
 chain disruptions. Our adjusted gross profit and income from operations may decrease if we are unable to increase our pricing accordingly. Increased demand for truckload services and pending changes in regulations may reduce available
 capacity and also lead to increased carrier pricing.

14 

Table of Contents 

A determination that owner-operators are employees, rather than independent contractors, could expose us to various liabilities and additional costs.

Federal and state legislation as well as tax and other regulatory authorities may seek to assert that independent contractors in the transportation service industry, such as our owner-operators, are
 employees rather than independent contractors. For example, on September 18, 2019, the state of California passed Assembly Bill 5 (AB5), which codified a standard test for determining a worker s status as an employee or independent
 contractor for purposes of determining employee benefits such as paid vacation, sick leave, meals, rest breaks and overtime, known as the ABC test. The ABC test is generally thought to lower the threshold for classifying a worker as an
 employee as opposed to an independent contractor. A particular aspect of the ABC test poses a distinct threat to the trucking industry; the test maintains that an independent contractor must undertake work that is outside the usual
 course of the hiring entity s business to avoid classification as an employee. For trucking companies hiring third-party truck drivers, it is unclear whether this prong of the test is satisfied or not. In August 2022, a federal District
 Court formally lifted the injunction that had previously kept AB5 from applying to California s trucking sector. The lifting of the injunction further increases the likeli hood that
 owner-operators may be classified as employees within the state.

While relatively new in California, versions of the ABC test have existed in a number of other states over the years and have been challenged in various courts as violating the federal government s
 exclusive right to regulate motor carriers in interstate commerce. There can be no assurance that these interpretations and tax laws that consider these persons independent contractors will not change, that other federal or state
 legislation will not be enacted or that various authorities will not successfully assert a position that reclassifies independent contractors to be employees. If our owner-operators are determined to be our employees, that determination
 could materially increase our exposure under a variety of federal and state tax, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment and tort laws, as well as our potential liability for employee benefits.

In addition, such changes may be applied retroactively, and, if so, we may be required to pay additional amounts to compensate for prior periods. Any of the above increased costs would materially adversely
 affect our business and operations.

Recessions and other economic developments that reduce freight volumes could have a material adverse impact on our Logistics business.

The transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recession, downturns in business cycles of customers like those serviced by our Logistics
 business, interest rate fluctuations, government shutdowns and other economic factors beyond the control of our Logistics business. Deterioration in the economic environment subjects our Logistics business to various risks that may have a
 material impact on its operating results and cause it, and, therefore, Janel, to not reach its long-term growth goals, as a result of, for example, the following:

a reduction in overall freight volumes in the marketplace, reducing our Logistics business s opportunities for growth;

economic difficulties encountered by some of our Logistics business customers, who may, therefore, not be able to pay our Logistics business in a timely manner or at all, or may go out of business;

economic difficulties encountered by a significant number of our Logistics business s transportation providers, who may go out of business and, therefore, leave our Logistics business unable to secure sufficient equipment or
 other transportation services to meet commitments to its customers; and

the inability of our Logistics business to appropriately adjust its expenses to changing market demands.

In addition, if a downturn in the business cycles of our Logistics business customers causes a reduction in the volume of freight shipped by those customers, its, and, therefore, Janel s, operating results
 could be materially adversely affected.

15 

Table of Contents 

Other events affecting the volume of international trade and international operations may have a material adverse effect on our Logistics international operations.

In addition to economic conditions, our Logistics business s international supply chain services are directly related to, and dependent on, the volume of international trade, particularly trade between the
 United States and foreign nations. This trade, as well as our Logistics business s international supply chain services, is influenced by many factors, including:

economic and political conditions in the United States and abroad;

major work stoppages;

exchange controls, currency conversion and fluctuations;

war, other armed conflicts and terrorism, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict; and

U.S. and foreign laws relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investment and taxation.

As previously noted, President-elect Donald Trump has indicated that he intends to impose tariffs, including a 60 tariff on goods imported from China and a 20 tariff on all other U.S. imports, which could
 result in a trade war. The foregoing and other events beyond the control of our Logistics business, such as a failure of various nations to reach or adopt international trade agreements or an increase in bilateral or multilateral trade
 restrictions, may have a material adverse effect on our Logistics segment.

The difficulty in accurately forecasting timing or volumes of customer shipments and/or rate changes by carriers could increase the cost of our operations. The unpredictability of short- and long-term
 fluctuations in such factors is influenced by volatile market conditions, global developments, consumer trends and numerous other factors outside of our company s direct control.

Failure to comply with governmental permit and licensing requirements or statutory and regulatory requirements could result in civil and criminal sanctions, fines or
 revocation of our Logistics business s operating authorities, and changes in these requirements may have a material adverse effect on our Logistics business.

Our Logistics business s operations are subject to various state, local, federal and foreign statutes and regulations prohibiting various activities that in many instances require permits and licenses.
 Failure to maintain compliance with applicable law and regulations, required permits or licenses, or to comply with applicable regulations, could result in substantial fines or revocation of our Logistics business operating authorities.
 Moreover, government deregulation efforts, modernization of the regulations governing customs clearance and changes in the international trade and tariff environment could require material expenditures or otherwise have a material
 adverse effect on our Logistics business specifically.

Our Logistics business is subject to seasonal trends and other factors beyond our control.

Historically, our Logistics business s operating results have been subject to seasonal trends when measured on a quarterly basis. Its second fiscal quarter has traditionally been the weakest, and the third
 and fourth fiscal quarters have traditionally been the strongest. As a result, its quarterly operating results are likely to continue to fluctuate. This trend is dependent on numerous factors, including the markets in which our Logistics
 business operates, holiday seasons, consumer demand, climate, economic conditions and numerous other factors. This historical seasonality has also been influenced by the growth and diversification of our Logistics business international
 network and service offerings. A substantial portion of our Logistics business s revenues is derived from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer demand which can sometimes be difficult to predict or
 are based on just-in-time production schedules. Therefore, our Logistics business s revenues is, to a large degree, affected by factors that are outside of its control. In addition, our Logistics business has several primarily variable
 expenses that are fixed for a period of time, and it may not be able to adequately adjust them in a period of rapid change in market demand. Our Logistics business historic operating patterns may not continue in future periods as it
 cannot influence or forecast many of these factors. Comparisons of our operating results from period to period are, therefore, not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indicator of future performance.

Risk Factors Related to Janel s Life Sciences Business 

Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products and/or increase our expenses.

Life Sciences competes in markets in which it or its customers must comply with federal, state, local and foreign regulations, such as environmental, health and safety, and food and drug regulations. We
 develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by these regulations. Any significant change in these regulations could reduce demand for our products and/or increase our costs of producing these products.

16 

Table of Contents 

The success of Life Sciences depends on its ability to continually produce products that meet high quality standards such as purity, reproducibility and/or absence of
 cross- reactivity.

Product quality and reputation are key purchasing decision factors for our Life Sciences customers. While our Life Sciences operations have experienced and qualified personnel, long operating histories and
 substantial production systems and protocols in place, failure on our part to meet our customers high-quality product expectations (in particular with respect to product purity, reproducibility and specificity) may have a material
 adverse effect on our business and operations.

The success of Life Sciences is affected by its ability to maintain its intellectual property rights. If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property,
 if third parties infringe on our intellectual property rights, or if we are involved in disputes to determine the scope and validity of others proprietary rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing
 our rights.

Intellectual property rights heavily influence product development and differentiation. We own several patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to
 intellectual property owned by others, which together are important to our business operations. However, the intellectual property rights we obtain are not always sufficiently broad and do not always guarantee a significant competitive
 advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned, submitted by, or licensed to us. Despite the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property, we cannot
 fully prevent such intellectual property from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed-around or becoming subject to compulsory licensing. Sometimes, enforcement may not be available to us because a third-party may have a
 dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons.

We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no guarantee that
 these agreements sufficiently protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have sufficient remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent
 proprietary information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights.

We may also be sued by third parties alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. Such lawsuits are expensive, time-consuming and divert management s focus away from other business
 concerns. If we are found to be infringing the intellectual property of others, we could be required to cease certain activities, alter our products or processes, or pay licensing fees, any of which could cause unexpected costs and delays
 that may materially adversely affect us. If we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms, or if we are unable to design around any third-party patent, we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which
 could reduce revenues. Additionally, if we do not prevail in such lawsuits, a court may find damages or award other remedies in favor of the opposing party, which may materially adversely affect our earnings.

The biomedical and life sciences industries that we serve are under constant pressures to increase the predictability of or reduce healthcare costs, all of which may
 materially adversely affect our business and financial results due to our role in the healthcare supply chain.

Our Life Sciences products are sold primarily to research scientists at biomedical and life sciences companies and at academic research institutions. Development spending by our customers and the
 availability of government research funding can fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental
 budgetary policies. Efforts to reduce or increase the predictability of healthcare costs may impact all stages of the healthcare supply chain, including the acquisition of antibodies, diagnostic reagents, diagnostic kits and other
 immunoreagents for biomedical research and antibody manufacturing. In addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate
 purchasing decisions for some customers. Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors actions may materially adversely affect the future sales and earnings of Life Sciences and, therefore, Janel.

Risk Factors Related to Janel s Manufacturing Business 

Any decrease in the availability, or increase in the cost, of raw materials could materially affect Indco s revenues and earnings.

The availability of certain critical raw materials such as motors, gear drivers, motor controls, standard hardware products, castings and steel bars, plates and shafts are subject to factors that are not
 within Indco s control. In some cases, these critical raw materials are purchased from suppliers operating in countries that may be subject to unstable political and economic conditions, or there may be other supply chain issues related
 to the procurement of such raw materials, including as a result of international conflicts, or climate change.

17 

Table of Contents 

While Indco has historically been able to source its raw materials from an assortment of suppliers, at any given time, Indco may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of critical raw materials on a timely
 basis, at prices and other terms acceptable to it, or at all. If Indco is unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of required raw materials, it may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of products. This could
 cause Indco to lose sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to its reputation.

If suppliers increase the price of critical raw materials or are unwilling or unable to meet Indco s demand, it may not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, costs of certain critical raw
 materials have been volatile due to factors beyond Indco s control. Raw material costs are included in Indco s contracts with customers, but in some cases Indco is exposed to changes in raw material costs from the time purchase orders are
 placed to when it purchases the raw materials for production. Changes in business conditions may have a material adverse effect on Indco s ability to recover rapid increases in raw material costs and may materially adversely affect
 Indco s, and, therefore, Janel s, results of operations.

The extensive environmental, health and safety regulatory regimes applicable to Indco s operations create potential exposure to significant liabilities.

The nature of Indco s manufacturing business subjects its operations to numerous and varied federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relating to pollution, protection of public health
 and the environment, natural resource damages and occupational safety and health. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or with the permits required for Indco s operations, could result in fines or civil or criminal
 sanctions, third-party claims for property damage or personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs. Potentially significant expenditures could be required in order to comply with new environmental laws or requirements that may be
 adopted or imposed in the future. Indco has used, and currently uses, certain substances that are considered hazardous, extremely hazardous or toxic under worker safety and health laws and regulations. Although Indco implements controls
 and procedures designed to reduce the continuing risk of adverse impacts and environmental, health and safety issues, Indco could incur substantial cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party property damage or
 personal injury claims as a result of violations, non-compliance or liabilities under these regulatory regimes.

As a manufacturing business, Indco also must comply with federal and state environmental laws and regulations that relate to the manner in which Indco stores and disposes of materials and the related
 reports that Indco is required to file. Indco cannot ensure that it will not incur additional costs to maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that it will not incur significant penalties for failure to be in
 compliance.

Indco relies on a single location to manufacture its products.

Indco s business operates out of a single location in New Albany, Indiana. Indco employs lean manufacturing techniques and, therefore, carries little inventory. Indco could experience prolonged periods of
 reduced production due to unforeseen catastrophic events occurring in or around its facility in Indiana. As a result, Indco may be unable to shift manufacturing capabilities to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers, meet
 customer shipment needs or address other severe consequences that may be encountered, and Indco may suffer damage to its reputation. Indco s, and, therefore, Janel s, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
 adversely affected were such events to occur.

Risk Factors Related to Ownership of Janel s Common Stock 

A small number of Janel s stockholders have a controlling influence over Janel.

A small number of our stockholders control the vote of approximately 75 .4 o f the outstanding shares of our common stock as of September 30, 2024, which includes
 Janel common stock such persons can acquire through the exercise of vested options granted to them. As a result, these stockholders could control the election of our directors and, therefore, have the ability to control the affairs of
 Janel. Furthermore, one particular investor in the Company has the right to appoint 50 of the members of our Board of Directors.

As a result, these few stockholders have controlling influence over, among other things, the ability to amend our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or effect or preclude fundamental corporate
 transactions involving Janel, including the acceptance or rejection of any proposals relating to a merger of Janel or an acquisition of Janel by another entity. The interests of these officers, directors and stockholders may conflict with
 those of other stockholders. This concentration of ownership may also delay, deter or prevent a change in control of Janel, and some transactions may be more difficult or impossible without the support of these parties.

18 

Table of Contents 

It is unlikely that Janel will issue dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future.

We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our
 Board of Directors.

Janel s stock price is subject to volatility.

Our common stock trades on the Pink tier of the OTC market under the symbol JANL. The market price of Janel s common stock has been subject to significant fluctuations. There is an absence of a true
 market for Janel shares and thus a valid valuation is not readily maintained. This result is caused in part by the concentrated holdings of Janel, which has led to abnormal price volatility. Such fluctuations as well as economic
 conditions generally may adversely affect the market price of Janel s common stock.

Our common stock is not as frequently traded as compared to the volume of trading activity associated with larger companies whose shares trade on the larger national exchanges. Because of this limited
 liquidity, stockholders may be unable to sell their shares at the prices or volumes they desire. As a result, the trading price of our shares may occasionally fluctuate drastically. The trading price may be affected by a number of factors
 including events described in the risk factors set forth in this report as well as our operating results, financial condition, announcements, general conditions in the industry and the financial markets and other events or factors. In
 recent years, broad stock market indices, in general, and smaller capitalization companies, in particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. In a volatile market, we may experience wide fluctuations in the market price of
 our common stock. These fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock.

We have issued, and may continue to issue, shares of preferred stock with greater rights than our common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms for those shares without the approval of our stockholders. As
 of September 30, 2024, for example, we had 11,368 shares of Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding. Any such preferred stock we may issue in the future could rank ahead of our common stock with respect to certain rights or
 obligations, including in terms of dividends and liquidation rights.

Janel has no assurance of a continued public trading market.

Our common stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market on the Pink tier of the OTC market and, to the extent the market price of our common stock falls below 5.00 per share, may be subject to the
 low-priced security or so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities. For any transaction involving a penny stock, the rules require, among other things, the
 delivery, prior to the transaction, of a disclosure schedule required by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks held in the customer s account. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
 level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, to the extent we are subject to the penny stock rules, such rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade
 our securities. As a result, characterization as a penny stock can discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock.

Janel incurs significant costs to comply with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could harm its business and results of operations.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and other
 applicable securities rules and regulations. These rules and regulations have increased, and will continue to increase, Janel s legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and have made, and will continue to make, some activities
 more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations could make it more difficult and more costly for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and Janel may be required to accept reduced policy limits and
 coverage or to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage.

These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on its Board of Directors or its Board committees or as executive officers. Our
 management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results.

19 

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect any market on which the Company s shares trade, the markets in which the Company s
 subsidiaries operate and the Company s business operations and profitability.

Terrorist acts or acts of war or armed conflict may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Any of these acts could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the
 United States and worldwide financial markets and economy, and, in particular, could lead to increased regulatory requirements with respect to the security and safety of freight shipments and transportation. Acts of terrorism or armed
 conflict, and the uncertainty caused by such conflicts, could cause a reduction in demand for our businesses. In particular, this would have a corresponding adverse effect on our Logistics business.

Security breaches or cybersecurity attacks may have a material adverse effect on Janel s ability to operate, could result in personal information being misappropriated
 and may cause Janel to be held liable or suffer harm to its reputation.

We are dependent on information technology systems and infrastructures to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. In addition, we rely on the systems of third
 parties. As part of our normal business operations, we connect and store certain personal identifying and confidential information relating to our customers, vendors, employees and suppliers. External and internal risks, such as malware,
 insecure coding, Acts of God, data leakage and human error pose a direct threat to our information technology systems and operations.

We, and the third parties with whom we conduct business, have faced, and may continue to be subject to, cybersecurity attacks and other intentional hacking. Any failure to identify and address such defects
 or errors or prevent a cyber-attack, including a ransomware attack, could result in service interruptions, operational difficulties, loss of revenues or market share, liability to customers or others, diversion of resources, injury to our
 reputation and increased service and maintenance costs. Addressing such issues could prove to be impossible or very costly and responding to resulting claims or liability could similarly involve substantial cost.

In addition, our insurance coverage and/or indemnification arrangements that we enter into, if any, may not be adequate to cover all of the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting
 from such events. We must also rely on the safeguards put in place by customers, suppliers, vendors or other third parties to minimize the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions. These third parties may
 have varying levels of cybersecurity expertise and safeguards. In the event of a breach affecting these third parties, our business and financial results could suffer materially.

While, to date, we have not had a significant cyber-attack or breach that has had a material impact on our business or results of operations, we remain at risk of a data breach due, in part, to the
 intentional or unintentional non-compliance by a third party s employee or agent, the breakdown of a third party s data protection processes or a cyber-attack on a third party s information network and systems. Additionally, acquired
 companies will need to be integrated with our information technology systems, which may cause additional training or licensing cost, along with potential delays and disruption. In such an event, our revenues, financial results and ability
 to operate profitably could be materially adversely affected. The challenges associated with integration of our acquisitions may increase these risks.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

20 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1C. 

CYBERSECURITY

Risk Management and Strategy

The Company maintains a comprehensive risk management program designed to assess, identify, and manage material risks facing the Company, including material risks associated with cybersecurity
 risks and vulnerabilities. Through this risk management program, the Company seeks to mitigate the potential impact of any cybersecurity incidents on the Company s operations and financial condition. We have a comprehensive set of processes
 to monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents.

These processes include:

Implementation of cybersecurity measures, such as firewalls, endpoint intrusion detection and response systems, and anti-virus/anti-malware software.

Employee training and awareness programs to educate all employees about cybersecurity threats, incident reporting and prevention measures.

Monitoring of network traffic and information technology systems for signs of potential threats.

Incident response plan to ensure swift, effective and accurate disclosure of cybersecurity incidents to the appropriate employees of the Company, as well as our Board of Directors, if applicable.

We engaged a third-party expert in January 2021 for the development of our information technology IT risk management program, which included the development of a common framework for
 assessing and mitigating IT risks for the Company. The framework included a specific cybersecurity category to address measures to protect the Company from malware, ransomware and phishing, among others. The outcome was the creation of
 Company IT narratives and an IT risk control matrix. We regularly work with a third-party expert to test and update our risk mitigation controls.

As of the date of this annual report, we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a materially adverse effect on our operations, business,
 results of operations, or financial condition. As discussed more fully under Item 1A Risk Factors , the sophistication of cyber threats continues to increase, and the preventative actions the Company takes to reduce the risk of cyber
 incidents and protect its systems and information may be insufficient. No matter how well designed or implemented the Company s cybersecurity controls are, it will not be able to anticipate all security breaches, and it may not be able to
 implement effective preventive measures against cybersecurity breaches in a timely manner. See Item 1A Risk Factors Security breaches or cybersecurity attacks may have a material adverse effect on Janel s ability to operate, could result
 in personal information being misappropriated and may cause Janel to be held liable or suffer harm to its reputation and Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a catastrophic event, disaster or other business
 continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. 

Governance

The Board of Directors maintains oversight of cybersecurity risk primarily through its Audit Committee. The Audit Committee receives regular updates from management on cybersecurity risks and
 incidents and the overall effectiveness of our cybersecurity programs.

The Company s cybersecurity program is led by the Company s Chief Information Officer (the CIO ), who has served in such role since October 2018. Our CIO has over 25 years of experience in
 the technology industry, which includes experience in data security and cybersecurity. Prior to joining the Company, our CIO ran a web tech consulting company serving small- and medium- sized businesses in healthcare and other industries.
 The Company conducts quarterly meetings of the IT and financial leadership of the Company s segments, including the CIO, and information from those meetings is provided to the Company s Audit Committee, which typically meets on a quarterly
 basis. At each Audit Committee meeting, the CIO and Chief Financial Officer provide an update to the Audit Committee on any relevant current and new IT risks and the general health of the IT risk management program, including cybersecurity
 risks. They also provide the Audit Committee with a quarterly written cybersecurity brief from IT leadership, including an incident reporting log, a review of emerging cybersecurity risks and developments, an assessment of the overall
 effectiveness of our cybersecurity programs and recommended updates to our cybersecurity risk assessment program. Management, along with our CIO, is responsible for developing the cybersecurity strategy and supervising our cybersecurity
 risk management program. Our IT team supports these efforts by managing day-to-day operations, including threat detection, incident response and system monitoring. Our cybersecurity incident reporting and escalation plan governs our
 assessment and response upon the occurrence of a material cybersecurity incident, including the process for informing senior Company management and our Audit Committee and/or Board of Directors, as applicable.

21 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

Janel s executive offices are located in approximately 3,300 square feet of leased space in New York, New York. The lease term ends September 1, 2025.

As of September 30, 2024, Logistics leased 6,900 square feet of office space in Garden City, New York. This location serves as the executive offices of the Logistics segment. The lease term
 ends August 31, 2030.

As of September 30, 2024, Logistics leased twenty-six additional office spaces, some of which are on a month-to-month basis, in seventeen states located in the United States. Lease terms for
 these locations expire at various dates through August 31, 2030.

As of September 30, 2024, Indco owned an approximately 12,600 square-foot manufacturing facility on a 1.2-acre parcel of land in New Albany, Indiana.

As of September 30, 2024, Life Sciences owned an approximately 25,000 square-foot manufacturing facility on a 40-acre parcel of land in Davis, California. The Life Sciences segment also leases
 three other offices in the United States. Lease terms for these locations expire at various dates through February 28, 2034.

The Company believes that its owned and leased properties are adequate to meet its occupancy needs in the foreseeable future.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Janel is occasionally subject to claims and lawsuits that typically arise in the normal course of business. While the outcome of these claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management
 does not believe that the outcome of any of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The information otherwise called for by this item is
 incorporated herein by reference to Note 19, Risks and Uncertainties, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

22 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Janel Corporation s Common Stock is traded on the Pink tier of the OTC market under the symbol JANL. 

The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for the common stock for each full quarterly period during the fiscal years indicated. The prices reflect the high and low bid
 prices as available through the Pink tier of the OTC market and represent prices between dealers. They do not reflect retailer markups, markdowns or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

Fiscal Year 2024

Fiscal Year 2023

Fiscal Quarter

High

Low

High

Low

First Quarter, ended December 31,

27.00

20.51

49.00

36.00

Second Quarter, ended March 31,

41.02

23.01

39.00

28.00

Third Quarter, ended June 30,

42.00

24.00

34.00

25.00

Fourth Quarter, ended September 30,

42.01

30.00

28.25

21.00

On September 30, 2024, the Company had 52 holders of its shares of common stock. This amount does not
 include street name holders or beneficial holders of our common stock, whose holders of record are banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

The closing price of the common stock on September 30, 2024 was 40.50 per share.

Common Stock Dividends

We have not declared, and currently do not plan to declare in the foreseeable future, dividends on our common stock.

Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock Series C Stock 

The Company had 11,368 shares of Series C Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023.

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Our discussions below in this Item 7 should be read along with Janel s audited financial statements and related notes thereto as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and for each of the two years
 in the period ended September 30, 2024 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

INTRODUCTION 

Janel is a holding company with subsidiaries in three business segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company strives to
 create shareholder value primarily through three strategic priorities: supporting its businesses efforts to make investments and to build long-term profits; allocating Janel s capital at high risk-adjusted rates of return; and
 attracting and retaining exceptional talent. Management at the holding company level focuses on significant capital allocation decisions and corporate governance. Janel expects to grow through its subsidiaries organic growth and by
 completing acquisitions. We plan to either acquire businesses within our existing segments or expand our portfolio into new strategic segments. Our acquisition strategy focuses on reasonably-priced companies with strong and capable
 management teams, attractive existing business economics and stable and predictable earnings power.

Year Ended September 30, 2024 Acquisitions 

On June 5, 2024, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired a majority ownership position in Airschott , a
 non-asset-based freight forwarder and customs broker. At closing, the Company purchased 80 of the outstanding stock of Airschott. The Company also agreed to purchase the remaining 20 of Airschott stock in three years subject to
 certain closing conditions. 

23 

Table of Contents 

On February 1, 2024, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of ViraQuest Inc., which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

Year Ended September 30, 2023 Acquisitions 

On May 22, 2023, the Company acquired all the rights, title and interests to a royalty agreement for certain antibody products, which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

On March 2, 2023, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of Stephen Hall, PhD Ltd., which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

On November 1, 2022, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of ImmunoBioScience Corporation, which we include in our Life Sciences
 segment.

Investment in Marketable Securities - Rubicon 

As of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2024, the Company owned 1,108,000 shares, or approximately 46.6 , of the common stock of Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon ). Rubicon
 is an advanced materials provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial systems. The purpose of our investment in Rubicon was for Janel to acquire a significant ownership interest in
 Rubicon, together with representation on Rubicon s Board, in an attempt to (i) restructure the Rubicon business to achieve profitability and (ii) assist Rubicon in utilizing its net operating loss carry-forward assets.

Results of Operations Janel Corporation 

Our results of operations and period-over-period changes are discussed in the following section. The tables and discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated
 Financial Statements and the notes thereto appearing in Item 8.

Refer

to Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended September 30, 2023 , filed on December 8, 2023, for a comparison of fiscal year 2023 results of operations to the fiscal year 2022 results of operations, which specific discussion is incorporated herein by
 reference.

Our consolidated results of operations are as follows:

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2024

2023

Revenues

183,184

186,449

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

124,800

130,777

Gross profit

58,384

55,672

Operating expenses

54,626

53,073

Income from operations

3,758

2,599

Net income

551

723

Adjusted operating income (1)

6,720

5,353

Consolidated revenues for the year ended September 30, 2024 were 183,184, or 1.8 lower than fiscal 2023. Revenues decreased primarily due to lower freight prices in our Logistics segment
 as a result of lower freight demand relative to improved global transportation capacity. Income from operations for fiscal 2024 was 3,758 compared to income from operations of 2,599 for fiscal 2023, an increase of 1,159, largely as a
 result of increased profits across all of our operating segments. Adjusted operating income for fiscal 2024 increased to 6,720 versus 5,353 in the prior fiscal year primarily due to an overall increase in profits at our business
 segments.

The Company s net income for the year ended September 30, 2024 totaled 551 or 0.45 per diluted share, compared to net income of 723 or 0.60 per diluted share for the year ended
 September 30, 2023. The decrease in net income was largely due to an increase in the fair value of mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest and higher income tax expense, partially offset by higher profits in our business
 segments.

24 

Table of Contents 

(1) The following table sets forth a reconciliation of income from operations to adjusted operating income:

Adjusted Operating Income

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2024

2023

Income from operations

3,758

2,599

Amortization of intangible assets

2,299

2,098

Stock-based compensation

321

231

Cost recognized on sale of acquired inventory

342

425

Adjusted operating income

6,720

5,353

BUSINESS PERFORMANCE 

Results of Operations Logistics 

Our Logistics business helps its clients move and manage freight efficiently to reduce inventories and to increase supply chain speed and reliability. Key services include freight
 forwarding via air, ocean and land-based carriers; customs brokerage services; warehousing and distribution services; trucking and other value-added logistics services. In addition to these revenue streams, the Company earns
 accessorial revenues in connection with its core services. Accessorial revenues include, but are not limited to, fuel service charges, wait time fees, hazardous cargo fees, labor charges, handling, cartage, bonding and additional
 labor charges.

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2024

2023

Revenues

159,958

166,052

Forwarding expense

117,501

123,938

Gross profit

42,457

42,114

Gross profit margin

26.5

25.4

Selling, general and administrative expenses

37,057

37,310

Income from operations

5,400

4,804

Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 

Revenues

Total revenues in fiscal 2024 were 159,958 as compared to 166,052 in fiscal 2023, a decrease of 6,094 or 3.7 . Revenues decreased primarily due to lower freight prices as a result of
 lower freight demand relative to improved global transportation capacity. Lower prices for ocean, air and trucking services led to a decrease in both gross revenues and forwarding expenses. Compared to fiscal 2023, our volume in
 fiscal 2024, as measured in ocean freight by twenty-foot equivalent units, fell 4 , while air freight volume as measured by metric tons fell 5 and customs entries increased 5 . Organic growth, which represents revenues growth
 excluding revenues from acquisitions within the preceding 12 months, decreased in fiscal 2024 by 7.3 .

Gross Profit

Gross profit in fiscal 2024 was 42,457, an increase of 343, or 0.8 , as compared to 42,114 in fiscal 2023. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue increased to 26.5 compared to 25.4 
 for the prior fiscal year, primarily due to lower freight prices. The increase of 343 was the result of 1,562 in gross profit from an acquisition, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit from the remainder of the Logistics
 segment.

25 

Table of Contents 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2024 were 37,057 as compared to 37,310 in fiscal 2023. The decrease of 253, or 0.7 , was mainly due to lower personnel
 expenses and insurance costs. As a percentage of gross revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses were 23.2 and 22.5 for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. The increase in selling, general and administrative
 expenses as a percentage of revenue largely reflected the decrease in transportation rates.

Income from Operations

Income from operations increased to 5,400 in fiscal 2024 compared to 4,804 in fiscal 2023. Income from operations increased as a result of normalization in the market, lower
 personnel expense, insurance costs, and the additional profit from an acquisition. Operating margin as a percentage of gross profit was 12.7 in fiscal 2024 compared to 11.4 in fiscal 2023, largely due to higher gross profits.

Results of Operations - Life Sciences 

The Company s Life Sciences segment is comprised of several wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company s Life Sciences segment manufactures and distributes antibodies as well as research
 and diagnostic reagents for, and provides custom services to academic, non-profit and commercial customers.

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2024

2023

Revenues

13,154

11,059

Cost of sales

2,296

1,951

Cost recognized upon sale of acquired inventory

342

425

Gross profit

10,516

8,683

Gross profit margin

79.9

78.5

Selling, general and administrative expenses

7,216

6,149

Income from operations

3,300

2,534

Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 

Revenues

Total revenues were 13,154 in fiscal 2024 compared with 11,059 in fiscal 2023. Revenues increased 18.9 or 2,095 primarily related to increased product demand and current year
 acquisitions. Organic growth, which represents revenues growth excluding revenues from acquisitions within the preceding 12 months, increased in fiscal 2024 by 15.6 .

Gross Profit

Gross profit was 10,516 and 8,683 for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing a year-over-year increase of 1,833. In the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and
 2023, the Life Sciences segment had a gross profit margin of 79.9 and 78.5 , respectively. The increase in gross profit margin resulted from an improvement in product mix.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Life Sciences segment were 7,216 and 6,149 for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year-over-year increase was due to
 additional expenses from acquired businesses. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses were 54.9 and 55.6 for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively.

Income from Operations

The Life Sciences business earned 3,300 and 2,534 in income from operations for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in operating income was primarily due to increased
 product demand and incremental revenue from acquisitions. As a result of these factors, income from operations as a percentage of revenue increased from 22.9 in fiscal year 2023 to 25.1 in fiscal year 2024.

26 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations - Manufacturing 

The Company s Manufacturing segment manufactures and distributes mixing equipment and apparatuses for specific applications within various industries. The customer base is comprised
 of small- to mid-sized businesses as well as other larger customers for which they fulfill repetitive production orders.

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2024

2023

Revenues

10,072

9,338

Cost of sales

4,661

4,463

Gross profit

5,411

4,875

Gross profit margin

53.7

52.2

Selling, general and administrative expenses

3,129

2,978

Income from operations

2,282

1,897

Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 

Revenues

Total revenues were 10,072 in fiscal 2024 compared with 9,338 in fiscal 2023, an increase of 7.9 . The increase in revenues largely reflected an increase in manufacturing volume in
 the business.

Gross Profit

Gross profit was 5,411 and 4,875 for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year-over-year increase in gross profit reflected an increase in sales volume. Gross profit
 margin for the Manufacturing segment during fiscal 2024 was 53.7 , as compared to 52.2 , in fiscal 2023. The increase in gross profit margin was generally due to the increase in sales volume and economies of scale.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Manufacturing segment were 3,129 and 2,978 for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 151, or 5.1 . As a
 percentage of gross revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses were 31.1 and 31.9 for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. This decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of gross
 revenues was the result of our leverage over overhead expenses due to higher volumes and revenues.

Income from Operations

Income from operations for fiscal 2024 was 2,282 compared to 1,897 in fiscal 2023, representing a 20.3 increase compared to the prior fiscal year and consistent with the increase
 in revenues and gross margin, combined with a proportionally lower increase in selling, general and administrative expenses.

27 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Corporate and Other 

Below is a reconciliation of income from operating segments to net (loss) available to common stockholders:

Years Ended

 September 30,

2024

2023

(In thousands)

Total income from operating segments

10,982

9,235

Corporate expenses

(4,620

(4,331

Amortization expense

(2,299

(2,098

Stock-based compensation - Corporate

(305

(207

Total Corporate expenses

(7,224

(6,636

Interest expense

(2,318

(1,998

Other expense

(346

(76

Net income before taxes

1,094

525

Income tax benefit (expense)

(543

198

Net Income

551

723

Preferred stock dividends

(328

(284

Net Income Available to Common Stockholders

223

439

Total Corporate Expenses

Corporate expenses, which include amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation and merger and acquisition expenses, increased by 588 to 7,224, or 8.9 , in fiscal
 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense and amortization expense. We incur merger and acquisition deal-related expenses and intangible amortization at the
 Corporate level rather than at the segment level.

Interest Expense

Interest expense for the consolidated company increased 320, or 16.0 , to 2,318 in fiscal 2024 from 1,998 in fiscal 2023. The increase was primarily due to a higher average debt
 outstanding and higher interest rates.

Income Tax Benefit (Expense)

On a consolidated basis, the Company recorded an income tax expense of 543 in fiscal 2024, as compared to an income tax benefit of 198 in fiscal 2023. The increase in income tax
 expense was primarily due to an increase in pretax income.

Preferred Stock Dividends

Preferred stock dividends include the Company s Series C Stock dividends accrued or paid. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, preferred stock dividends were
 328 and 284, respectively. Preferred stock dividends for fiscal 2024 increased by 44, or 15.5 , compared to fiscal 2023. The increase in preferred stock dividends was the result of the increase in the dividend rate of the
 Series C Stock by 1 on January 1, 2024. Such rate is set to increase on each January 1 thereafter for three years to a maximum rate of 9 . The dividend rate of the Series C Stock as of each of September 30, 2024 and September
 30, 2023 was 6 and 5 , respectively. Dividends accrued on the Company s Series C Stock were 2,271 and 2,029 as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Net Income

Net income was 551, or 0.45 per diluted share, for fiscal 2024 and 723, or 0.60 per diluted share, for fiscal year 2023. The decrease in net income was primarily due to a
 change in fair value of an earnout, higher stock-based compensation and higher income tax expense, partially offset by higher profits in our operating segments.

28 

Table of Contents 

Net income Available to Common Stockholders

Net income available to common stockholders was 223 or 0.18 per diluted share for fiscal 2024 and 439 or 0.36 per diluted share for fiscal 2023. The decrease in net income
 available to common stockholders was due to the change in net income discussed above and higher preferred stock dividends.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

General 

Our ability to satisfy liquidity requirements including satisfying debt obligations and funding working capital, day-to-day operating expenses and capital
 expenditures depends upon future performance , which is subject to general economic conditions, competition and other factors, some of which are beyond Janel s control. Our Logistics
 segment depends on commercial credit facilities to fund day-to-day operations, as there is a difference between the timing of collection cycles and the timing of payments to vendors. 

As a customs broker, our Logistics segment makes significant cash advances for a select group of our credit-worthy customers. These cash advances are for customer obligations, such
 as the payment of duties and taxes to customs authorities primarily in the United States. Increases in duty rates could result in increases in the amounts we advance on behalf of our customers. Cash advances are a pass through 
 and are not recorded as a component of revenues or expense. The billings of such advances to customers are accounted for as a direct increase in accounts receivable from the customer and a corresponding increase in accounts
 payable to governmental customs authorities. These pass through billings can influence our traditional credit collection metrics. For customers that meet certain criteria, we have agreed to extend payment terms beyond our
 customary terms. Management believes that it has established effective credit control procedures and has historically experienced relatively insignificant collection problems.

Janel s cash flow performance for the 2024 fiscal year may not necessarily be indicative of future cash flow performance.

As of September 30, 2024, and compared with the prior fiscal year, the Company s cash and cash equivalents increased by 371, or 15.1 , to 2,832 from 2,461 as of September 30,
 2023. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, Janel s net working capital deficiency (current assets less current liabilities) increased by 5,855, from 19,549) at September 30, 2023 to 25,404) at September 30,
 2024.

Cash flows from operating activities

Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 was 6,832 and 11,388, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by operations for the year ended September 30, 2024 was driven principally by reduced net income, unrealized loss on marketable securities, and the timing of cash collections for
 accounts receivables primarily in our Logistics segment for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

Cash flows used in investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities, mainly for the acquisition of subsidiaries, was 5,636 for fiscal 2024 and 6,500 for fiscal 2023. Net cash used in investing activities for
 fiscal 2024 related to two acquisitions; one in our Life Sciences segment and one in our Logistics segment. The fiscal 2023 net cash used in investing activities related to the two acquisitions in our Life Sciences segment and
 earnout payments to the former owners of ELFS. The Company also used 1,003 for the acquisition of property and equipment for the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 360 for the year ended September 30, 2023.

Cash flows used in financing activities

Net cash used in financing activities was 574 for fiscal 2024 and 9,018 for fiscal 2023. Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2024 primarily came from repayments on
 our term loan as well as repayment on our subordinated promissory note, partially offset by borrowings from our line of credit. Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2023 primarily included repayment of our term
 loan and line of credit.

29 

Table of Contents 

Credit Facilities 

Logistics

Santander Bank Facility

The wholly-owned subsidiaries that comprise the Company s Logistics segment (collectively, the Janel Group Borrowers ), with the Company as a guarantor, have a Loan and Security
 Agreement (as amended, the Santander Loan Agreement with Santander Bank, N.A. Santander with respect to a revolving line of credit facility (the Santander Facility ). The Santander Loan Agreement provides for the
 following: (i) the maximum revolving facility amount available of 35,000 (limited to 90 of the Janel Group Borrowers eligible accounts receivable borrowing base and reserves, subject to adjustments set forth in the
 Santander Loan Agreement) (ii) the LIBOR basis on which interest under the Santander Loan Agreement was calculated under certain circumstances was changed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and interest on the
 Santander Facility accrues at an annual rate equal to the one-month SOFR plus 2.75 ; (iii) a one-time increase from 1,000 to 3,000 in the amount the Company was permitted to distribute to holders of the Company s Series C
 Preferred Stock if specified conditions are met and (iv) the amount of indebtedness of the Company s Antibodies Incorporated subsidiary that the Company was permitted to guaranty was increased from 2,920 to 5,000.

The Santander Loan Agreement matures on September 21, 2026. The Janel Group Borrowers obligations under the Santander Facility are secured by all of the assets of the Janel
 Group Borrowers, while the Santander Loan Agreement contains customary terms and covenants. As a result of its terms, the Santander Facility is classified as a current liability on the consolidated balance sheet.

On January 30, 2023, the Santander Loan Agreement was further amended by the Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Third Santander
 Amendment ). As amended by the terms of the Third Santander Amendment, the percentage of the Borrowers eligible accounts receivable used to calculate the borrowing base under the Loan Agreement was increased from 85 to 90 
 for Domestic Insured Accounts (as defined in the Amendment), subject to adjustments set forth in the Loan Agreement.

On April 25, 2023, in connection with an amendment to the Credit Agreement entered into with First Merchants Bank First Merchants as described further below, we entered into
 the Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Fourth Santander Amendment ). The Fourth Santander Amendment (i) included modifications to address the amendments made to the First Merchants
 Credit Facilities (as defined below) and the consolidation of the debt thereunder and (ii) terminated the subordination agreement relating to the Company s guarantee of the First Merchant s Credit Facilities.

On August 22, 2023, we entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Fifth Santander Amendment ). The Fifth Santander Amendment
 permitted certain unsecured guaranties by the Company in the ordinary course of business guarantying obligations of subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 4,000 and related modifications to certain negative
 covenants.

On December 1, 2023, in connection with an amendment (the Purchase Agreement Amendment to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of September 21, 2021
 (the Purchase Agreement among Janel Group, Inc. Janel Group ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC ELFS and former shareholders of ELFS (the ELFS Sellers ), (i) the
 Janel Group Borrowers and Santander entered into an Acknowledgment and Consent Agreement pursuant to which Santander consented to the Purchase Agreement Amendment and the effect of the modifications thereunder on the Santander
 Loan Agreement and (ii) the ELFS Sellers and Santander entered into an Acknowledgment and Consent Agreement pursuant to which Santander consented to the Purchase Agreement Amendment and the effect of the modifications
 thereunder on the Subordination Agreement (as defined in the Santander Loan Agreement) between Santander and the ELFS Sellers.

On December 21, 2023, we entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Santander Loan Agreement (the Sixth Santander Amendment ). The Sixth Santander Amendment modified the reporting
 due date of the monthly borrowing base calculation from the fifth day to the fifteenth day of each month.

On June 5, 2024, we entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Santander Loan Agreement (the Seventh Santander Amendment ). The Seventh Santander Amendment added Airschott as a
 loan party obligor and borrower.

At September 30, 2024, outstanding borrowings under the Santander Facility were 19,313, representing 55.2 of the 35,000 available thereunder, and interest was accruing at an
 effective interest rate of 7.65 .

At September 30, 2023, outstanding borrowings under the Santander Facility were 18,759, representing 53.6 of the 35,000 available thereunder, and interest was accruing at an
 effective interest rate of 7.60 .

30 

Table of Contents 

The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants defined in the Santander Loan Agreement at both September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023.

Working Capital Requirements

Through September 30, 2024, the Logistics segment s cash needs were met by the Santander Facility and cash on hand. As of September 30, 2024, the Logistics segment had, subject to
 collateral availability, 5,852 available for future borrowings under its 35,000 Santander Facility and 748 in cash.

The Company believes that its current financial resources will be sufficient to finance the operations and obligations (current and long-term liabilities) of the Logistics segment
 for the short- and long-term. However, the actual working capital needs of the Logistics segment will depend upon numerous factors, including operating results; the costs associated with growing the Logistics segment, either
 organically or through acquisitions; competition and availability under the Santander Facility, none of which can be predicted with certainty. If cash flow and available credit are not sufficient to fund working capital, the
 operations of the Logistics segment will be materially negatively impacted.

Life Sciences and Manufacturing

First Merchants Bank Credit Facility

On February 29, 2016, Indco entered into a Credit Agreement (as amended, the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement with First Merchants Bank First Merchants ).

On April 25, 2023, Indco and certain other Subsidiaries of the Company that are part of the Life Science and Manufacturing segments (together with Indco, the Borrowers and each,
 a Borrower ), entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with First Merchants. The Credit Agreement constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement. The credit facilities
 provided under the Credit Agreement (the First Merchants Credit Facilities consist of a 3,000 revolving loan (limited to the borrowing base and reserves), a 5,000 acquisition loan, a 6,905 Term A loan and a 620 Term B
 loan as a continuation of the mortgage loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement. Interest accrues on the outstanding revolving loan, Term A loan and acquisition loan at an annual rate equal to one-month adjusted
 term SOFR plus either (i) 2.75 (if the Borrowers total funded debt to EBITDA ratio is less or equal to 1.75:1.00) or (ii) 3.50 (if the Borrowers total funded debt to EBITDA ratio is greater than to 1.75:1.00). Interest
 accrues on the Term B loan at an annual rate of 4.19 . The Borrowers obligations under the First Merchants Credit Facilities are secured by all of the Borrowers real property and other assets, and are guaranteed by the
 Company, and the Company s guarantee of the Borrowers obligations is secured by a pledge of the Company s equity interests in certain of the Borrowers. The revolving loan portion will expire on August 1, 2027, the Term A loan
 portion will mature on April 25, 2033, the Term B loan portion will mature on July 1, 2025 and the acquisition loan will permit multiple draws until October 25, 2024, at which point the outstanding principal amount will
 amortize, with all remaining amounts due at maturity of the acquisition loan on April 25, 2029; each of the foregoing maturities, subject to earlier termination as provided in the Credit Agreement and unless renewed or extended.

On January 10, 2024, the First Merchants Credit Facilities was amended to provide for, among other changes, permitted affiliate loans provided availability on its revolving loan
 both before and after giving effect to any such loan, is not less than 1,000 and maturity of such permitted affiliate loans are not to exceed fourteen days from disbursement.

As of September 30, 2024, there were 3,700 of outstanding borrowings under the acquisition loan, 4,028 of outstanding borrowings under the Term A loan and 585 of outstanding
 borrowings under the Term B loan, with interest accruing on the acquisition loan and revolving loan at an effective interest rate of 7.82 each, and on the Term A loan and Term B loan at an effective interest rate of 7.82 and
 4.19 , respectively.

As of September 30, 2023, there were 500 of outstanding borrowings under the acquisition loan, 450 of outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan, 6,235 of outstanding
 borrowings under the Term A loan and 610 of outstanding borrowings under the Term B loan, with interest accruing on the acquisition loan and revolving loan at an effective interest rate of 8.18 and on the Term A loan and
 Term B loan at an effective interest rate of 8.18 and 4.19 , respectively.

The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants defined in the First Merchants Credit Agreement at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023.

31 

Table of Contents 

Working Capital Requirements

Life Sciences and Manufacturing s cash needs are currently met by the Term A loan, Term B loan, revolving loan and acquisition loan under the First Merchants Credit Facilities and
 cash on hand. As of September 30, 2024, Life Sciences and Manufacturing had 3,000 available under its 3,000 revolving loan and had 1,300 available under its 5,000 acquisition loan subject to collateral availability and 800
 and 1,075 in cash, respectively. The Company believes that the current financial resources will be sufficient to finance the Life Sciences and Manufacturing segment s operations and obligations (current and long-term
 liabilities) for the long- and short- term. However, actual working capital needs will depend upon numerous factors, including operating results; the cost associated with growing the Life Sciences and Manufacturing segments,
 either organically or through acquisitions; competition; and availability under the revolving credit facility, none of which can be predicted with certainty. If cash flow and available credit are not sufficient to fund working
 capital, Life Sciences and Manufacturing s operations will be materially negatively impacted.

CURRENT OUTLOOK 

The results of operations in the Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing segments are affected by the general economic cycle, particularly as it influences global trade levels
 and specifically the import and export activities of our Logistics segment s various current and prospective customers. Historically, the Company s annual results of operations have been subject to seasonal trends which have
 been the result of, or influenced by, numerous factors including climate, national holidays, consumer demand, economic conditions, the growth and diversification of the segment s international network and service offerings and
 other similar and subtle forces.

The Company cannot accurately forecast many of these factors, nor can it estimate accurately the relative influence of any particular factor and, as a result, there can be no
 assurance that historical patterns, if any, will continue in future periods.

The Company s subsidiaries are implementing business strategies to grow revenues and profitability for fiscal 2025 and beyond. Our Logistics strategy calls for additional branch
 offices, introduction of new revenue streams for existing locations, sales force expansion, additional acquisitions and a continued focus on implementing lean methodologies to contain operating expenses.

Our Life Sciences and Manufacturing segments expect to introduce new product lines and wider distribution and promotion of their products with internet sales efforts. In addition
 to supporting its subsidiaries growth plans, the Company may seek to grow by entering new business segments through acquisition.

Certain elements of the Company s profitability and growth strategy, including proposals for acquisition and accelerating revenue growth, are contingent upon the availability of
 adequate financing on terms acceptable to the Company.

Without adequate equity and/or debt financing, the implementation of significant aspects of the Company s strategic growth plan may be deferred beyond the originally anticipated
 timing, and the Company s operations may be materially negatively impacted.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our accounting policies are described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, included herein, which contains a summary of the significant accounting policies and
 methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), which require us to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
 during the year. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements and the
 uncertainties that could impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Business Combinations and Related Acquired Intangible Assets and Goodwill . We record all tangible and intangible assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed in a business combination at fair value as of the acquisition date in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 Business Combinations. Acquisition date fair value represents the price that
 would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as measured on the acquisition date. The valuations are based on information that existed as of the
 acquisition date. During the measurement period, which shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may adjust provisional amounts recorded for assets acquired and liabilities assumed to reflect new information that
 we have subsequently obtained regarding facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Such fair value assessments require judgments and estimates, which may cause final amounts to differ materially from
 original estimates.

32 

Table of Contents 

As part of acquisitions of businesses, we acquired certain identifiable intangible assets, which are valued as of the acquisition date using a discounted cash flow DCF model.
 Key assumptions in the DCF model include (i) future revenues, (ii) earnings before interest, taxes depreciation and amortization EBITDA and (iii) the weighted average cost of capital discount rate. Estimated future revenues
 include assumptions about our ability to renew contracts in a competitive bidding process. A decrease in revenues or gross and EBITDA margins may adversely affect the value of identifiable intangible assets. The discount rate
 focuses on rates of return for equity and debt and is calculated using public information from selected guideline companies. The magnitude of the discount rate reflects the perceived risk of an investment. A change in the
 estimated risk of the acquired company cash flows would change the discount rate, which in turn could significantly affect the valuation of acquired identifiable intangible assets.

The excess amount of the aggregated purchase consideration paid over the fair value of the net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is
 evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change, such as material deterioration in performance that would indicate an impairment may exist. When evaluating goodwill for impairment,
 we may first perform a qualitative assessment step zero of the impairment test) to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. If we decide not to perform a qualitative assessment, or if we
 determine that it is more likely than not the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its the fair value, then we perform a quantitative assessment step one of the impairment test) and calculate the estimated fair value
 of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the carrying amount to its estimated fair value. The decision to perform a
 qualitative impairment assessment in a given year is influenced by a number of factors, including the significance of the excess of the reporting units estimated fair value over carrying amount at the last quantitative
 assessment date, the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments and the date of our acquisitions.

No indicators of impairment were identified from the date of our annual impairment test through September 30, 2024.

A qualitative assessment is performed for intangibles and long-lived assets to determine if there are any indicators that the carrying amount might not be recovered. A quantitative
 analysis may be performed in order to test the intangibles and long-lived assets for impairment. If a quantitative analysis is necessary, an income approach, specifically a relief from royalty method, is used to estimate the
 fair value of the intangibles and long-lived assets. Principal factors used in the relief from royalty method that require judgment are projected net sales, discount rates, royalty rates and terminal growth assumptions.

The estimated fair value of each intangible and long-lived assets is compared to its carrying amount to determine if impairment exists. If the carrying amount of intangibles and
 long-lived assets exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the carrying amount of the intangibles and long-lived assets. No indicators of impairment of our intangibles and long-lived
 assets were identified from the date of our annual impairment test through September 30, 2024.

RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

The recent accounting standards is discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

While we prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we also utilize and present certain financial measures, in particular adjusted operating income, which is
 not based on or included in U.S. GAAP (we refer to these as non-GAAP financial measures ).

Organic Growth

Our non-GAAP financial measure of organic growth represents revenues growth excluding revenues from acquisitions within the preceding 12 months. The organic growth presentation
 provides useful period-to-period comparison of revenues results as it excludes revenues from acquisitions that would not be included in the comparable prior period.

Adjusted Operating Income

As a result of our acquisition strategy, our net income includes material non-cash charges relating to the amortization of customer-related intangible assets in the ordinary course
 of business as well as other intangible assets acquired in our acquisitions. Although these charges may increase as we complete more acquisitions, we believe we will be growing the value of our intangible assets such as customer
 relationships. Because these charges are not indicative of our operations, we believe that adjusted operating income is a useful financial measure for investors because it eliminates the effect of these non-cash costs and
 provides an important metric for our business that is more representative of the actual results of our operations.

Adjusted operating income (which excludes the non-cash impact of amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation and cost recognized on the sale of acquired inventory
 valuation) is used by management as a supplemental performance measure to assess our business s ability to generate cash and economic returns.

33 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted operating income is a non-GAAP measure of income and does not include the effects of preferred stock dividends, interest and taxes.

We believe that organic growth and adjusted operating income provide useful information in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as management.
 However, organic growth and adjusted operating income are not financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for total revenues, operating income or any other operating
 performance measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Using these non-GAAP financial measures to analyze our business has material limitations because the calculations are based on the subjective determination of
 management regarding the nature and classification of events and circumstances that users of the financial statements may find significant.

In addition, although other companies in our industry may report measures titled organic growth, adjusted operating income or similar measures, such non-GAAP financial measures may
 be calculated differently from how we calculate our non-GAAP financial measures, which reduces their overall usefulness as comparative measures. Because of these limitations, you should consider organic growth and adjusted
 operating income alongside other financial performance measures, including total revenues, operating income and our other financial results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

Consistent with the rules applicable to smaller reporting companies , we have omitted the information required by Item 7A.

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item 8 are included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and set forth in the pages indicated in Item
 15(a) of this Annual Report and are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Janel maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is required to be disclosed in the reports
 that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and is accumulated and communicated to management, including
 its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
 achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Consistent with guidance issued by the SEC that an assessment of internal
 controls over financial reporting of a recently acquired business may be omitted from management s evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, management is excluding an assessment of such internal controls of ViraQuest
 and Airschott from its evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. ViraQuest, which the Company acquired on February 1, 2024, constituted approximately 1 percent of the Company s total
 assets and 4 percent of income before income taxes of the Company as of and for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. Airschott, which the Company acquired on June 5, 2024, constituted approximately 2 percent of the Logistics
 segment s total assets and a 4 percent of income before income taxes of the Logistics segment as of and for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer have concluded that as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

As referenced above, the Company acquired ViraQuest on February 1, 2024 and Airschott on June 5, 2024. The Company is in the process of reviewing the internal control structure of
 ViraQuest and Airschott and, if necessary, will make appropriate changes as it integrates ViraQuest and Airschott into the Company s overall internal control over financial reporting process. Other than as described above,
 there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended September 30, 2024 that
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

34 

Table of Contents 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is
 defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of
 Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and
 includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company (ii) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the Company and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have
 a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
 future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have performed an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
 the Commission. Based on this assessment, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
 report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that are neither large accelerated filers nor accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank
 Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable

35 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors and Executive Officers 

The current executive officers and directors of the Company are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Darren C. Seirer

50

Board Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

John Eidinger

44

Board Vice Chairman

Gerard van Kesteren

75

Director, Chair of Audit Committee

Karen M. Ryan

60

Director, Chair of Compensation Committee, Senior Advisor to Life Sciences

Gregory J. Melsen

72

Director, Chair of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

John J. Gonzalez, II

74

Director, Senior Advisor for Mergers and Acquisitions

Gregory B. Graves

64

Director

Joseph R. Ferrara

60

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

Darren C. Seirer has served as Board Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 1, 2023. Mr. Seirer has
 been a private investor since 2019 and he has served as an advisor to the Company since 2021. Mr. Seirer was previously at Select Equity Group, L.P. from 1993 to 2019. Mr. Seirer has also served as a director of Rubicon since
 2022. Mr. Seirer is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors based on his extensive experience in financial services and mergers and acquisitions.

John Eidinger has served as Vice Chairman of the Board since January 1, 2023. Since 2019, Mr. Eidinger has advised and assisted the
 Company in business development. Previously, Mr. Eidinger was a private investor. From 2011 until 2017, Mr. Eidinger was an associate portfolio manager from Select Equity Group, L.P. Mr. Eidinger is well-qualified to serve as
 a member of the Company s Board of Directors based on his extensive experience in financial services and mergers and acquisitions.

Gerard van Kesteren has served as a Director of Janel since November 2015. From 1999 until 2014, Mr. van Kesteren served as the Chief
 Financial Officer of Kuehne + Nagel Group, an international freight forwarder and leading global provider of innovative and fully integrated supply chain solutions. Mr. van Kesteren has served as a director of Raben Group NV
 (Netherlands) and Planzer Holding AG (Switzerland) since 2015, and Deufol SE (Germany) since 2022. Additionally, Mr. van Kesteren had previously served as a director of CTP NV (Netherlands) from 2021 to 2024. Mr. van Kesteren is
 well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors based on his extensive experience in the freight forwarding and logistics industry. Mr. van Kesteren serves as the chair of the Audit Committee.

John J. Gonzalez, II has served as a Director of Janel since June 2016. Prior to that, he was a Senior Managing Director of Janel Group,
 following the August 2014 purchase by the Company of Alpha International and President Container Lines Alpha/PCL ), which he co-founded in 1979. Mr. Gonzalez has been involved in the transportation business since 1969. Mr.
 Gonzalez is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors based on his extensive experience in the freight forwarding and logistics industry and also serves as a senior advisor to the Company.

Gregory J. Melsen has served as a Director of Janel since January 2018. From 2005 to 2014, he was Vice
 President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Techne Corporation (now Bio-Techne Corporation), a leading developer and manufacturer of specialty biological products that were sold to biomedical
 researchers and clinical research laboratories, and hematology controls that were used in hospital and clinical laboratories to check the performance of blood analysis instruments. Mr. Melsen has 50
 years of business experience, primarily in the accounting and finance areas. He has served as Chief Financial Officer at a number of companies and has 19 years of public accounting experience, including nine years as partner
 at Deloitte. Mr. Melsen is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors based on his extensive experience in accounting and finance. Mr. Melsen serves as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee. 

Karen M. Ryan , also known professionally as Karen Padgett, has served as a Director of Janel since October 2021. Prior to that, she served
 as Vice President of Global Marketing and Vice President of the Antibody Business Unit of Bio-Techne, a public global life science business from 2014 until 2019. From 1996 until 2014, Ms. Ryan was the founder and Chief Executive
 Officer of Novus Biologicals, a private research reagent company, which she successfully grew until its sale to Bio-Techne. Ms. Ryan is well qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors based on her
 extensive life science and executive leadership experience. Ms. Ryan serves as chair of the Compensation Committee.

36 

Table of Contents 

Gregory B. Graves has served as a Director of Janel since May 31, 2023. Mr. Graves served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer and Treasurer of Entegris, Inc. Entegris ), a company focused on specialty chemicals and advanced materials solutions, from March 2007 to May 15, 2023. Prior to March 2007, he served as Senior Vice President,
 Strategic Planning Business Development of Entegris. Prior to joining Entegris Minnesota in September 2002, Mr. Graves held positions in investment banking, corporate development and public accounting, including at U.S.
 Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Dain Rauscher, The Pillsbury Company and Deloitte. Mr. Graves has served as a director of Axcelis Technology since February of 2024. In 2022, Mr. Graves joined the Board of Directors of Skywater
 Technologies, Inc. (a semiconductor manufacturer). Mr. Graves has served as a director of Laird Superfood, Inc. (a plant-based food company) since September 2018, and was a member of the Board of Directors of Plug Power Inc.
 (an energy solutions provider) from May 2017 to June 2019. Mr. Graves is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s Board of Directors based on his extensive experience in accounting and finance.

Joseph R. Ferrara is Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company and has served in such capacities since February
 2024. Before joining the Company, Mr. Ferrara was the Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Rubicon Technology, Inc. (Rubicon), an OTC listed industrial company, from February 2023 to October 2023. Prior to joining
 Rubicon, Mr. Ferrara spent 15 years as a financial consultant to various other private companies. Prior to that Mr. Ferrara spent 17 years at Louis Dreyfus Commodities, North America, most recently as its Chief Financial
 Officer. Prior to that Mr. Ferrara spent five years with Ernst Young as a senior auditor. Mr. Ferrara has a B.S. in Accounting from the University at Albany, State University of New York and an MBA in finance and
 international business from New York University s Stern School of Business.

Directors hold office for a one-year term until they are re-elected, or their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The executive officers are elected by the Board of
 Directors on an annual basis and serve under the direction of the Board. Executive officers devote all of their business time to the Company s affairs.

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of its Class A common stock to file reports of
 ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC and to furnish the Company with copies of all such reports they file.

Based on the Company s review of the copies of such forms received by it, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that none of
 its directors, executive officers or persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the Company s common stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) reporting requirements during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 .

Board of Directors 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Board of Directors met eleven times. No incumbent director attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of the total number of
 meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company and the total number of meetings held by all Board committees in which that director served.

Committees.

The Company s Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee operates under a
 charter that has been approved by the Company s Board of Directors and is available on its website located at www.janelcorp.com .

Audit Committee.

The Company s audit committee Audit Committee oversees its corporate accounting and financial reporting process. The Audit Committee consists of Mr. van Kesteren as the chair,
 Mr. Gonzalez, Mr. Melsen, Mr. Graves and Ms. Ryan. The Audit Committee met five times during fiscal 2024. The Audit Committee has the following responsibilities, among others, as set forth in the Audit Committee charter:

reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of external auditors, their independence from Janel and any additional assignments they may be given, as well as reviewing their appointment,
 termination and remuneration 

reviewing and assessing the scope and plan of the audit, the examination process, audit results and reports, as well as whether auditor recommendations have been implemented by management 

recommending the approval of the annual internal audit report, including the responses of management thereto 

assessing management s established risk assessment and any proposed measures to reduce risk 

37 

Table of Contents 

assessing the Company s efforts and policies of compliance with relevant laws and regulations 

reviewing, in tandem with external auditors, as well as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, whether accounting principles and the financial control mechanisms of Janel
 and its subsidiaries are appropriate in view of Janel s size and complexity and

reviewing annual and interim statutory and consolidated financial statements intended for publication and recommending such financial statements to the Board of Directors.

The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren and Ms. Ryan meet the definition of independent directors
 under the Company s criteria. The Board of Directors of the Company has also determined that Mr. Graves and Mr. Melsen meet the Company s independence criteria for audit committee membership, which is based on the Nasdaq rules
 regarding audit committee independence. The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that Mr. Gonzalez does not meet the Company s independence criteria for audit committee membership, as he received an annual 90,000
 consulting fee and cost of health insurance of 19,000 during fiscal year 2024 for services rendered to the Company s Logistics segment. The Board of Directors of the Company has also determined that Ms. Ryan does not meet the
 Company s independence criteria for audit committee membership, as she received 12,500 of consulting fees during fiscal year 2024 for services rendered to the Company s Life Sciences segment. The Board of Directors of the
 Company has also determined that Mr. van Kesteren does not meet the Company s independence criteria for audit committee membership, as he received an annual 40,000 consulting fee during fiscal year 2024 for services rendered
 to the Company s Logistics segment. While the Company s Board of Directors has determined each of Messrs. Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren to be an audit committee financial expert based on their respective experiences, the Company s Board of Directors designated Gerard van Kesteren as the audit committee financial expert considering his experience as Chief Financial Officer of Kuehne + Nagel Group. 

Compensation Committee

The Company s compensation committee (the Compensation Committee formulates, reviews and recommends compensation policies that are consistent with Janel s established
 compensation philosophy and that will enable it to attract and retain high-quality leadership.

The Compensation Committee met four times during fiscal 2024. The Compensation Committee has the following responsibilities, among others, as set forth in the Compensation
 Committee s charter:

reviewing and approving the Company s general compensation philosophy and objectives 

reviewing and approving the corporate goals and individual objectives relevant to the compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and evaluating the performance of the Chief Executive
 Officer considering these objectives 

approving base salary amounts, incentive and bonus compensation amounts and individual stock and/or option grants and awards for the Chief Executive Officer and, based on the recommendation of
 the Chief Executive Officer, all corporate officers at or above the Vice President level 

reviewing all forms of compensation for the Company s senior management, including the form and amount of current salary, deferred salary, cash and non-cash benefits, and all compensation
 plans 

reviewing the Company s significant severance or similar termination payments and administering the Company s stock option and other incentive compensation plans and programs 

amending or modifying, where appropriate, the provisions of any compensation or benefit plan that does not require stockholder approval 

preparing and approving reports to stockholders on compensation matters which are required by the SEC and other government bodies 

performing an annual performance appraisal for members of the Company s senior management designated by the Board of Directors 

establishing levels of director compensation to include marketplace reviews of retainers, meeting fees, stock plans and other similar components of compensation and

annually reviewing succession plans for key positions within the Company.

The Company s Compensation Committee consists of Ms. Ryan as the chair and Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren. The Company s Board of Directors has determined that
 Ms. Ryan and Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren are independent members of the Compensation Committee.

38 

Table of Contents 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The Company s nominating and corporate governance committee (the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for developing and implementing policies and
 procedures that are intended to assure that Janel s Board of Directors and the Boards of Directors (or equivalent) of its subsidiaries will be appropriately constituted and organized to meet its fiduciary obligations to the
 Company and its stockholders on an ongoing basis. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met four times during fiscal 2024. Among other matters, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for the
 following, as set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s charter:

making recommendations to Janel s Board of Directors regarding matters and practices concerning the Board, its committees and individual directors, as well as matters and practices of the
 Boards, committees and individual directors of each of Janel s subsidiaries 

periodically evaluating the size, composition and governance structure of Janel s Board of Directors and its committees and the Boards and committees of Janel s subsidiaries and determining the
 future requirements of each such body 

periodically making recommendations concerning the qualifications, criteria, compensation and retirement age of members of Janel s Board of Directors and the Boards of its subsidiaries, which
 recommendations, upon approval by Janel s Board of Directors, shall be incorporated in Janel s Corporate Governance Guidelines 

recommending nominees for election to Janel s Board of Directors and the Boards of its subsidiaries and establishing and administering a Board evaluation process and

reviewing timely nominations by stockholders for the election of individuals to Janel s Board of Directors and ensure that such stockholders are advised of any action taken by the Board of
 Directors with respect thereto.

The Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of the Company s full Board of Directors. Mr. Melsen serves as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee.

Independence of Directors

The Company is not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the
 Board of Directors be independent and, as a result, is not at this time required to (and does not) have a Board of Directors comprised of a majority of independent directors. Pursuant to Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K, however,
 Janel must disclose each director that is independent under the independence standards of either the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, as selected by Janel. The Company has elected to use the independence standards prescribed
 under Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2), which defines an independent director as a person who does not have any relationship with the Company which, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise
 of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Based on the applicable criteria, the Company s Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Seirer and Eidinger are not independent by virtue of the
 fact that they are Executive Officers of the Company.

The Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen, and van Kesteren and Ms. Ryan are independent directors.

Director Compensation

The following table summarizes the compensation paid to the Company s non-executive directors for their services during the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 (actual
 dollar amounts):

Name

Fees Earned or

 Paid in Cash (1) 

Option

 Awards (2) 

All Other

 Compensation

Total

John J. Gonzalez

40,000

41,567

109,000

(3) 

190,567

Gerard van Kesteren

50,000

41,567

40,000

(4) 

131,567

Karen M. Ryan

50,000

41,567

12,500

(5) 

104,067

Gregory J. Melsen

50,000

41,567

91,567

Gregory B. Graves

40,000

41,567

81,567

(1) 

Compensation is paid on a monthly basis.

(2) 

The aggregate number of options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 for each director is as follows: Gerard van Kesteren 9,999, John J. Gonzalez II 9,999, Gregory J. Melsen 16,875,
 Karen M. Ryan 7,500, and Gregory B. Graves - 2,500.

(3) 

Represents compensation paid to Mr. Gonzalez in connection with his consulting agreement and medical premium

(4) 

Represents compensation paid to Mr. van Kesteren in connection with his consulting agreement.

(5) 

Represents compensation paid to Ms. Ryan in connection with her consulting agreement

39 

Table of Contents 

For fiscal year 2024 non-employee directors received a retainer at an annual rate of 40,000, payable on a monthly basis, and 2,500 options, pursuant to the Amended and Restated
 Janel Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan or such other equity plan that the Company may adopt from time to time. Directors who also serve as executive officers of the Company do not receive additional compensation for their
 Board service.

Committee chairs receive an additional retainer at an annual rate of 10,000. Non-employee directors are reimbursed for their reasonable travel and other expenses incurred to
 attend Board of Directors or Board committee meetings.

Employment Arrangements

The Company has no active employment agreements with any of its officers or directors.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, including a whistleblower policy, that applies to all of its employees, including executive officers and directors.
 The code of business conduct and ethics, including our whistleblower policy, is available on the Company s website at www.janelcorp.com . The Company intends to disclose, if required, any future amendments to, or waivers
 from, the code of business conduct and ethics within four business days of the waiver or amendment through a website posting or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

The Company s Board of Directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines that serve as a flexible framework within which its Board of Directors and its committees operate.
 These guidelines cover a number of areas, including the size and composition of the Board of Directors, director selection criteria and qualifications, the agenda for Board meetings, Board member access to management and
 independent advisors, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education and annual Board and committee self-evaluations. A copy of the corporate governance guidelines is available on the Company s website at www.janelcorp.com .

Communications with the Board

Any stockholder desiring to contact the Board, or any specific director(s), may send written communications to: Board of Directors (Attention: (Name(s) of director(s), as
 applicable)), c/o the Company s Secretary, 80 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011. Any proper communication so received will be processed by the Secretary. If it is unclear from the communication received whether it was
 intended or appropriate for the Board, the Secretary will (subject to any applicable regulatory requirements) use his or her judgment to determine whether such communication should be conveyed to the Board of Directors or, as
 appropriate, to the member(s) of the Board of Directors named in the communication.

Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight

While the Board of Directors believes that there are various structures that can provide successful leadership to the Company, the Company s executive functions are carried out by
 Mr. Seirer, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as chair of the Company s Board of Directors and, together with the other directors, brings experience, oversight and expertise to the management
 of the Company.

The Board of Directors believes that, due to the small size of the Company, this leadership structure best serves the Company and its stockholders. Management is responsible for
 the day-to-day management of risks the Company faces, while the Board of Directors has collective responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, the Board of Directors has the responsibility to
 satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. To do this, management discusses with the Board of Directors the risks facing the Company and its
 strategy for managing them.

Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies

We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company s securities by our directors, officers and employees, and the Company itself, that we believe is reasonably
 designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the exchange listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form
 10-K.

40 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Introduction

(actual dollar amounts)

The following table provides summary information concerning compensation paid by the Company to our Chief Executive Officer and President, Vice Chairman, our former Principal
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary, and our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. We refer to these individuals collectively as the named executive officers .

Summary Compensation Table

The following table sets forth information regarding the total compensation awarded to, paid to the named executive officers as compensation for their services in all capacities
 during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (actual dollar amounts):

Name and Principal Position

Year

Base

 Salary )

Bonus )

All Other

 Comp. )

Total )

Darren C. Seirer, Chief Executive Officer and President

2024

100,000

1,252

(1) 

101,252

2023

100,000

751

100,751

John Eidinger, Vice Chairman

2024

144,000

144,000

2023

144,000

144,000

Vincent A. Verde, Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

2024

105,885

26,131

(2) 

165,008

(2) 

297,024

2023

215,000

208,355

35,494

458,849

Joseph R. Ferrara, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

2024

155,754

25,000

3,254

(3) 

184,008

(1) 

The amount reported under All Other Compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 includes 1,252 of 401(k) contributions paid on behalf of Mr. Seirer for the fiscal year ended
 2024.

(2) 

Mr. Verde served as Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary through February 16, 2024. The amount reported under the Bonus column for fiscal year ended September 30, 2024
 includes a discretionary bonus of 26,131 related to fiscal year 2023 performance. Amounts reported under All Other Compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 includes 150,000 relating to a separation
 agreement, 11,531 of insurance premiums, and 3,477 of 401(k) contributions paid on behalf of Mr. Verde for the fiscal year ended 2024.

(3) 

Mr. Ferrara was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary on February 14, 2024. The amount reported under the Bonus column for fiscal year ended September 30, 2024
 includes a discretionary bonus of 25,000 related to fiscal year 2024 performance. The amount reported under All Other Compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 includes 3,254 of 401(k) contributions
 paid on behalf of Mr. Ferrara for the fiscal year ended 2024.

Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards

While the Company has adopted the Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to which certain stock awards may be granted to the Company s directors, officers,
 employees and consultants, our current intent is to utilize this plan only to make annual equity awards to the Company s non-employee directors.

Savings and Stock Option Plans

401(k) and Profit-Sharing Plan

(actual dollar amounts)

The Company maintains a qualified retirement plan, commonly referred to as a 401(k) plan covering substantially all full-time employees under each segment.

The Janel Corporation 401(k) Plan allows for employee salary deferrals including Roth 401(k) deferrals, employer matching contributions, employer profit sharing contributions and
 employee rollovers. The Janel Corporation 401(k) Plan provides for participant contributions of up to 50 of annual compensation (not to exceed the IRS limit), as defined by the plan. The Company contributes an amount equal to
 50 of the participant s first 6 of contributions.

The combined expenses charged to operations for contributions made to the plans for the benefit of the employees for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were
 approximately 548,500 and 535,200, respectively.

41 

Table of Contents 

The administrative expense charged to operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 aggregated approximately 75,800 and 65,600, respectively.

Equity Plans

On October 30, 2013, the Board of Directors adopted Janel s 2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the 2013 Option Plan providing for options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of
 common stock for issuance to directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price and other terms of any nonqualified option granted under the 2013 Option Plan is determined
 by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.

On September 21, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Amended and Restated 2017 Janel Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the Amended and Restated Plan ), which
 amended and restated the prior 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as previously amended, and pursuant to which non-statutory stock options, restricted stock awards and stock appreciation rights with respect to up to 200,000 shares of
 the Company s Common Stock, par value .001 per share, may be granted to employees, directors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. Participants and all terms of any grant under the Amended and Restated Plan are
 in the discretion of the Company s Compensation Committee.

Outstanding Equity Awards at September 30, 2024

None of our named executive officers had any outstanding stock awards at September 30, 2024.

Policies and Practices Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards Close in Time to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information

As noted above, we do not grant equity awards to our named executive officers or other employees of the Company and therefore do not have a policy regarding the timing of grants of option awards
 in relation to the disclosure of material non-public information by the Company. If, in the future, we anticipate granting stock options, SARs or similar option-like instruments to our named executive officers or other employees
 of the Company, we expect to establish a policy and/or practice regarding how the Board of Directors determines when to grant such awards and how the Board or Compensation Committee will take material non-public information into
 account when determining the timing and terms of such awards.

42 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The following tables set forth information concerning beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024. For purposes of calculating beneficial
 ownership, Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act requires inclusion of shares of common stock that may be acquired within sixty days of the stated date. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to a table, beneficial ownership of
 shares represents sole voting and investment power with respect to those shares.

Certain Beneficial Owners

The following table reflects the names and addresses of the only persons or entities known to the Company to be the beneficial owners of 5 or more of the outstanding shares of the
 Company s common stock as of September 30, 2024.

Name and address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Percent

 of Class

Oaxaca Group L.L.C. (2) 

485,302

40.0

John Eidinger

186,704

15.4

John J. Gonzalez, II (3) 

96,069

7.9

van Kesteren Foundation (4) 

85,000

7.0

Brendan Killackey

61,300

5.1

(1) 

The address of each person and entity included in this table is 80 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10011, except for the van Kesteren Foundation which is Seestrasse 39, 8846
 Willerzell, Switzerland . 

(2) 

These shares are held by Oaxaca Group L.L.C. Dominique Schulte is the sole member of Oaxaca Group L.L.C. and, therefore, shares beneficial ownership of the shares.

(3) 

Includes 833 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that may be exercised within 60 days of September 30, 2024.

(4) 

Mr. van Kesteren, a director of the Company, and his wife are members of the Board of Directors of the van Kesteren Foundation. Mr. van Kesteren disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of
 the Company s common stock held by the van Kesteren Foundation.

Directors and Executive Officers

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock as of September 30, 2024 by each named executive officer , each
 current director and each nominee for election as a director and all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. An asterisk ) indicates ownership of less than 1 .

Name of Beneficial Owner

Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Percent

 of Class

John Eidinger

186,704

15.4

John J. Gonzalez, II (1) 

96,069

7.9

Gerard van Kesteren (1) 

37,999

3.1

Gregory J. Melsen (1) 

11,875

Karen M. Ryan (1) 

6,944

Gregory B. Graves

3,082

Joseph R. Ferrara

Darren C. Seirer (2) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons)

342,673

26.4

(1) 

Includes 833 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that may be exercised within 60 days of September 30, 2024.

(2) 

Does not include shares beneficially owned by Dominique Schulte, Mr. Seirer s spouse, which are referenced above.

43 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table provides information, as of September 30, 2024, with respect to all compensation arrangements maintained by the Company under which shares of common stock may
 be issued:

Column A

Column B

Column C

Plan Category: Equity Compensation plans not approved by security holders:

Number of securities

 to be issued,

 upon exercise of

 outstanding options,

 warrants and rights

Weighted-average

 exercise price of

 outstanding options,

 warrants and rights

Number of securities

 remaining available

 for future issuance

 under equity

 compensation plans

2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (1) 

3,121

8.01

39,201

Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (2) 

46,872

26.46

57,254

Total

49,993

25.31

96,455

(1) 

On October 30, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Company s 2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan providing for options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of common stock for
 issuance to directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price and other terms of any nonqualified option granted under the 2013 Option Plan is determined by the
 Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.

(2) 

On September 21, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Amended and Restated 2017 Janel Corporation Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to which non-statutory stock options,
 restricted stock awards and stock appreciation rights with respect to up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock may be granted to employees, directors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries.
 Participants and all terms of any grant under the Amended and Restated Plan are in the discretion of the Compensation Committee.

44 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Related Party Transactions

(actual dollar amounts)

Brendan J. Killackey, beneficial owner of 5.1 of the Company and serves as its Chief Information Officer. For fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, Mr. Killackey received a base
 salary of 173,333 and a discretionary bonus of 68,059.

We are not aware of any other transactions since October 1, 2023 or any proposed transactions in which the Company was a party where the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 1 
 of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and 120,000, and in which a director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of our common stock or any member of the immediate
 family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

(actual dollar amounts)

The following reflects the fees of Prager Metis CPAs, LLC, the Company s sole independent public accountant, for the audit of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended
 September 30, 2024 and 2023, and fees billed for other services provided by Prager Metis during those periods.

Year End September 30,

Fee Category

2024

2023

Audit Fees

350,000

338,750

Audit-Related Fees

16,582

50,195

Tax Fees

55,495

Total Fees

366,582

444,440

Audit Fees

Audit fees include fees paid and accrued for professional services rendered by Prager Metis CPA s for 2024 and 2023, fees for the audits of our financial statements included in our
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2024 and 2023, and reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Audit fees also include comfort letter fees for 2023.

Audit-Related Fees

Audit-related services fees include fees paid and accrued for transaction related audit services and agreed upon procedures.

Tax Fees

Tax fees include fees paid and accrued for corporate tax compliance, counsel and advisory services.

Approval of Independent Auditor Services and Fees

The Audit Committee reviews all fees charged by the Company s independent auditors and actively monitors the relationship between audit and non-audit services provided. The Audit
 Committee must pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the Company s independent auditors and fees charged.

45 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) 

Documents filed as part of this report

(1) 

Financial Statements.

The Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report are listed on the Table of Contents to Consolidated Financial Statements.

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, are not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes
 thereto.

(b) 

Exhibits

Exhibit

 No.

Description

2.1 

Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between Janel Corporation and Rubicon Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 5, 2022)

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Wine Systems Design, Inc. (predecessor name) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3A to Wine Systems Design, Inc. (predecessor name)
 Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed May 10, 2001)

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Janel Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2013)

3.3 

Certificate of Designations of Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 29,
 2014)

3.4 

Certificate of Change filed Pursuant to NRS 78.209 for Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 21,
 2015)

3.5 

Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April
 21, 2015)

3.6 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

3.7 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017)

3.8 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed October 17, 2017)

3.9 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021)

3.10 

Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation pursuant to NRS 78.1955 with respect to Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2022)

4.1 

Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed
 December 9, 2022)

10.1 

Janel World Trade, Ltd. 2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2013)

10.2 

Credit Agreement, effective as of February 29, 2016, by and between Indco, Inc. and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

10.3 

Security Agreement, effective as of February 29, 2016, made by Indco and the Company, Inc. for the benefit of First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

10.4 

Continuing Guaranty Agreement, effective as of February 29, 2016, made by Janel Corporation for the benefit of First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

10.5 

Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Janel Corporation and Gerard van Kesteren dated May 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2017)

46 

Table of Contents 

10.6 

Business Loan Agreement, dated June 14, 2018, by and between AB Merger Sub, Inc. and First Northern Bank of Dixon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2018)

10.7 

Promissory Note, dated June 14, 2018, made by AB Merger Sub, Inc. payable to First Northern Bank of Dixon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2018)

10.8 

Deed of Trust, dated June 14, 2018, by Antibodies Incorporated, as Trustor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June
 27, 2018)

10.9 

Commercial Guaranty, dated June 14, 2018, from Janel Corporation (as Guarantor) to First Northern Bank of Dixon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2018)

10.10 

Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, effective as of August 30, 2019, by and between Indco, Inc. and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019)

10.11 

Term Loan Promissory Note, effective as of August 30, 2019, made by Indco, Inc. payable to First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019)

10.12 

Revolving Loan Promissory Note, effective as of August 30, 2019, made by Indco, Inc. payable to First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019)

10.13 

Pledge Agreement, effective as of August 30, 2019, by Janel Corporation to First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019)

10.14 

Consulting Agreement, dated February 26, 2017, between Janel Corporation and John J. Gonzalez, II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Form 10-K for
 the year ended September 30, 2018, filed on July 26, 2019)

10.15 

Consulting Agreement, dated September 28, 2016, between Janel Corporation and Gerard van Kesteren (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company s Form 10-K for
 the year ended September 30, 2018, filed on July 26, 2019)

10.16 

Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement effective as of July 1, 2020, by and between Indco Inc. and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020)

10.17 

Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, a
 Texas limited liability company, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company, as loan party obligors
 dated September 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021)

10.18 

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement between (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 for the quarter ended March 31, 2022)

10.19 

Consent, Waiver and Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., Janel Group, Inc., Expedited
 Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, ELFS Brokerage LLC, Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 July 13, 2022)

10.20 

Form letter purchase agreement, dated March 31, 2022, between the Company and holders of Series C Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022)

10.21 

Amended and Restated 2017 Janel Corporation Equity Incentive Plan dated September 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of the Company s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021)

10.22 

Subscription Agreement for sale of Series C Preferred Stock dated as of September 30, 2021 between Janel Corporation and Oaxaca Group LLC (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021)

10.23 

Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement effective as of August 1, 2022 entered into by and among Indco, Inc., and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022)

10.24 

Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and
 Freight Services, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability
 company, as loan party obligors dated January 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022)

10.25 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Indco, Inc., Antibodies Incorporated, Aves Labs, Inc., Phosphosolutions LLC, Immunochemistry Technologies LLC, ECM
 Biosciences, LLC, Stephen Hall PhD LTD, Immunobioscience Corp., (collectively as borrowers), and each individually, a Borrower ), and First Merchants Bank dated April 25, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023).

47 

Table of Contents 

10.26 

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Indco, Inc. a Tennessee corporation, Antibodies Incorporated, a California corporation, Aves
 Labs, Inc., an Oregon corporation, PhosphoSolutions LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, ImmunoChemistry Technologies LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, ECM BioSciences, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability
 company, Stephen Hall, PHD LTD, an Indiana corporation, ImmunoBioScience Corp., a Washington corporation (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation, a Nevada corporation, as guarantor, and First Merchants Bank, as
 bank, dated January 10, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024)

10.27 

Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and
 Freight Services, LLC, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, as loan party obligors dated April 25, 2023 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report 

on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023).

10.28 

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and
 Freight Services, LLC, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, as loan party obligors dated August 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.27 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023).

10.29 

Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and
 Freight Services, LLC, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, as loan party obligors dated December 21, 2023 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023).

10.30 

Consent, Joinder and Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2024, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender,
 Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, ELFS Brokerage LLC, Janel Corporation, Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC and Airschott, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter June 30, 2024)

10.31 

Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated September 21, 2021, by and among Janel Group, Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC and former shareholders of
 Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021)

10.32 

Amendment, dated December 1, 2023, to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated September 21, 2021, by and among Janel Group, Expedited Logistics and Freight
 Services, LLC and former shareholders of Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023)

10.33 

Separation Agreement with Vincent A. Verde, dated as of March 4, 2024 (filed herewith)

10.34 

Consulting Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, between Janel Corporation and Karen Ryan (filed herewith)

19.1 

Insider Trading Policy, effective May 2, 2024 (filed herewith)

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith)

23.1 

Consent of Prager Metis CPAs, LLC (filed herewith)

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer (filed herewith)

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith)

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (furnished herewith)

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (furnished herewith)

101

Interactive data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 in Inline XBRL
 (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
 ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024
 and 2023, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith)

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Interactive Data Files submitted as Exhibit 101) (filed herewith)

Represents management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors and/or executive officers are entitled to participate.

48 

Table of Contents 

Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the
 agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific
 context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

49 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Janel Corporation has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

JANEL CORPORATION

 (Registrant)

Date: December 6, 2024

By:

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Darren C. Seirer

Director, Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

Date: December 6, 2024

By:

/s/ Joseph R. Ferrara

Joseph R. Ferrara

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

 (Principal Financial Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
 and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Director, Board Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

December 6, 2024

Darren C. Seirer

/s/ John Eidinger

Director, Board Vice Chairman

December 6, 2024

John Eidinger

/s/ Joseph R. Ferrara

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

December 6, 2024

Joseph R. Ferrara

/s/ John J. Gonzalez, II

Director

December 6, 2024

John J. Gonzalez, II

/s/ Gregory J. Melsen

Director

December 6, 2024

Gregory J. Melsen

/s/ Karen M. Ryan

Director

December 6, 2024

Karen M. Ryan

/s/ Gerard van Kesteren

Director

December 6, 2024

Gerard van Kesteren

/s/ Gregory B. Graves

Director

December 6, 2024

Gregory B. Graves

50 

Table of Contents 

Report of Registered Independent Public Accounting Firm Prager Metis CPAs, LLC (PCAOB ID number 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT

OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of

Directors of Janel Corporation and
 Subsidiaries

Opinion on the
 Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheets of Janel Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years ended
 September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
 respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations, changes in stockholders equity and its cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in
 conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the
 responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in
 accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
 error or fraud. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
 financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing
 procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
 presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit
 Matters

Critical audit matters are a matter
 arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to an account or disclosure that is material to the consolidated financial
 statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019

Basking Ridge, 

December 6, 2024

F-2 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

September 30,

2024 

2023 

ASSETS

Current Assets:

Cash

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts

Inventory, net

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and Equipment, net

Other Assets:

Intangible assets, net

Goodwill

Restricted cash 

Investment in marketable securities at fair value

Operating lease right of use asset

Security deposits and other long-term assets

Total other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current Liabilities:

Line of credit

Accounts payable - trade

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Dividends payable

Current portion of earnout 

Current portion of long-term debt

Current portion of subordinated promissory note- related party 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Total current liabilities

Other Liabilities:

Long-term debt

Long-term portion of earnout 

Subordinated promissory notes- related party 

Mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest

Deferred income taxes

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Other liabilities

Total other liabilities

Total liabilities

Stockholders Equity:

Preferred Stock, par value shares authorized

Series C shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , liquidation value of and at
 September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively

Common stock, par value shares authorized, 
 issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively 

Paid-in capital

Common treasury stock, at cost, shares

Accumulated earnings 

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended

 September 30,

2024 

2023 

Revenues: 

Logistics

Life Sciences and Manufacturing

Total Revenues

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues:

Forwarding expenses - Logistics

Cost of revenues - Life Sciences and Manufacturing

Total forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

Gross profit

Operating Expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangible assets

Total Operating Expenses

Income from Operations

Other Items:

Interest expense

Other expense 

Income Before Income Taxes

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net Income 

Preferred stock dividends

Net Income Available to Common Stockholders

Net income per share:

Basic

Diluted

Net income per share attributable to common stockholders:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average number of shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

PREFERRED 

 STOCK

COMMON 

 STOCK

PAID-IN CAPITAL

COMMON

 TREASURY 

 STOCK

ACCUMULATED

 EARNING (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL

 EQUITY

Shares

Shares

Shares

Balance - September 30, 2022 

Net Income 

Dividends to preferred stockholders

Stock based compensation

Balance - September 30, 2023 

Net Income 

Dividends to preferred stockholders

Stock based compensation

Balance - September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands)

Year Ended

 September 30,

2024 

2023 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Recovery of uncollectible accounts

Depreciation

Deferred income tax provision

Amortization of intangible assets

Amortization of acquired inventory valuation

Amortization of loan costs

Stock based compensation

Unrealized loss on marketable securities

Change in fair value of earnout

Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest

Gain on extinguishment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable

Inventory

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Security deposits and other long-term assets

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Acquisition of property and equipment, net of disposals

Investment in marketable securities (net of dividends)

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Earnout payment 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Dividends paid to preferred stockholders

Repayments of term loan

Line of credit borrowings (payments)

Repayment of subordinated promissory note-related party

Net cash used in financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash

Cash at beginning of the period

Cash and restricted cash at end of period

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information:

Cash paid during the period for:

Interest

Income taxes

Non-cash operating activities: 

Contingent earnout acquisition 

Due to former owner 

Non-cash investing activities:

Airschott subordinated promissory note

Airschott contingent deferred consideration

Non-cash financing activities:

Dividends declared to preferred stockholders

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in thousands except share and per share data)

business segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company strives
 to create shareholder value primarily through three strategic priorities: supporting its businesses efforts to make investments and to build long-term profits; allocating Janel s capital at high risk-adjusted rates of return; and
 attracting and retaining exceptional talent.

of the outstanding stock of Airschott. The Company also agreed to
 purchase the remaining of Airschott stock in subject to certain closing conditions. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

shares, or approximately , of the common stock of Rubicon. Rubicon is an advanced materials provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial
 systems. The purpose of our investment in Rubicon was for Janel to acquire a significant ownership interest in Rubicon, together with representation on Rubicon s Board, in an attempt to (i) restructure the Rubicon business to
 achieve profitability and (ii) assist Rubicon in utilizing its net operating loss carry-forward assets. 

, with a non-controlling interest held by existing Indco management. The Indco non-controlling interest is mandatorily redeemable and is
 recorded as a liability. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

. The Company s accounts at these institutions may, at times, exceed the federally insured limits. The Company has not
 experienced any losses in such accounts.

and , respectively.

forecast. Inventory quantities in excess of the forecast are not valued due to uncertainty over salability.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

reportable
 segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company s Chief Executive Officer regularly reviews financial information at the reporting segment level in order to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and
 to assess their performance .

F-9 

Table of Contents 

primary service categories: trucking, ocean freight, air freight, customs brokerage and other. 

Ocean 

Air 

Customs Brokerage and Other 

Total

F-10 

Table of Contents 

following their grant. The shares contain certain put features where the Company is either required or expects to settle vested awards on a cash basis.

per year of the mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest at the option of the holders beginning on the third anniversary of the date of the Indco acquisition, which was March 21, 2019. As of September 30, 2024, the holders had not
 exercised their redemption rights. 

minority owners of Indco exercised and options to purchase Indco s common
 stock at an exercise price of and for an aggregate purchase price of and , respectively. Indco issued related party promissory notes in the amount of and , respectively, which bear interest at per annum; both interest and principal are payable on the maturity date of . On
 November 30, 2020, a minority owner of Indco exercised options to purchase Indco s common stock at an exercise price of
 for an aggregate purchase price of . Indco issued a related party promissory note in the amount of , which bears interest
 at per annum both interest and principal were payable on the maturity date of . These notes are included in security deposits and other long-term assets. The fair value of the shares issued of Indco s common stock was recorded
 as an increase in mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest. As a result of the exercise of options to purchase Indco s stock, the mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest percentage was as of each of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively.

F-12 

Table of Contents 

. At closing, the Company purchased of the outstanding stock of Airschott for 
 in cash, a floating-rate seller s note, and net liabilities assumed of . The Company also agreed to purchase the remaining 
 of Airschott stock in for deferred consideration of the greater of of times the trailing gross profit of Airschott and . 

The acquisition was funded by our existing acquisition draw facility with First Merchants Bank First Merchants and through our existing asset-backed facility with Santander Bank, N.A. Santander ). In connection with the
 combination, the Company recorded an aggregate of in goodwill and in other identifiable intangibles. Subsequently, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability related to the acquisition of and increased the goodwill related to the acquisition by the same amount. Supplemental pro forma information has not been provided as
 the acquisition did not have a significant impact on Janel s consolidated results of operations, individually or in aggregate. Airschott was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Dulles, Virginia. The acquisition of Airschott was
 completed to expand our service offerings in our Logistics segment. 
 
 Life Sciences 
 
 On February 1, 2024, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all the outstanding stock of ViraQuest, Inc. ViraQuest ), for an aggregate purchase price of , net of cash
 received. At closing, was paid in cash and was recorded as a preliminary earnout consideration. The acquisition was funded with cash provided by operating activities, and the results of operations of ViraQuest are
 included in Janel s consolidated results of operations since the date of the acquisition. In connection with the combination, the Company recorded an aggregate of in goodwill and in other identifiable intangibles.
 Supplemental pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition did not have a significant impact on Janel s consolidated results of operations, individually or in aggregate. ViraQuest is a biotechnology custom service
 provider specializing in adenovirus production services. ViraQuest was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in North Liberty, Iowa. The acquisition of ViraQuest was completed to expand our service offerings in our Life Sciences segment. 

, net of cash received. At closing, was paid in cash, was due to the former stockholder of IBSC as a deferred acquisition payment upon integration, was recorded as a preliminary earnout consideration (not to exceed and was recorded as a preliminary working capital adjustment. The acquisition was funded with cash provided by normal
 operations, and the results of operations of IBSC are included in Janel s consolidated results of operations since the date of the acquisition. In connection with the combination, the Company recorded an aggregate of in goodwill and in
 other identifiable intangibles. Supplemental pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition did not have a significant impact on Janel s consolidated results of operations, individually or in aggregate. IBSC is a developer
 and manufacturer of high-quality reagents used by research and diagnostic customers. IBSC was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Mukilteo, Washington. The acquisition of IBSC was completed to expand our product offerings in our Life
 Sciences segment.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

. At closing, was paid in cash and was due to the former stockholder of SH
 as a deferred acquisition payment upon integration. The acquisition was funded with cash provided by normal operations, and the results of operations of SH are included in Janel s consolidated results of operations since the date of the
 acquisition. In connection with the combination, the Company recorded an aggregate of in goodwill and in other identifiable intangibles. SH is a developer and manufacturer of antibodies and cell culture media for research and diagnostic
 uses. SH was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Lafayette, Indiana. The acquisition of SH was completed to expand our product offerings in our Life Sciences segment.

. The Company recorded this acquisition as a royalty asset, which is included in intangible assets in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheet (reclassed from Security deposits and other long-term assets in fiscal year 2024) and will be amortized over the estimated life of .

shares, or approximately , of the
 common stock of Rubicon. Rubicon is an advanced materials provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial systems. The purpose of our investment in Rubicon was for Janel to acquire a significant
 ownership interest in Rubicon, together with representation on Rubicon s Board, in an attempt to (i) restructure the Rubicon business to achieve profitability and (ii) assist Rubicon in utilizing its net operating loss carry-forward assets.

Work-in-process

Raw materials

Gross inventory

Less reserve for inventory valuation

Inventory net 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

- 

Land and improvements

Indefinite

Furniture and Fixture

- 

Computer Equipment

- 

Machinery Equipment

- 

Leasehold Improvements

- 

Less Accumulated Depreciation

and , respectively.

- Years

Trademarks/names

- Years

Trademarks/names

Indefinite

Other

- Years

Less: Accumulated Amortization

Life Sciences 

Manufacturing

Less: Accumulated Amortization

and , respectively.

Fiscal Year 2026

Fiscal Year 2027

Fiscal Year 2028

Fiscal Year 2029

Thereafter

Life Sciences 

Manufacturing

Total 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

to for Domestic Insured Accounts (as defined in the Third Santander Amendment), subject to adjustments set forth in the Santander Loan Agreement.

and related modifications to certain
 negative covenants.

. Interest accrues on the Santander Facility at an annual rate equal to the SOFR plus . The Janel Group Borrowers obligations under the Santander Facility are secured by all of the assets of the Janel Group Borrowers, while the Santander Loan
 Agreement contains customary terms and covenants. As a result of its terms, the Santander Facility is classified as a current liability on the consolidated balance sheet.

, representing of the available
 subject to limitations thereunder, and interest was accruing at an effective interest rate of . 

, representing of the available thereunder, and interest was accruing at an effective interest rate of .

F-16 

Table of Contents 

revolving loan
 (limited to the borrowing base and reserves), a acquisition loan, a Term A loan and a Term B loan as a
 continuation of the mortgage loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement. Interest accrues on the outstanding revolving loan, Term A loan and acquisition loan at an annual rate equal to adjusted term SOFR plus either (i) (if the Borrowers total funded debt to EBITDA ratio is less or equal to :1.00) or (ii) (if the Borrowers 
 total funded debt to EBITDA ratio is greater than to :1.00). Interest accrues on the Term B loan at an annual rate of
 . The Borrowers obligations under the First Merchants Credit Facilities are secured by all of the Borrowers real
 property and other assets, and are guaranteed by the Company, and the Company s guarantee of the Borrowers obligations is secured by a pledge of the Company s equity interests in certain of the Borrowers. The revolving loan portion will
 expire on , the Term A loan portion will mature on , and the Term B loan portion will mature on .
 The acquisition loan will permit multiple draws until October 25, 2024, at which point the outstanding principal amount will amortize, with all remaining amounts of the acquisition loan due at maturity on .

and maturity of such permitted affiliate loans are not to exceed from disbursement.

of outstanding borrowings under the acquisition loan, of outstanding borrowings under the Term A loan and of outstanding borrowings under the Term B loan, with interest accruing on the acquisition loan and revolving loan at an effective
 interest rate of each, and on the Term A loan and Term B loan at an effective interest rate of and ,
 respectively.

of outstanding borrowings under the acquisition loan, of outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan, of outstanding borrowings under the Term A loan and of outstanding borrowings
 under the Term B loan, with interest accruing on the acquisition loan and revolving loan at an effective interest rate of 
 and on the Term A loan and Term B loan at an effective interest rate of and , respectively. 

for the First Merchants Credit Agreement (in thousands): 

Less Current Portion

Long-term Portion

Fiscal Year 2026

Fiscal Year 2027

Fiscal Year 2028

Fiscal Year 2029

Thereafter 

subordinated promissory note in the
 amount of (the ICT Subordinated Promissory Note issued to the former owner of ImmunoChemistry Technologies, LLC
 ICT ), in connection with a business combination whereby the Company acquired all of the membership interests of ICT. The ICT Subordinated Promissory Note is payable in scheduled installments of
 principal and interest beginning March 4, 2021, matures on , and may be prepaid, in whole or in part,
 without premium or penalty. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

, all of which is included in the current portion of subordinated promissory notes.

, of which is
 included in the current portion of subordinated promissory notes and is included in the long-term portion of subordinated
 promissory notes. 

fixed subordinated promissory notes totaling in the aggregate (together, the ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes ), payable to certain former shareholders of ELFS, in connection with the Company s
 business combination whereby it acquired all the membership interest of ELFS and its related subsidiaries. All of the ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes are guaranteed by the Company and are subordinate to and junior in right of
 payment for principal, interest, premiums and other amounts payable to the Santander Facility and the First Merchants Credit Facility. The ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes are payable in equal consecutive installments of
 principal together with accrued interest. Beginning October 15, 2021 and on the same day of the next consecutive
 calendar quarters, thereafter payment of accrued interest and unpaid interest is due to the former shareholders. Beginning October 15, 2023, and on the same day of the next consecutive calendar quarters thereafter payment of principal together with accrued interest and unpaid interest is due to the former shareholders. In June 2022, the
 principal amount of the ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes was adjusted to due to a revised working capital adjustment
 of .

and restored the working capital adjustment (as defined in the
 Purchase Agreement) by which increased the principal amount of the ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes to . The Company evaluated the accounting treatment related to the amendment and determined the agreements are substantially
 different and extinguished the original subordinated promissory notes and recorded the amended subordinated promissory notes at fair value of . As a result, the Company recorded a debt discount of approximately 
 and a gain on extinguishment.

, of which is included in the current
 portion of subordinated promissory notes and was included in the long-term portion of subordinated promissory
 notes.

, of which was
 included in the current portion of subordinated promissory notes and was included in the long-term portion of
 subordinated promissory notes.

subordinated promissory note (the Airschott Subordinated Promissory Note in the amount of issued, to a former owner of Airschott, in connection with the business combination whereby Janel Group acquired Airschott. The note is payable in consecutive 
 payments, which commenced in July 2024, of together with accrued interest on the outstanding principal balance.

, of which was included in the current portion of subordinated promissory notes and was included in the long-term portion of subordinated promissory notes.

Less Current Portion of Subordinated Promissory Notes

Long Term Portion of Subordinated Promissory Notes

F-18 

Table of Contents 

2026

2027

2028

Total 

shares of common stock, par value . In addition, the
 Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value . The preferred stock is issuable in series with such voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and other rights and such qualifications, limitations
 and restrictions as may be determined by the Company s Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof, without stockholder approval. The Board of Directors may fix the number of shares constituting each series and increase or
 decrease the number of shares of any series.

per annum of the original issuance price of , when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, with such rate to increase by annually beginning on the third anniversary of issuance of such Series C Stock to a maximum rate of . By the filing of the Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation on March 31, 2022, the annual dividend rate decreased to per annum of the original issuance price, when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, and increased by on January 1, 2024. Such rate is to increase on each January 1 thereafter for to a maximum rate of . The dividend rate of
 the Series C Stock as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively . In the event of liquidation, holders of Series C Stock shall be paid an amount equal to the original issuance price, plus any accrued dividends thereon. Shares of
 Series C Stock may be redeemed by the Company at any time upon notice and payment of the original issuance price, plus any accrued dividends thereon. The liquidation value of Series C Stock was and as of September 30, 2024 and September 30,
 2023, respectively.

and , respectively. At
 September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accrued dividends of and , respectively.

per share Common Stock ), may be granted to employees, directors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. 

to shares of Common Stock of the
 Company and adopts certain other non-substantive amendments. 

shares of Common Stock for issuance to directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the
 Company and its subsidiaries.

shares of the Company s Common Stock may be granted to directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the Company and its
 subsidiaries. The Amended and Restated Plan increased the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Plan from to shares of Common Stock of the Company and adopts certain other
 non-substantive amendments. Participants and all terms of any grant under the Amended and Restated Plan are in the discretion of the Company s Compensation Committee. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, and was included in selling, general and
 administrative expense in the Company s statements of operations.

Expected option term in years

- 

- 

Expected volatility

Dividend yield

Weighted average grant date fair value

- 

- 

Granted

Expired 

Outstanding balance at September 30, 2024

Exercisable at September 30, 2024

per share and the exercise price of the stock options that had strike prices below such closing price.

of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested employee stock options which is expected to be recognized over the next year.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

options granted and options were exercised with respect to Indco s common stock.

Outstanding Balance at September 30, 2024

Exercisable on September 30, 2024

per share and the exercise price of the stock options that had strike prices below such closing price.

and as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and is included in other liabilities in the consolidated financial statement. The compensation cost related to these
 options was approximately and 
 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and is included in other liabilities in the consolidated financial statement. The cost associated with the options issued on each grant date is being
 recognized ratably over the period of service required to earn each tranche of options.

as of each of September 30,
 2024 and 2023. 

unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested Indco stock options. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

Preferred stock dividends

Non-controlling interest dividends

Net income available to common stockholders

Common Shares:

Basic - weighted average common shares

Effect of dilutive stock options 

Diluted - weighted average common stock

Income per Common Share:

Basic -

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends

Non-controlling interest dividends

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders

Diluted -

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends

Non-controlling interest dividends

Net income available to common stockholders

anti-dilutive shares for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and anti-dilutive shares for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023.

Permanent differences

State and local taxes, net of Federal benefit

Other

Total 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

Deferred

Total 

Lease liability

Other

Stock based compensation

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance

Deferred tax liabilities - depreciation and amortization

Prepaid expenses

Right of use assets

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and amounts have been recognized in the Company s statement of
 operations. Income tax returns for tax years from 2019 through 2023 remain subject to examination by the taxing jurisdictions.

of
 annual compensation (not to exceed the IRS limit), as defined by the plan. The Company contributes an amount equal to of the
 participant s first of contributions.

and ,
 respectively.

and , respectively.

F-23 

Table of Contents 

reportable segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing.

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

Gross profit

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangible assets

Income (loss) from operations

Interest expense

Identifiable assets

Capital expenditures, net of disposals

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

Gross profit

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangible assets

Income (loss) from operations

Interest expense

Identifiable assets

Capital expenditures, net of disposals

months and certain lease agreements contain provisions for future rent increases. Payments due under the lease contracts include the minimum lease payments that the Company is obligated to make under the
 non-cancelable initial terms of the leases as the renewal terms are at the Company s option and the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise those renewal options at lease commencement.

Short-term lease cost

T otal lease cost 

and , respectively.

, and , respectively.

, and , respectively. 

and , respectively in
 operating lease right of use assets and corresponding lease liabilities.

F-24 

Table of Contents 

years and and years and 
 respectively. 

and for the twelve months ended September 30,
 2024 and 2023.

2026 

2027

2028

2029

Thereafter

Total undiscounted loan payments

Less imputed interest

Total lease obligation

shares, or approximately , of the common stock of
 Rubicon. Rubicon is an advanced materials provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial systems. The purpose of our investment in Rubicon was for Janel to acquire a significant ownership interest in
 Rubicon, together with representation on Rubicon s Board, in an attempt to (i) restructure the Rubicon business to achieve profitability and (ii) assist Rubicon in utilizing its net operating loss carry-forward assets. 

and , respectively within other
 income (loss), net of dividends on the Company s consolidated. Below is reconciliation for the changes to the investment in Rubicon for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

Fair value adjustments to Rubicon investment

Total

F-25 

Table of Contents 

Investment in other marketable securities 

Liabilities:

Contingent earnout liabilities

each year. As a result, the measurement of the earnout liability became a Level 1 fair value measurement based on the present value of the
 negotiated payments.

,
 expected term of years, an underlying metric discount rate of , and a discount rate on the earnout payments of . 

Liabilities:

Contingent earnout liabilities

of the total issued and outstanding shares of Rubicon
 and reported its investment under the fair value method pursuant to ASC 320. Management determined that it was appropriate to carry its investment in Rubicon at fair value because the investment was traded on the NASDAQ stock exchange through
 January 2, 2023, began trading on the OTCQB Capital Market on January 3, 2023 and had daily trading activity, the combination of which provide a better indicator of value. The investment in Rubicon is re-measured at the end of each quarter based
 on the trading price and any change in the value is reported on the income statement as an unrealized gain or loss on marketable securities in other income (expense). Refer to Note 16 to Consolidated Financial Statements for reconciliation of
 changes to the investment in Rubicon for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

and , respectively. The
 current and non-current portions of the fair value of the contingent earnout liability at September 30, 2023 were and , respectively .

F-26 

Table of Contents 

Fair value of contingent consideration recorded in connection with business combinations

Earnout payment 

Fair value adjustment of contingent earnout liabilities 

Total 

per occurrence, and general liability with of up to per
 occurrence. 

.

F-27 

<EX-10.33>
 2
 ef20034565_ex10-33.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33

Exhibit 10.33

SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 

This Severance Agreement and General Release ("Agreement") is entered into this 4th day of March, 2024, by VINCENT VERDE ("Employee") and JANEL CORPORATION its related entities, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, successors, assigns, employees: officers, directors, shareholders and agents collectively, "Employer"

 or "Company") to settle and resolve any claims or controversies Employer and the Employee may have against each other. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Termination Date. Employee will be relieved of all active work
 duties and responsibilities as of February 16, 2024 (the "Termination Date"). 

2. Final Pay and Pay In Lieu of Notice. Employee will receive pay in lieu of notice through February 29, 2024, as a courtesy. 

3. Severance. 

In consideration of the releases, contingencies, and other terms set forth in this Agreement, Employer will pay Employee the following amounts, each subject to applicable withholdings, and further subject to the conditions provided herein. 

(a) 
 
 Employer will
 pay Employee 100,000.00 severance pay. This lump sum payment
 will be made after the revocation period described below has expired. 

(b) 
 
 Employer will
 pay an additional sum of 50,000.00 on May 6, 2024 , provided that Employee is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement at such time. 

4. Health Insurance. Employee is currently enrolled in active group benefits coverage through the Employer. As per standard Company practice, Employee will remain eligible to continue participation in these plans through February 29, 2024, or
 as otherwise defined by the individual plan documents. Effective March 1, 2024, Employee will be eligible to enroll on a self-paid basis in continued medical, dental and vision
 insurance coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act ("COBRA") per
 Federal COBRA regulations and as per regular company practice, for the maximum period allowable under the law. Detailed information regarding COBRA rights and enrollment practices will be provided under separate cover by TriNet. 

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

1 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

5. Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. Employee agrees to hold in strictest confidence and will not, without the prior
 written approval of Employer, knowingly disclose to any person or entity (other than as required by law) Employer's "Confidential Information." "Confidential Information" shall include Employer's (1) specific financial information that has not otherwise been made public; (2) any information of or relating to Employer or its customers
 that: (a) has been kept strictly confidential by Employer; and (b) has not been disclosed to any third party except under an obligation of confidentiality; and (c) is or was not
 otherwise available in the public domain. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this section
 does not prohibit Employee from disclosing Confidential Information to a federal, state or local government official or to an attorney
 for the purpose of reporting or investigating a violation of law or in a court filing under seal. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or impede the Employee from communicating, cooperating or filing a complaint with any U.S. federal, state
 or local governmental or law enforcement branch, agency or entity (collectively, a "Governmental Entity") with respect to possible violations of any U.S. federal, state or local law or regulation, or otherwise making disclosures to any Governmental Entity, in each case, that are protected under the
 whistleblower provisions of any such law or regulation; provided, that in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law. 

In the event that the Employee or his/her agents, representatives or attorneys are compelled by subpoena or otherwise to
 provide Confidential Information, he/she will provide Employer with not less than five (5) days' written notice, where possible, so that Employer has the opportunity to seek appropriate protection from a court of competent jurisdiction.

6. Non-Contact and Solicitation. Employee agrees that for a period of twelve weeks following Employee's Termination Date, the Employee will
 not: 

(a) 
 
 visit or contact any customers, agents, vendors, or
 other similar commercial partners at their place of business or make any other contact (including but not limited to telephone, text, email, or any other type of written, verbal, electronic, or physical contact in any form or forum,
 directly or indirectly) regarding his/her employment, or this Agreement, or any aspect of his/her or their interaction or relationship in the past, present , or future with Employer; 

(b) 
 
 whether as employee, contractor, director, officer,
 investor, owner, lender, stockholder, partner, advisor, sole proprietor, owner , member, consultant, or in any other capacity, do any one or more of the following or cause, assist, aid, or enable any person or entity to do any one or more of the following, whether
 directly or indirectly: 

1. 
 
 solicit for hire, hire or contract with for employment, consulting or any other reason, any person or entity who is an employee, independent contractor, owner, consultant,
 officer, director, member or agent of Employer, or anyone who was an employee, independent contractor, owner, consultant, officer, director, member or agent of Employer during the last year of Employee's employment, to engage in, or propose
 to engage in, any business that provides or offers the same or similar products or services, as offered by Employer; and/or

11. 
 
 induce or influence any person who is an employee, independent contractor, owner, consultant, officer, director or agent of Employer, or any other member of Employer, to
 terminate or modify its relationship with Employer; and/or

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

2 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

111. 
 
 service, call on , solicit , or take away , or attempt to call on, solicit, or take away any customer of the Employer with whom the Employee had business relations or contact on behalf of the Employer during the one (1) year prior to
 Employee's termination. 

7. Return of Property and Transition. Employee will return to Employer, without
 retaining copies, all tangible items , including, without limitation, all keys, reports,
 computer records, computer, cell phone and any and all other property of Employer that is currently in his/her possession or under his/her control. 

8. Breach of the Agreement. Employee agrees that the breach or failure to comply
 with the provisions of this Agreement will cause irreparable harm to Employer , for which
 monetary damages will not provide an adequate remedy. Employee agrees that in the event of any breach of the terms of this Agreement, Employer shall be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to such other legal and equitable remedies that
 may be available, without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. 

If Employee breaches any of his/her obligations under this
 Agreement , including the agreement not to sue, Employee
 agrees to return any and all Severance of Final Pay
 payments for time not-worked provided to Employee, pursuant to Paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Agreement, and Employer will make no further payments to Employee

 under this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that in addition to the return of all severance payments, Employer has a right to seek any other monetary relief it may be entitled to under this Agreement or applicable law, due to Employee's breach. 

9. Complete Release by Employee. Employee voluntarily releases and forever
 discharges Employer and each of its past and present employees, agents, officers , directors

 and shareholders (individually, each "Employer Released Party" and collectively, the "Employer Released Parties") from any claims , charges , causes of action , demands or damages, known or unknown , fixed or contingent, at law or in equity, and waives and releases any and all rights and claims of any type that Employee may have had or now has at any time prior to the date of full execution of this Agreement, against Employer and/or the Employer Released Parties in any
 way related to Employee's employment, or his/her termination of employment with Employer other than for (i) the payment of the Severance Amount in accordance with and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement; (ii) his/her COBRA
 rights; and (iii) his/her rights under any Qualified Retirement Plan ("the Reserved Matters " . This waiver and release includes, but is not limited to: 

a. any claims for any tort, including wrongful termination, wrongful discharge, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, intentional interference with a contractual relationship or any other common law claims; 

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

3 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

b. any claims for the breach

 of any written, implied or oral contracts, including, but not limited to, any contract of employment; 

c. any claims of discrimination, harassment or retaliation based on age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability or medical condition or any other class or
 category protected under applicable Federal, State or Local law; 

d. except for payments provided pursuant to this Agreement, any claims for payments of any nature, including, but not limited to, wages, attorney's fees, costs, overtime pay, vacation
 pay, severance pay , commissions , bonuses or the monetary equivalent of benefits; 

e. except for the consideration provided pursuant to this Agreement and any benefits under Employer's Qualified Retirement Plan , any claims or rights under any benefit plan, Vesting Agreement, or program of Employer; and 

f. any and all claims that may arise under common law and all federal, state and local statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations and orders, including, but not limited to, any claim or
 cause of action in law or in equity based on or arising under the Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), as amended by the Older Workers
 Benefit Protection Act (OWBPA), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866, 1871 and 1991, as amended, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended , the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Employee
 Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, and any other Federal or State of New York laws governing civil rights,
 age discrimination, disability discrimination, wage and hours, vacation and paid time off, and/or any other state employment laws , as each of them has been or may be amended, any state, federal or local laws governing whistleblowing or retaliation claims to the maximum extent permitted by law, including but not limited to the
 Sarbanes Oxley Act, any laws or agreements that provide for punitive, exemplary or statutory damages, and any laws or agreements that provide for payment of attorneys' fees, costs, or expenses, with the exclusion of any other benefits to which
 Employee is entitled, as a matter of law, subsequent to her termination. 

10. Waiver of Claims. Employee covenants that he/she has not and will not file suit in any court against Employer, that he/she has not and will not assist anyone
 else in filing suit in any court against Employer, except as required by law, that he/she has not transferred or assigned to any other person or entity any rights or claims against Employer, and that he/she has not and will not file or assist
 anyone else in filing any administrative complaint or charge with any federal, state or local agency against Employer, except (a) in connection with any Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) discrimination proceeding, based on any matter
 in connection with her employment prior to the execution of this Agreement, or his/her termination of employment from Employer; (b) any claim for unemployment insurance; (c) any claim under Section 806 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act; (d) any claim
 under Section 23 of the Commodity Exchange Act; (e) any claim under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1984; (f) any claim under Section 1057 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (g) the
 right to challenge Employer's compliance with the waiver requirements of the ADEA, as amended by the OWBPA; or (h) any other claim that, as a matter of law, cannot be released by private agreement.

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

4 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

Employee acknowledges and understands that pursuant to the Federal Trade Secrets Act of 20 I 6, he/she has been advised that
 he/she has immunity from being held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or
 indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto, and fully supersedes any prior agreements or understandings
 between the parties. This Agreement is based upon the mutual understanding of the parties. Employee acknowledges that he/she has not relied on any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to him/her in connection with her
 decision to sign this Agreement, except for those set forth in this Agreement. Employee agrees that he/she shall continue to be bound by the provisions contained in any agreement between him/her and Employer that existed and was in effect at the
 time of Employee's termination. In the event of a conflict between the provisions contained herein and the provisions contained in any such other agreement, the provisions in this Agreement shall control and govern. 

12. Affirmations. Employee further affirms, represents and warrants that, with
 the exception of the payments she will receive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, he/she has been paid and/or has received all compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, and/or benefits to which he/she may be entitled and that no other
 compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions and/or benefits are due to him/her, except for the Reserved Matters. Employee furthermore affirms, represents and warrants that he/she has no known workplace injuries and he/she has been provided and/or has not been denied any leave requested under the Family and Medical Leave Act. 

I 3. No Disparagement. Both parties
 agree that they will not make or make, cause or encourage other persons or entities to make, any disparaging remarks or comments about the other party. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "disparaging" means any statement made or issued to
 the media, or other entities or persons, or in any judicial or quasi-judicial court proceeding that adversely reflects on Employee or Employer and its employees, officers, directors or shareholders and/or its business interests and/or portrays
 Employee or Employer and its employees, officers, directors or shareholders in a negative light.

14. Competence. Employee understands that the only consideration for his/her execution of this Agreement are the terms
 stated herein; that no other promise or agreement of any kind has caused him/her to execute this Agreement; that he/she is competent to execute this Agreement; that the Agreement has not been obtained by any duress, and that he/she fully
 understands the meaning and intent of this document. Employee further acknowledges that she has signed this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily, and that he/she has not been threatened or coerced into signing this Agreement. This
 Agreement shall be binding upon Employee's personal representatives, successors, assigns, heirs and devisees.

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

5 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

15. Non-admission of Wrongdoing. Employee agrees that this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed at any time for any
 purpose as an admission by Employer of any liability or unlawful conduct of any kind. On behalf of Employee, this Agreement, in turn, shall not be deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by Employee of any liability or
 unlawful conduct of any kind. 

16. Governing Law and Interpretation. This
 Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to any provision that would result in the application of the laws of any other state or jurisdiction. In the event that Employee or
 Employer breaches any provision of this Agreement, Employee and Employer affirm that either may institute an action to specifically enforce any term or terms of this Agreement. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared illegal or
 unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction and cannot be modified to be enforceable, excluding the release provisions in Paragraph 9 , such provision shall immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of this Agreement in full force and effect. 

17. Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be deemed illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or
 in part, by a court of competent jurisdiction and cannot be modified to be enforceable, excluding the release provisions in Paragraph 9, such provision shall immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of this Agreement valid and
 enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

18. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, altered or changed except upon express written consent of both parties
 wherein specific reference is made to this Agreement. 

19. Obligation to Pay Attorneys' Fees and Costs. Employee understands and agrees that if he/she violates the commitments
 he/she has made in this Agreement, Employer shall be entitled to recover the actual attorneys' fees and costs incurred by Employer in enforcing this Agreement or in defending any released claim, if Employer prevails in such action. 

20. Future Cooperation. Employee agrees to cooperate with Employer in the future and to provide Employer truthful
 information, testimony or affidavits requested in connection with any matter that arose during his/her employment. This cooperation may be performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as to not interfere with any other employment
 Employee may have at the time of request. Employer agrees to pay Employee upfront for expenses incurred in providing such cooperation so long as such expenses are approved in advance by Employer. 

21. 21-Day Consideration Period. Employee represents, warrants and acknowledges that: 

a. He/she has been advised that he/she has the right to and it is recommended that she consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement. 

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

6 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

b. Employee ' s performance of
 each and every provision, covenant and condition under this Agreement is a condition precedent to Employer's obligation to make any payment or confer any benefit hereunder. 

c. Pursuant to the Federal Older Workers' Benefit Protection Act, Employee has twenty-one (21) calendar days within which to consider whether or not to sign this Agreement prior to its execution and acknowledges that such time period has been offered by Employer. 

d. Pursuant to the Federal Older Workers' Benefit Protection Act, Employee has seven (7) calendar days following execution of this Agreement to revoke it, by delivering a written Notice of Revocation (the " Notice") to Joseph Ferrara, Chief Financial Officer, Janel Corporation, 80 Eighth
 Avenue, New York, NY 10011, by overnight delivery (e.g., Federal Express or UPS) , and the Agreement shall not become effective or
 enforceable until the revocation period has expired. Employee acknowledges that Employer
 has offered such seven (7) calendar days
 revocation period. Unless a Notice has been delivered
 before the end of such seven (7) day revocation period,
 this Agreement shall automatically become final and binding on the parties on the eighth (8 th calendar day after it is signed by Employee and returned to Employer, (the " Effective Date " if the
 Notice is not delivered to Employer . 

(continued on following page)

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

7 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto knowingly and voluntarily execute this Severance Agreement and General Release as of the date set forth below: 

March 4, 2024 

/s/ Vincent Verde

Date 

VINCENT VERDE

Employee

JANEL CORPORATION

March 4, 2024

/s/ Joseph Ferrara 

Date

S e v e ran ce Agreement and General Release 

8 

Between Vincent Verde and Janel Corporation 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 3
 ef20034565_ex10-34.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34

Exhibit 10.34

July 3, 2024

Karen Ryan

 Director, Janel Corporation and Chair of Compensation Committee

 Senior Advisor, Janel Life Sciences

Duties

 As a member of the Board of Directors: 

Attendance at eight (8) board meetings per year, including four (4) in-person quarterly meetings and four (4) telephonic monthly results meetings.

As a Senior Advisor: 

Mentorship: Support the development of the Janel Life Sciences leadership team.

Strategic Guidance: Support Janel Life Sciences in setting strategic direction, marketing, new product development and other general management topics.

Participate in monthly meetings with the leadership team and lead the yearly strategic prioritization meeting.

Assist with evaluation and integration (as requested) of M A Targets.

Term

One-year term, renewing automatically for additional one-year terms, unless cancelled by either party within six (6) months of the renewal date.

Compensation

For service as a Director on the Board of Directors, you will receive Janel Corporation s board fee of 40,000/year, paid monthly. For service as Chair of the Compensation Committee you will receive
 10,000/year, paid monthly. You will be awarded 2,500 Stock options yearly.

For service as a Senior Advisor to Janel Life Sciences you will receive 50,000/year, paid monthly.

Reimbursement of travel and other expenses related to your service.

Janel Corporation 80 Eighth Avenue New York, NY 10011 janelcorp.com

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this agreement as of the day and year first above written.

By:

/s/ Darren Seirer

Name: Darren Seirer

Title: Chairman, President and CEO

By:

/s/ Karen Ryan

Name: Karen Ryan

Title: Director and Chair of Compensation Committee

Senior Advisor, Janel Life Sciences

Janel Corporation 80 Eighth Avenue New York, NY 10011 janelcorp.com

</EX-10.34>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 ef20034565_ex19-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 19.1

Exhibit 19.1 

Insider Trading Policy

 Amended on May 2, 2024

Scope

The Janel Corporation (the Company Insider Trading Policy (this Policy is applicable to all Company and subsidiary or affiliated company Directors, officers, employees, consultants, contract workers, temporary
 staff and any other person (natural or otherwise) that has performed services for the Company, as well as (a) any Family Members of such person and (b) any trusts, corporations and other entities controlled by any of such persons Covered
 Persons ). Consultants, contract workers, and temporary staff are subject to this Policy even though not Company employees. Family Members refers to family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household and any family
 members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in the Company s securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control.

Policy

The insider trading laws of the United States U.S. prohibit buying or selling a company s securities while aware of material, non-public information about that company. It may also violate U.S. securities laws to
 disclose material, non-public information (deliberately or inadvertently) to another person (including your spouse, parent, child or sibling) if that person either buys or sells securities while aware of the information disclosed, or passes that
 information to a third party who does. Providing advice regarding a company s stock while aware of material, non-public information regarding that company may also violate civil and criminal U.S. securities laws. If a person makes such a disclosure
 or provides such advice, the person may be subject to damages, civil suits and criminal prosecution, regardless of whether the person receives financial gain from the transaction. Please refer to Guidance on Understanding Material, Non-Public
 Information below for further information.

It is the Company s policy to comply with, and ensure Covered Persons compliance with, the U.S. insider trading laws and regulations. This Policy sets forth the requirements for Covered Persons compliance with
 insider trading laws and regulations. Many countries other than the U.S. have similar laws regarding insider trading. Even if the activities prohibited in this Policy are not illegal in another country, the Company s requirements for insider
 trading compliance apply to all Covered Persons regardless of location.

Covered Persons are responsible for assuring that their Family Members comply with the provisions of this Policy as if they were Covered Persons.

General Prohibition on Insider Trading

It is against the Company s Policy for:

Covered Persons to purchase or sell any type of security while aware of material, non-public information relating to the issuer of the security, whether the issuer of that security is the Company or any other company;

Covered Persons to directly or indirectly provide tip material, non-public information about any company to anyone who may trade while aware of such information;

Janel Corporation 

80 Eighth Avenue 

New York, NY 10011

(212) 373-5895 

janelcorp.com 

Page 1 of 6 

It is therefore against this Policy for Covered Persons to pass along material, non-public information about any company, or to recommend buying or selling securities while aware of material, non-public information
 about any company to others, including Family Members, friends or casual acquaintances.

Pre-Clearance of Trades

No Restricted Person (as defined below) may, directly or indirectly, effect any transaction in the Company s securities without first obtaining prior approval from the Company s Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ).
 Restricted Persons shall submit requests for approval in in writing to the CFO or, in the case of the CFO, the CFO shall submit requests for approval in writing to the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO). The CFO, or the CEO, as the case
 may be, shall advise the Restricted Person in writing whether the proposed transaction is permissible under this Policy, and such advice shall be final. Unless revoked, the grant of permission will remain valid until the close of trading three (3)
 business days following the day on which it was granted, provided that notwithstanding receipt of pre-clearance, such Restricted Person may not trade in Company securities if the Restricted Person subsequently becomes aware of material non-public
 information prior to effecting the transaction. If the transaction does not occur during the three-day period, pre-clearance of the transaction must be re-requested. Notwithstanding the pre-clearance of any request, neither the CFO, the CEO nor
 the Company assume any liability for the consequences of any transaction made pursuant to such request.

Restricted Person refers to the Company s Directors, officers (those required to make filings under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) and all subsidiary employees
 at the Vice President level and above, as well as all employees in the accounting group, and their Family Members. From time to time, the Company will notify persons other than Restricted Persons that they are subject to the pre-clearance
 requirements set forth herein if the Company believes that, in the normal course of their duties, they are likely to have regular access to material non-public information or if the Company otherwise believes that such individual may have access to
 material non-public information for a limited period of time (such person, a Special Restricted Person ). Any person notified of their status as a Special Restricted Person will remain a Special Restricted Person subject to the pre-clearance
 requirements set forth herein unless otherwise notified by the CFO.

Trading Window Periods

Restricted Persons may buy, sell or trade in Company securities only while the Company s trading window is open. In general, the Company s trading window opens after the close of business two (2) full days following
 public announcement of quarterly earnings and remains open until the 15 th day of the last month of the quarter (or the preceding business day if a weekend) (the Trading Window ). The prohibition on trading in Company securities by such
 persons at all times other than the Trading Window Period is designed to prevent any inadvertent trading by such persons in the Company s securities during times when there may be material financial information about the Company that has not been
 publicly disclosed. The grant or exercise of stock options to purchase the Company s stock is permitted outside Trading Window Periods (although any sale of such stock outside Trading Window Periods is prohibited unless such sale is made pursuant
 to an approved Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan).

A Restricted Person who is subject to a quarterly earnings blackout period and who has an unexpected and urgent need to sell Company stock in order to generate cash may, in appropriate circumstances, be permitted to
 sell the Company s stock even during the quarterly blackout period. Hardship exceptions may be granted only by the CFO and must be requested at least two (2) full days in advance of the proposed trade. A hardship exception may be granted only if
 the CFO reasonably concludes that the individual making the hardship exception request does not possess material, nonpublic information. Hardship exemptions are granted infrequently and only in exceptional circumstances.

Janel Corporation 

80 Eighth Avenue 

New York, NY 10011

(212) 373-5895 

janelcorp.com 

Page 2 of 6 

Closed Window Communications

The Company reserves the right to issue closed window notices to specified persons when material, non-public information exists. Any person who receives such a notice shall treat the notice as confidential and
 shall not disclose its existence to anyone else. If the Company declared a closed window to which you are subject, then a member of the Company management will notify you when the window closes and when it opens. All those affected shall not trade
 in the Company s securities while the suspension is in effect, and shall not disclose to others inside or outside the Company that trading has been suspended for certain individuals. Although these closed windows generally will arise because the
 Company is involved in a highly-sensitive transaction, incident or event, they may be declared for any reason.

Rule 10b5-1 Trading

Notwithstanding the restrictions stated in this Policy, such restrictions shall not apply to purchases or sales of securities of the Company made by Covered Persons who have entered into a written trading plan that
 complies with the various conditions and limitations set forth in Rule 10b5-1 Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act (a 10b5-1 trading plan and has been approved by the CFO. For the purposes of this Policy and the U.S. securities laws, the
 entrance into, or amendment of, a 10b5-1 trading plan shall constitute a transaction in the Company s securities and must therefore be undertaken only in compliance with the provisions of this Policy related to such transactions. A 10b5-1 trading
 plan can only be established when the Covered Persons does not possess material non-public information. Therefore, a Covered Person cannot enter into these plans at any time when in possession of material non-public information and, in addition,
 individuals subject to trading window restrictions can only enter these plans in an open trading window. In addition, a 10b5-1 trading plan must not permit you to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether the purchases or sales
 are made.

Compliance with Section 16 and Rule 144

Covered Persons who are also directors and executive officers are responsible for compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in connection with their
 transactions in the Company s securities. The requirements of this Policy do not supersede the required compliance with your obligations under Section 16 or Rule 144.

Prohibition Against Derivative Transactions

For the protection of both the Covered Persons and the Company, it is important to avoid the appearance as well as the fact of insider trading or disclosure of material, non-public information. Therefore, it is
 against this Policy for Covered Persons to directly or indirectly participate in transactions involving trading activities that by their nature are aggressive or speculative or may give rise to an appearance of impropriety.

Covered Persons may not:

Engage in short sales (sale of stock that the seller does not own or a sale that is completed by delivery of borrowed stock) with respect to Company securities;

Janel Corporation 

80 Eighth Avenue 

New York, NY 10011

(212) 373-5895 

janelcorp.com 

Page 3 of 6 

Purchase or pledge Company stock on margin (with the exception of the use of a margin account to purchase Company common stock in connection with the exercise of Company-granted stock options); or

Enter into any derivative or similar transactions with respect to Company securities.

o 
 
 Examples of prohibited derivative transactions include, but are not limited to, purchases or sales of puts and calls (whether written or purchased or sold), options (whether covered or not), forward contracts, including but not limited
 to prepaid variable forward contracts, put and call collars , equity or performance swap or exchange agreements or any similar agreements or arrangements however denominated in Company securities.

Permitted Transactions

This Policy does not:

Apply to exercises of Company stock options, provided that none of the underlying shares of Company common stock received upon such exercise are sold while aware of material non-public information, whether to fund the exercise, pay taxes
 or otherwise;

Transferring shares to an entity that does not involve a change in the beneficial ownership of the shares (for example, to certain types of trusts of which you are the sole beneficiary during your lifetime); or

Prohibit investments in publicly traded mutual funds.

Third Party Information

Covered Persons who have access to material, non-public confidential or proprietary information regarding a company other than the Company, its products or activities, are prohibited from trading in the securities of
 these companies. In considering whether confidential or proprietary information is material, Covered Persons should remember that the threshold for what is considered material may be lower for other companies than it is for the Company, and that
 any legal determination may be made with the benefit of hindsight.

Post-Employment Transactions

The trading restrictions contained in this Policy apply to all Covered Persons who are aware of material, non-public information when they terminate employment or services. Such Covered Persons may not trade in the
 Company s securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. In all other respects, the pre-clearance and window procedures set forth in this section of this Policy will cease to apply to such Covered Person s
 transactions in the Company s securities upon the expiration of any closed window that is applicable at the time of such person s termination of employment or services.

Additional Procedures

The Company may elect, from time to time, to institute special securities procedures with respect to certain staff members, including, but not limited to, the Company s Board of Directors, executive officers and
 senior management.

Janel Corporation 

80 Eighth Avenue 

New York, NY 10011

(212) 373-5895 

janelcorp.com 

Page 4 of 6 

Guidance on Understanding Material, Non-Public Information

What Information is Material?

 The standard Covered Persons should use in deciding whether information may be material for purposes of this Policy is whether the information is of such a nature that a reasonable investor would think it important
 in deciding whether to buy, hold or sell the security. In other words, if information would affect a person s decision whether to buy or sell if that person were contemplating a transaction, it would probably have the same effect on others.

Examples of possible material information include (but are not limited to): corporate earnings or earnings forecasts; sales results; strategic plans; clinical results; product and research developments; important
 personnel changes; marketing plans; government inspections, approvals or other regulatory actions; collaborations, mergers or acquisitions; major litigation; significant borrowings or financings; stock splits; defaults on borrowings; cybersecurity
 incidents; and bankruptcies.

Moreover, material information does not have to be related to a company s business. For example, advance knowledge of the contents of a forthcoming newspaper column that is expected to affect the market price of a
 security can be material. In considering whether confidential or proprietary information is material, Covered Persons should remember that the threshold for what is considered material may be lower for other companies than it is for the Company.
 The fact that the Company is evaluating a transaction with another company may constitute material, non-public information with regard to the other company. Examples of the types of transactions that may provide access to material, non-public
 information about another company include: joint ventures, partnerships and collaborations; research and/or development agreements; in-licensing or out-licensing of products or product candidates; marketing, co-marketing, and co-promotion
 agreements; acquisitions or other business combinations and strategic equity investments by the Company

What Is Non-Public Information?

 Information is non-public if it is not available to the general public. In order for information to be considered public, it must be widely disseminated in a manner making it generally available to investors
 through such media as Dow Jones, Reuters Economic Services, The Wall Street Journal, The Los Angeles Times, Associated Press, or United Press International. The circulation of rumors, even if accurate and reported in the media, does not constitute
 effective public dissemination. In addition, even after a public announcement, a reasonable period of time must elapse in order for the market to react to the information. Generally, one should allow a minimum of two (2) full business days
 following publication as a reasonable waiting period before such information is deemed to be public, although some information may require longer periods to be deemed to be public.

Covered Persons Responsibility for Compliance

 Every Covered Person is required to observe high standards of business and personal ethics in the conduct of their duties and responsibilities and to comply with all applicable laws and regulatory requirements. 
 Covered Persons should exert due diligence in preventing violations of such laws, regulations, and Company policies. Covered Persons must refer to the Company s policies and/or request guidance from their manager and/or an officer of the Company.

The Company expects its managers to be familiar with (or take appropriate steps to become familiar with) the laws, regulations, and the Company s policies applicable to the activities they manage or supervise, ensure
 their direct reports have appropriate training on compliance requirements to perform their job functions, and supervise their direct reports with respect to compliance requirements and activities.

Janel Corporation 

80 Eighth Avenue 

New York, NY 10011

(212) 373-5895 

janelcorp.com 

Page 5 of 6 

Every Covered Person is responsible for reporting a violation of this Policy. Any Covered Person who knows about a violation, or reasonably believes there has been a violation, is encouraged to report that
 information through normal reporting channels.

If the Company determines that any Covered Person has violated this Policy, related standards, procedures or controls, applicable laws or regulations, or any governance documents, appropriate disciplinary measures
 will be taken, up to and including immediate termination of employment, to the extent permitted by applicable laws. The following is a non-exhaustive list of possible disciplinary measures to which Covered Persons may be subject (subject to
 applicable law): oral or written warning, suspension, removal of job duties/responsibilities, demotion, reduction in compensation, and/or termination of employment.

Subject to applicable laws, the Company reserves the right to take whatever disciplinary or other measure(s) it determines in its sole discretion to be appropriate in any particular situation, including disclosure of
 the wrongdoing to governmental authorities. Nothing in this Policy changes the at-will nature of employment at the Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries, where applicable. The Company may also terminate the services or work engagement of
 non-employee Covered Persons for violation of this Policy.

Confidentiality

Neither this Insider Trading Policy nor any provisions in the Company s Code of Conduct or any other agreement with the Company or policy of the Company, shall be deemed to prohibit any current or former director,
 officer, or employee of the Company from communicating, cooperating or filing a charge or complaint with the SEC or any other governmental or law enforcement entity concerning possible violations of any legal or regulatory requirement, or making
 disclosures, including providing documents or other information to a governmental entity that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law or regulation without notice to or approval of the Company, so long as (i) such
 communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law and (ii) the information disclosed was not obtained through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege (unless disclosure of that information would otherwise
 be permitted by an attorney pursuant to the applicable federal law, attorney conduct rules or otherwise). The Company will not limit the right of any current or former director, officer, or employee to receive an award for providing information
 pursuant to the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law or regulation to the SEC or any other governmental agency. Any provisions of any agreement between the Company and any current or former director, officer, or employee that is
 inconsistent with the above language or that may limit the ability of any person to receive an award under the whistleblowing provision of applicable law is hereby deemed invalid and will not be enforced by the Company.

Janel Corporation 

80 Eighth Avenue 

New York, NY 10011

(212) 373-5895 

janelcorp.com 

Page 6 of 6 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21>
 5
 ef20034565_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF JANEL CORPORATION 

Name 

State of Incorporation 

Janel Group, Inc. 

New York 

Indco, Inc. 

Tennessee 

Aves Labs, Inc. 

Oregon 

Antibodies, Inc. 

California 

PhosphoSolutions, LLC 

Nevada 

ImmunoChemistry Technologies, LLC 

California 

Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC 

Texas 

Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC 

Oklahoma 

ELFS Brokerage LLC 

Texas 

ECM Biosciences LLC 

Kentucky 

ImmunoBioScience Corporation 

Washington 

Airschott, Inc. 

Virginia 

Gainesville Insurance Company, Inc. 

Utah 

ViraQuest, Inc. 

Iowa 

Janel Group Logistics, LLC 

New York 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ef20034565_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

 Janel Corporation and Subsidiaries

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-222791, 333-253400, and 333-264121) of Janel Corporation of our report dated December 6, 2024 with
 respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Janel Corporation and Subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation as of and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

/s/Prager Metis CPAs, LLC

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC Basking Ridge, New Jersey December 6, 2024

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ef20034565_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240. 13a-14

 PROMULGATED UNDER

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Darren C. Seirer, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation (the Registrant) 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Date: December 6, 2024

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Darren C. Seirer

Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ef20034565_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240. 13a-14

 PROMULGATED UNDER

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Joseph R. Ferrara, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation (the Registrant) 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Date: December 6, 2024

/s/ Joseph R. Ferrara

Joseph R. Ferrara

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

 (Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ef20034565_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Darren C. Seirer, Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 6, 2024

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Darren C. Seirer

Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer

Principal Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 of the United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
 to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ef20034565_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph R. Ferrara, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 6, 2024

/s/ Joseph R. Ferrara

Joseph R. Ferrara

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

 (Principal Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 of the United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
 to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 janl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 janl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 janl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 janl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 janl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

