<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241226_10-K_edgar_data_1855467_0001493152-24-051917.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21683603</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>404571</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11854768</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3336056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2684943</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3113517</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-051917.hdr.sgml : 20241226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241223185151
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-051917
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOBIX LABS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855467
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				981591717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40621
		FILM NUMBER:		241575263

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15420 LAGUNA CANYON RD, STE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 808-8888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15420 LAGUNA CANYON RD, STE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-051917.txt : 20241226

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________to__________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth
company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on the closing price
of the registrant s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024) was approximately 
million. The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, as of December 6,
2024, was 
and ,
respectively. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 
 Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 31 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 93 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 94 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 94 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 94 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 94 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 95 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 98 

Signatures 
 99 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for Mobix Labs, Inc. (the Company , we , us or our contains forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements
are statements other than historical information or statements of current condition and relate to future events or our future financial
performance. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, 
 predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions may
identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, any statements regarding: 

our
 financial and business performance; 
 
 our
 ability to regain compliance with listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ),
 as well as any decisions that we may make in order to regain compliance; 
 
 our
 ability to identify possible acquisition targets, as well as any impact on our business and
 results of operations; 
 
 our
 expectations regarding the growth of the markets in which we operate; 
 
 changes
 in our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, forecasts,
 projected costs, prospects and plans; 
 
 our
 intent to commit significant resources to technology and product innovation and development; 
 
 our
 belief that AOCs offer advantages, as well as our ability to compete in the market; 
 
 our
 expectation regarding our ability to continue as a going concern and ability to obtain sufficient
 liquidity to meet our operating needs and satisfy our obligations; 
 
 the
 impact of the acquisitions of EMI Solutions and RaGE Systems, Inc., and any impact on our
 business and results of operation; 
 
 the
 implementation, market acceptance and success of our products and technology in the wireless
 and connectivity markets and in potential new categories for expansion; 
 
 the
 demand for our products and the drivers of that demand, including our expectations regarding
 our ability to develop new communication solutions for both domestic and international markets; 
 
 our
 opportunities and strategies for growth; 
 
 competition
 in our industry, the advantages of our products and technology over competing products and
 technology existing in the market, and competitive factors including with respect to technological
 capabilities, cost and scalability; 
 
 our
 ability to scale in a cost-effective manner and maintain and expand our manufacturing and
 supply chain relationships; 
 
 our
 expectation that we will incur substantial expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable
 future; 
 
 our
 expectations regarding reliance on a limited number of customers and efforts to diversify
 our customer base; 
 
 our
 expectations regarding the timing of obtaining stockholder approval for certain issuances; 
 
 our
 expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection
 and not infringe on the rights of others; 
 
 general
 economic and socio-political conditions and their impact on demand for our technology and
 on the supply chain on which we rely; 
 
 future
 capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; and 
 
 the
 outcome of any known and unknown litigation and regulatory proceedings. 

These
forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this report and current expectations, forecasts, and
assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as
may be required under applicable securities laws. 

You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties,
the actual results or our performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause actual results to differ include the risks and uncertainties set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Overview 

Based
in Irvine, California, Mobix Labs designs, develops and sells components and systems for advanced wireless and wired connectivity, radio
frequency RF ), switching and electromagnetic interference EMI filtering technologies. Our solutions are
used in the consumer commercial, industrial, automotive, medical, aerospace, defense and other markets. To enhance our product portfolio,
we also intend to pursue acquisitions of companies with existing revenue which can be scaled, and which possess technologies that accelerate
the speed, accessibility, and efficiency of disruptive or more efficient communications solutions, and which will also allow us to expand
into strategically aligned industries. Our wireless systems solutions include products for advanced RF and millimeter wave mmWave 5G communications, mmWave imaging, software defined radio and custom RF integrated circuits ICs targeting the commercial,
industrial, and defense and aerospace sectors. Our interconnect products, including EMI filter inserts and filtered and non-filtered
connectors, are designed for and are currently used in aerospace, military, defense and medical applications. Our True Xero active optical
cables AOCs are designed to meet customer needs for high-quality active optical cable solutions at an affordable price.
These innovative technologies are designed for large and rapidly growing markets where there is increasing demand for higher performance
communication and filtering systems which utilize an expanding mix of both wireless and connectivity technologies. 

On
December 21, 2023, we consummated the merger pursuant to the business combination agreement, dated November 15, 2022 (as amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. Chavant ),
CLAY Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and newly formed, wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Chavant Merger Sub ),
and Mobix Labs, Inc. Legacy Mobix ), a Delaware corporation, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub merged with
and into Legacy Mobix, with Legacy Mobix surviving the merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Chavant (together with the other
transactions related thereto, the Merger ). In connection with the consummation of the Merger (the Closing ),
Chavant changed its name from Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp. to Mobix Labs, Inc. (the Company and Legacy Mobix changed its name from Mobix Labs, Inc. to Mobix Labs Operations, Inc. 

Throughout
this report, unless otherwise noted or otherwise suggested by context, all references to we, us or our 
refer to Legacy Mobix prior to the consummation of the Merger, and to the Company and its subsidiaries after the consummation of the
Merger. 

We
were founded with the goal of simplifying the development and maximizing the performance of wireless mmWave 5G products by designing
and developing high performance, cost-effective and ultra-compact semiconductor components and solutions used for signal processing applications
in wireless products. Since our inception, our corporate strategy has evolved to encompass the pursuit of acquisitions in diverse industry
sectors, including aerospace, military, defense, medical and high reliability HiRel technology, as part of our commitment
to enhancing communication services. We have developed and/or acquired an extensive intellectual property IP portfolio
comprised of patents and trade secrets that are critical to commercializing our communication products and communications technologies.
In leveraging our proprietary technology, we aim to scale the growth of revenue for our products by serving large and rapidly growing
markets where we believe there are increasing demands for higher performance communication technologies, including both wireless and
wired connectivity systems. We are actively pursuing customer engagements with manufacturers of wireless communications, aerospace, military,
defense, medical and HiRel products. 

In
2021, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets including intellectual property of Cosemi, an Irvine, California-based
global supplier of high-speed connectivity solutions. The acquired products and intellectual property included a broad range of AOCs
and optical engines that deliver optimal connectivity to a wide range of applications including home entertainment, gaming, augmented
reality and virtual reality, video conferencing, medical, mobile devices and monitors and built the foundation for our current
connectivity business. We believe the patented cable technology and AOC optical chip solutions from Cosemi along with our innovative
wireless semiconductor technologies provide more opportunities in the wireless C-Band and mmWave 5G market as the need for faster, more
reliable data transmission becomes ever more apparent, whether it is for the data center, infrastructure, home entertainment or consumer
electronics market. 

1 

On
December 18, 2023, we completed the acquisition of EMI Solutions, Inc. EMI Solutions when we acquired all of the issued
and outstanding common shares of EMI Solutions. EMI Solutions is a manufacturer of interconnect products, including electromagnetic interference
filtering products for aerospace, military, defense and medical applications. We believe the acquisition of EMI Solutions complements
our existing product offerings, expanded our customer base and allows us to deliver solutions that address a wider variety of applications
and markets. Consideration for the acquisition of EMI Solutions consisted of 964,912 shares of Legacy Mobix common stock and 2,200 in
cash. We valued the common stock at 8,856, based on the fair value of the Legacy Mobix common stock at the time of the acquisition.
Additional details of our accounting for our acquisition of EMI Solutions are included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements
included herein. 

On
May 21, 2024, we completed the acquisition of RaGE Systems, Inc. RaGE Systems ). RaGE Systems designs, develops and manufactures
wireless systems solutions, including products for 5G communications, mmWave imaging, and software defined radio targeting the commercial,
industrial, and defense and aerospace sectors. We believe the acquisition of RaGE Systems expands our expertise in wireless communications and will allow us to deliver solutions that
address a wider variety of applications and markets. 

Aggregate consideration for the acquisition of RaGE Systems consisted of 3,214,045 shares
of our Class A Common Stock Class A Common Stock ), having a fair value of 7,682 at the closing date, and 2,000 in cash.
We also entered into employment agreements with each of the RaGE Systems stockholders. The RaGE Systems stockholders will also be entitled
to receive possible earn-out payments of up to 8,000 over eight fiscal quarters, payable in a combination of cash and shares of our
Class A Common Stock, based upon the satisfaction of certain financial metrics and continued employment with us. The RaGE Systems business
combination agreement also provides the RaGE Systems stockholders with piggy-back registration rights, subject to certain
requirements and customary conditions. 

Our
leadership team is comprised of industry veterans with prior experience at premier semiconductor and connectivity companies, including
Microsemi Corporation (which was acquired by Microchip Technology Inc.), Skyworks Solutions, Inc., Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (which
was acquired by Analog Devices Inc.), Qorvo, Inc., STMicroelectronics N.V., MaxLinear, Inc., Qualcomm Incorporated, Macom Technology
Solutions Holdings, Inc. and Texas Instruments Incorporated, and our leadership team has significant experience and insight into growing
advanced technology companies and executing strategic acquisitions to accelerate growth. Our engineering team is highly skilled in radio
frequency, analog and mixed-signal technologies and has prior experience spearheading development of RF solutions that are widely used
in existing wireless systems and devices. 

Industry
Overview 

Wireless
Systems Solutions Our wireless systems solutions address several growth markets in the electronics industry communications,
sensing and detection and microelectronics. We expect these markets will continue to expand, driven by a number of factors. 

Communications
 The demand for mobile and fixed data continues to grow at exponential rates.
 The evolution of wireless communications standards has enabled many data intensive applications,
 such as video streaming, online conferencing and social media. Moreover, we believe ongoing
 deployment of applications for artificial intelligence AI ), alternative reality
 AR ), virtual reality VR ), autonomous vehicles, and industrial
 Internet of Things IoT sensors, will compound the strain on the current generation
 of wireless networks, necessitating higher bandwidth and more efficient communication networks.
 The next generation of wireless communications, including 5G and beyond, is expected to revolutionize
 the way data is transferred around the world. With data speeds up to 20 Gb/s coupled with
 ultra-low latency, or minimal delays in the transmission of data, the potential applications
 for 5G can be significantly more extensive than for earlier generations of wireless communications.
 There is also increasing interest in energy efficient, standards-based infrastructure. Wireless
 systems operators around the world have experienced increased operating costs due to the
 increasing cost of energy. We believe the need for highly power efficient solutions is particularly
 important for operators who provide coverage in rural, infrastructure constrained markets.
 We expect these demands create opportunities to develop new communication solutions for both
 domestic and international markets. 

2 

Sensing
 and Detection Demand for single and multiband sensing and detection solutions
 continues to grow across several market areas. In the security market, radio RF and mmWave
 imaging is used to sense and detect concealed objects in closed parcels or under clothes.
 The medical market uses a variety of non-visual spectrum to sense and detect a variety of
 conditions such as skin cancers or internal tumors and their compositions. Using RF, mmWave
 and infrared IR technologies, we can sense and detect flaws in building materials
 including concrete, wooden beams and other structural materials to determine the viability
 and safety of infrastructure. These applications use a combination of multi-spectral sensors,
 higher performance microelectronics, machine learning and AI and general computing for systems. 

Microelectronics
 The specification, design and manufacture of very small electronic designs and
 components and circuits drives most electronics growth in the modern electronics industry.
 Higher mobility, lower costs and greater energy efficiency drive innovations in communications,
 automotive, medical, sensing and other applications for the consumer commercial electronics,
 industrial electronics and aerospace and defense electronics markets. Microelectronics covers
 application specific integrated circuits ASIC ), RFIC and system on chip SoC IC designs. It also includes devices such as multi-chip modules MCMs and
 multi-chiplet modules McMs ). The trends now are to drive microelectronics
 to have global connectivity options and included capabilities for machine learning and AI. 

Interconnect
Products Our interconnect products address the global EMI filter market which we believe is experiencing significant growth
due to the increasing demand for noise reduction in electronic devices. The growing complexity of electronic systems and the proliferation
of communication technologies are driving the market growth. 

Our
EMI filtering devices are designed to reduce electromagnetic interference and allow for effective functioning of electronic communication
systems. We believe the increasing complexity of aerospace and defense systems will drive greater demand for electromagnetic interference
filters in the military and aerospace sectors. The increasing use of unmanned aerial vehicles and other advanced
technology solutions has also fueled market growth. 

Our
high-reliability EMI filters are designed to consistently meet or exceed performance requirements and are vitally important to any industry
with a high cost of failure. For example, our military, aerospace, and healthcare customers utilize our products for the accurate transmission
and reception of signals required to ensure soldier, aircraft and patient safety or achieve mission success. Currently, our EMI filtering
products are widely used in various applications and industries, including aerospace, military, defense and healthcare. 

Connectivity
 The demand for high bandwidth and low latency connections is expected to extend from wireless to wired connections for many
current and next generation applications. Many professional audio/video Pro A/V systems, such as video conferencing,
are capitalizing on the advantages of AOC connections to provide a high bandwidth, uncompressed high-definition signal with low latency
over greater distances. We believe the push to include 5G connectivity in the Pro A/V and other markets of mission-critical applications,
such as for autonomous vehicles and remote medicine, has already begun and will be a significant opportunity. 

Market
Opportunity 

As
a global provider of a diverse portfolio of advanced capability products, we believe that we are well positioned to capitalize upon the
strong growth trends within the consumer commercial, industrial, automotive, medical, aerospace and defense markets worldwide. We believe
our technology, products, and acquisition strategy will serve as strong bases for growth in the markets we currently serve as well as
enable us to penetrate new markets globally. We believe our ability to develop and produce market-leading products and services coupled
with our deep knowledge of our customers and end markets will enable us to expand our domestic and international market share and continue
to offer our customers high-value solutions. 

Consumer
Commercial Customer premise equipment requires the high bandwidth and low latency capabilities of 5G
technology. This has created opportunities in existing and emerging markets beyond the traditional mobile handset and consumer electronics
markets being served by 4G LTE. Data intensive applications from mobile high definition 4K and 8K streaming to wireless AR/VR are expected
to drive the demand for high-performance, compact and cost-effective solutions that enable next generation connectivity, creating opportunities
for the application of our wireless solutions. 

3 

Industrial
 Securing sensitive areas such as airports, ports of entry, government offices and data centers as well as other public spaces
is a major growth area due to the lack of system level solutions and companies with the capabilities to service these markets. We believe
this presents an opportunity for us and our capabilities in the design, testing and manufacturing of multi-band, multi-spectral systems
integrated with data processing and AI with machine leaning. We believe our unique position supplying the largest systems integrator
of these types of solutions domestically offers us an opportunity to develop new capabilities and enter new markets. 

We
expect that carriers will need to deploy dense networks of mmWave 5G small cells and repeaters in dense urban applications in order to
maintain coverage and quality of service. In rural applications, the emphasis is on coverage and efficiency of the infrastructure in
energy constrained deployments. We believe these factors present significant opportunities for us. Each small cell and/or repeater will
require multiple chips to meet the necessary output power and coverage requirements. Rural cells will require energy efficient designs
which utilize AI to meet capacity and coverage while minimizing power consumption. We believe our design capabilities, IP, and products
position us to be a strong supplier at both ends of the communications infrastructure market. 

Satellite
Communications With the proliferation of satellite enabled devices there is an industry push to converge broadband low earth
orbit satellite communications LEO SATCOM with terrestrial 5G and other technologies. LEO SATCOM applications can provide
lower latency and greater global coverage compared to geosynchronous satellite applications. On the ground terminal side, having a broadband
satellite connection as a backup will allow many devices from handsets and laptops to connected cars to have more stable connections.
As the world becomes more and more connected, we believe our True5G mmWave 5G ICs (currently in development) and LEO SATCOM connectivity
will be an attractive solution for keeping consumers connected anywhere in the world. 

Automotive
 We expect that emerging mission-critical applications will rely on the low latency capabilities of wireless mmWave 5G technology.
For example, self-driving, autonomous vehicles require a reliable, high-bandwidth, high-speed signal with the lowest latency possible
to enable communication with other vehicles and networks and decision-making in real time. We expect the universal frequency coverage
of our True5G ICs will allow automotive system suppliers to develop a single SKU solution that can be installed on any car worldwide.
We seek to offer the ability to integrate 5G connectivity to existing systems through working with partners and system integrators for
the automotive market. AOC connections are also being explored to provide high-speed, high-bandwidth and electromagnetic interference-free
connectivity with low latency and much lighter weight when compared to existing copper cables. 

Medical
 Ultra-low latency connections in the medical industry are expected ultimately to allow doctors and surgeons to operate and
treat patients remotely in true real time without any noticeable lag. Our 5G mmWave ICs are designed to enable these broadband connections
with the low latency. We see opportunities to use our AOCs to connect surgical robots and cameras to remote monitors. AOC technology
allows signals to be transferred from the camera to the monitor with a fully uncompressed signal with low latency and be galvanically
isolated i.e. , free from electromagnetic interference). Moreover, sensing and detection solutions for medical applications, which
are less invasive for patients and more cost effective for providers, are in increasing demand. RF, mmWave, IR and other sensor types
can be combined through microelectronics with AI and machine learning to detect and identify potential areas in and on the body for more
detailed examination. We believe our knowledge, IP and industry partnerships can help us leverage new designs and products in this market
area. 

Aerospace
and Defense We offer a variety of products that support the needs of end-user customers in the aerospace and defense and
HiRel markets, including our wireless systems solutions and interconnect products. Key end customers, including the U.S. military, have
expressed a need for high-speed, reliable and secure communications links for various applications, including the Connected Soldier 
and Connected Battlefield in the Internet of Military Things, which includes sensing and computing devices worn by soldiers,
embedded in combat suits and helmets. High bandwidth connectivity utilized in a private network is increasingly expected to allow the
military to track, monitor and manage assets in the field in real time, enhancing market demand for high-performance, reliable and cost-effective
solutions, which our products are designed to be. 

4 

Products 

Wireless
Systems Solutions Our wireless systems solutions products and services address three key markets communications, sensing
and detection, and microelectronics. 

Communications
 We provide both products and services for communications applications. Typically,
 we contract with customers to specify, design, prototype and validate products for markets
 in which our customers have an established position. We offer a highly skilled, multi-functional,
 knowledgeable team and we have significant industry know-how that cuts across every system
 aspect. Once the prototypes or trial units have been fielded, we seek to enter into a supply
 contract to build, test, ship and maintain products for our customer. In 2024 we launched
 our SMART Edge device a software-manageable autonomous radio transceiver and
 an innovative appliance optimized for deployment at the network edge. This device is software
 programmable for a variety of applications such as RF spectrum analysis, RF broadcast node,
 transition base station and other custom applications. 

Sensing
 and Detection We provide a custom designed product and a variety of services
 for sensing and detection applications. In security technology systems for airports, ports
 and borders, we work with a market leader and provide a key mmWave sensing module used in
 latest generation systems. We also provide design services to help with system improvements,
 cost reduction, new features and system development. We seek to expand our customer and application
 space to include non-destructive sensing of critical infrastructure components like wooden
 timbers, concrete and other building materials. 

Microelectronics
 Semiconductor components are the building blocks used in wireless systems and
 devices. These components are classified as either discrete devices or ICs (also referred
 to as chips or a chipset ), in which a number of transistors and
 other elements are combined to form a more complicated electronic circuit. Our 5G chipset
 IP and technology will feature a design which will minimize the number of semiconductor chips
 needed to enable 5G devices, and therefore we believe our product will reduce the cost of
 such devices. Although we have not yet sold any 5G ICs, we believe our IP and developed technology
 positions us to complete development of our True5G chipset as the market for mmWave 5G ICs
 evolves. 

Interconnect
Products Our interconnect products consist of EMI filter inserts and filtered and non-filtered connectors. EMI filters are
crucial components utilized in various electronic systems to mitigate EMI and ensure the integrity and reliability of signal transmission.
These filters are designed to selectively attenuate or block unwanted electromagnetic noise while allowing desired signals to pass through
unaffected. Our interconnect products are deployed in aerospace, military, defense, medical and healthcare products, and play a pivotal
role in maintaining signal clarity, reducing signal distortion, and safeguarding against potential disruptions caused by external electromagnetic
sources. By incorporating our interconnect products into electronic circuitry, our customers enhance the performance, efficiency, and
overall functionality of their products, thereby meeting stringent regulatory standards and ensuring optimal operational reliability
in diverse applications. 

Active
Optical Cables We provide active optical cables that offer the ability to extend high bandwidth signals with ultra-low latency
from the wireless portion of a system to the wired portion. Our True Xero AOCs are designed to deliver fiber optic connectivity at an
affordable price for a wide range of applications, including 5G infrastructure, autonomous vehicles, Pro A/V, AR/VR and remote medical
systems, among others. 

Competitive
Strengths 

Experienced
 management team Our board of directors and our executive management team possess
 comprehensive expertise in overseeing entities within the communications sector, particularly
 in the semiconductor industry. Several members of our board of directors and our management
 team have played pivotal roles in the inception and ongoing leadership of the enterprises
 that today form the backbone of our organization. This depth of knowledge and leadership
 is anticipated to greatly enhance our ability to implement our strategic objectives efficiently
 and effectively. 

5 

Diversified
 business model Our broad portfolio of products serve the connectivity, aerospace,
 military, defense and healthcare markets, and address the needs of both commercial and government
 customers operating in domestic and international markets. In addition to broadening our
 addressable market, our strategy of serving both the commercial and government markets makes
 us less dependent upon government funding and commercial business cycles than businesses
 focused solely on either market. Similarly, by selling our products and services in various
 industries, we are less susceptible to economic and political uncertainties at any given
 time. As a result of this diversity, we believe that our future success is not dependent
 upon a single technology, product, service, customer, government program or geographic market. 

Strong
 acquisition and integration track record Since our founding in 2020, we have
 strategically expanded our portfolio through the acquisition and integration of other businesses,
 including RaGE Systems, EMI Solutions and Cosemi, each of which aimed at broadening our operational
 capabilities and enhancing our financial metrics. These strategic initiatives have been instrumental
 in optimizing operational efficiencies across each acquired entity, subsequently bolstering
 our financial performance. In particular, we believe our recent acquisitions of RaGE Systems
 and EMI Solutions have allowed us to access new markets within the defense, military, aerospace
 and healthcare sectors. 

Superior,
 scalable wireless technology Our mmWave 5G ICs are based on a complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor
 CMOS process. Designing high-performance RF and mixed-signal/analog ICs in
 CMOS allows for higher levels of integration, which can lead to more compact products in
 a cost-effective manufacturing process. Due to the levels of integration afforded to us by
 designing in CMOS, we are able to design compact chips with frequency bands used worldwide
 in a form factor, or physical design specifications, similar to our competitors regional
 products. Additionally, we will seek to offer our mmWave 5G chipset as a single SKU, scalable
 chipset that we believe will simplify manufacturers designs and accelerate our customers 
 time to market. 

U.S.-based
 supplier of connectivity products The majority of AOC suppliers today are based
 in China. We believe this creates concerns for certain U.S.-based customers with respect
 to overall quality and pricing due to global economic tensions and tariffs. We use a U.S.-based
 fabless company with manufacturing relationships in regions outside China, such as Taiwan,
 and with a focus on performance, quality and customization while maintaining competitive
 pricing in the AOC market. We believe that being able to provide a high-quality custom or
 semi-custom AOC solution enables Mobix Labs to serve the evolving needs of mission-critical
 applications in the automotive, medical and military markets. 

Extensive
 patent and trade secret portfolio We believe our extensive intellectual property
 portfolio, comprising a combination of existing and pending patents and trade secrets, provides
 us with a significant competitive advantage in our wireless and connectivity products. The
 intellectual property and expertise we developed will allow us to meet the difficult system
 specifications associated with 5G in standard, bulk CMOS processes. We believe that our intellectual
 property portfolio, as well as our research and development capabilities, enable us to design
 solutions that can effectively solve our customers complex engineering challenges
 and capitalize on secular growth trends. 

Company
Strategy 

Acquire
 and integrate complementary assets A key component of our growth strategy is to
 continually explore acquisition opportunities that can be accretive in both the short and
 long term or fill a potential technology gap. A critical element of our ability to execute
 on our acquisition strategy is the timely and successful integration of companies that we
 acquire, with the goal of quickly achieving sustained operational and financial benefits.
 We begin this integration process during the negotiation and due diligence processes for
 each acquisition. 

Accelerate
 technology development and innovation We are dedicated to developing innovative
 solutions for next generation consumer commercial, industrial, automotive, medical and aerospace
 and defense products. In this effort, we have developed our proprietary technology, or may
 work with our customers IP, for mmWave, 2/3/4/5G communications and ICs for a variety
 of applications. We believe this approach will allow us to develop more efficient, cost-effective
 and compact products and solutions for our customers. 

6 

Expand
 into new end markets and geographies Our products and solutions are designed
 to: 

enable
 5G devices to transmit and receive data at extremely high data rates which we believe will
 surpass those currently available in the consumer market; 

enable
 AOC connections to provide a high bandwidth, uncompressed high-definition signal with low
 latency over greater distances. We believe the push to include 5G connectivity in mission-critical
 applications, such as for autonomous vehicles and remote medicine, has already begun and
 will be a significant opportunity for us; and 

minimize
 EMI in mission critical applications, including aerospace, military, defense and healthcare. 

Our
connectivity products are currently targeted at the North American Pro A/V and medical robotic surgery markets, with opportunities for
expansion into other markets. We believe the global distribution and sales channels we have established provide additional opportunities
to address several new markets from data centers to emerging 5G applications worldwide. 

Manufacturing
and Operations 

We
manufacture our products either at our own facilities or obtain manufacturing services from contract manufacturers. We currently manufacture
a substantial portion of our products at our own facilities. This is intended to allow us to efficiently manage both our supply competitiveness
and manufacturing utilization in order to minimize the risk associated with market fluctuations and maximize cash flow. Our internal
manufacturing capabilities are focused on our interconnect products and wireless systems solutions. Due the application of our interconnect
products in national security and defense applications, our interconnect products must be manufactured in the United States, with limited
exceptions. 

For
our wireless mmWave 5G ICs currently in development, we outsource wafer fabrication to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company TSMC ).
We believe the manufacturing process used by TSMC is available from other wafer fabrication providers. However, given TSMC s manufacturing
capacity, we do not expect to need to engage any other wafer fabrication provider for our wireless mmWave 5G ICs. We believe that the
raw materials, parts and supplies used in wafer fabrication are generally available at present and will remain available in the foreseeable
future. Semiconductor wafers are usually shipped to third-party contractors for device assembly and packaging, where the wafers are cut
into individual die, packaged and tested before final shipment to customers. We will also rely on third parties for device assembly and
packaging services. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
sell our products and services directly to original equipment manufacturers OEMs or original design manufacturers ODMs and contract manufacturers through our global sales force. Our go-to-market strategy provides comprehensive customer coverage. We seek
to collaborate with customers through the technology selection and design processes to gain design wins. We are customer and standard
agnostic, allowing our solutions to be used globally and across multiple platforms and customers. We target innovative product suppliers
and focus on communications technology used in mission critical and HiRel applications. 

We
often work with customers that have a leading market share in a given application or solution. Given military, aerospace and healthcare
product lifecycles, our products may remain in production with a customer for more than seven years with a single design. 

Wireless
Systems Solutions We strive to implement our go-to-market strategy, which is intended to provide comprehensive customer coverage
through semiconductor component distributors and independent sales representative organizations. We currently have two direct sales representatives.
We also maintain a network of distributors and independent sales representative organizations, primarily in Europe and the Asia-Pacific
region. As is customary in the semiconductor industry, our distributors and independent sales representative organizations may also market
other products that compete with ours. 

7 

The
sales process of semiconductor components and solutions typically commences with identifying and qualifying prospective customers and
programs. Component suppliers like Mobix Labs need to collaborate with the prospective customers to work through the design funnel until
production of the customers products. During this process, component suppliers often provide technical support through the independent
sales representative organizations that are concurrently providing pre-sales, post-sales and account management services to bring the
customers products to market in a timely manner. 

We
have engaged with several top tier OEMs and ODMs that develop 5G wireless applications for various industries, including communication
infrastructure and automotive. The independent sales representative organizations we work with provide lead generation, pre-sales support
and customer service to our mutual customers. They also work closely with us throughout the process of bringing our customers 
products to market. The independent sales representative organizations we work with have deep experience in creating market awareness,
building a strong design pipeline and cultivating ongoing customer relationships to drive sales growth for wireless products. Our distributor
partners can also provide product fulfillment and global supply chain support for our customers. 

Connectivity
 For our connectivity business, we are engaged directly with our customers, who are often suppliers and distributors in the
Pro-AV (professional audio-visual) and medical markets. We provide standard and custom solutions to these customers that are marketed
under their brand names. 

Customers 

 Our
primary customers are organizations that sell product solutions for aerospace, military, defense, healthcare, and professional audio
video applications. We have also engaged with several OEMs and ODMs in an effort to secure them as customers for our mmWave 5G ICs when
the products are available for sale. If they do purchase our mmWave 5G ICs, we expect them to purchase these products on a purchase order
basis when we complete development and commence sales, which is customary in the semiconductor industry. 

From
the commencement of our operations and through the year ended September 30, 2023, we generated substantially all of our revenues from
the sale of our connectivity products. During the year ended September 30, 2024, our acquisitions of EMI Solutions and RaGE Systems significantly
diversified our product groups and our customer base. For the year ended September 30, 2024, sales to Leidos Holdings, Inc. accounted
for approximately 40 of our net revenues and no other customer accounted for 10 or more of our net revenues. 

Competition 

Wireless
Systems Solutions The 5G market presents a significant opportunity for many existing and emerging semiconductor companies.
Large companies such as Qualcomm Incorporated, NXP Semiconductors, N.V., Qorvo, Inc., Skyworks Solutions, Inc., and Analog Devices Inc.
have all offered products to address the RF and mixed-signal portion of 5G radios for connected devices. There are also a number of smaller
companies looking to capitalize on the 5G market as well. We typically design our sensing and detection solutions under contracts and
we primarily compete with our customers internal resources for design activity and with external contract manufacturers for the
manufacture of products or equipment. 

Interconnect
Products Multiple companies vie to provide effective solutions for mitigating electromagnetic interference. Principal companies
with whom we compete include Amphenol Corporation, Glenair, Inc., ITT Inc., and TE Connectivity Corporation. However, we believe that
only a limited number of companies, including us, are approved vendors for products incorporated into military, defense, aerospace, and
healthcare solutions. 

Connectivity
 There are many companies offering different connectivity solutions, including AOCs, copper passive cables, copper active
cables, HDBaseT or pure fiber optic cables. We believe that AOCs offer advantages, including longer distances, a single cable, plug and
play capability and a thin, flexible and lightweight design. The majority of competing suppliers of AOCs are based in China and offer
solutions that we believe are often perceived in the market as being of lower quality and compete primarily on price. 

8 

Many
of our competitors have greater financial, manufacturing, technical, sales and marketing resources to develop and market products that
compete with our products. Some of our competitors may also have more advantageous supply or development relationships with our current
and potential customers or suppliers. 

Research
and Development 

At
our core, we are a technology innovation company. We have invested a significant amount of time and expense into the design and development
of our wireless mmWave 5G technology. We view our technology, whether internally developed or obtained by way of an acquisition of a
business, as a competitive advantage. We devote substantial resources to acquire and develop technology to be incorporated within our
products. We have committed, and plan to continue to commit, significant resources to technology and product innovation and development. 

Intellectual
Property 

A
key strength of business is our intellectual property portfolio and engineering experience, both of which guide product development activities
and our approach to maintaining, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property. We rely on our proprietary technologies, trade secrets
and know-how to give us a competitive advantage. We also have a number of intellectual property registrations (including issued patents
and trademark registrations), but we do not rely on any particular patent or patents for our success and have instead relied on our know-how
and trade secrets. 

Our
future success and competitive position depend in part upon our ability to obtain and maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual
property and proprietary information. We rely primarily on patent, trademark, trade secret and similar laws, as well as nondisclosure
and confidentiality, agreements, international treaties and other methods, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information.
In order to maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary information, we may be required to litigate or arbitrate
to enforce our contract and intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. 

Due
to the competition in the industry in which we operate, there is frequent litigation related to allegations of infringement, misappropriation
or other violations of intellectual property rights. From time to time we may receive inquiries from third parties related to their intellectual
property rights and may become subject to litigation matters or disputes related to claims that we have infringed, misappropriated or
violated their intellectual property rights, particularly as we expand our presence in the market and face increasing competition. 

Government
Regulations 

We
are subject to import/export controls, tariffs and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in the countries in which we do business.
These controls, tariffs, regulations and restrictions (including those related to, or affected by, United States-China relations, as
discussed in Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry have had, and we believe may continue
to have, a material impact on our business, including our ability to manufacture or sell products or source components. 

Government
regulations are subject to change in the future, and accordingly we are unable to assess the possible effect of compliance with future
requirements or whether our compliance with such regulations will materially impact our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

Human
Capital 

Our
people are critical to success and the pursuit of our goals and growth strategy. We strive to attract and retain team members who are
driven to innovate and who bring diverse perspectives and skills. As of September 30, 2024, we had a total of 50 employees in the United
States, of whom 13 were primarily engaged in research and development, 3 were primarily engaged in sales and marketing, 15 were primarily
engaged in manufacturing, and 19 were primarily engaged in general and administrative functions. None of our employees is covered by
a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. Additionally, from time to time we utilize third-party contractors
to supplement our workforce. 

Available
Information 

We
file or furnish annual, quarterly and current reports and other documents with the SEC. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments, will be made available free of charge on our website, www.mobixlabs.com,
as soon as reasonably practicable, following the filing of the reports with the SEC. In addition, our website allows investors and other
interested persons to sign up to automatically receive e-mail alerts when news releases and financial information is posted on the website.
The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information on or obtainable through our website is not incorporated into this Annual
Report. 

9 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to
the businesses of Mobix Labs. 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors, 
that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and the growth of our business.
In particular, the following risks, among others, may offset our competitive strengths or have a negative effect on our business strategy,
which could cause a decline in the price of the Class A Common Stock or Public Warrants and result in a loss of all or a portion of your
investment: 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
 are an early stage company, and it remains difficult to evaluate our future prospects and
 the risks and challenges we may encounter. 
 
 We
 cannot predict whether we will maintain revenue growth. 
 
 We
 have incurred losses in the operation of our business and anticipate that our expenses will
 increase, potentially leading to continued losses from operations in the near future. 
 
 We
 cannot assure you that we will achieve or maintain profitability and there is substantial
 doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We
 will need to raise additional capital in the future to execute our business plan. 
 
 We
 may fail to successfully acquire or integrate new businesses, products, and technology. 
 
 If
 our customers are unable to achieve widespread market acceptance of their products which
 incorporate our products, we may not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support
 our business. 
 
 Our
 customers generally require our products to undergo a lengthy qualification process. 
 
 Markets
 for our 5G semiconductor products are still developing and may not develop as expected. 
 
 If
 we are unable to execute our growth strategies effectively, our business may be adversely
 affected. 
 
 The
 markets for our semiconductor products and solutions are highly competitive. 
 
 Our
 products and solutions are subject to intense competition. 
 
 Our
 future success will depend on our ability to successfully introduce new products and solutions
 for our markets that meet the needs of our customers. 
 
 The
 consolidation or vertical integration of our customers may adversely affect our financial
 results. 
 
 We
 generate a substantial portion of our revenues from one customer and expect that we will
 generate revenue from a limited number of customers in the near future. 
 
 We
 generally do not obtain long-term purchase commitments. 
 
 Defects
 in our products or poor design and engineering solutions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We
 depend on third-party offshore manufacturers for producing several of our products. 
 
 Inflation
 and unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 If
 we are unable to manage the growth of our operations, our performance may suffer. 
 
 Our
 failure to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes
 to trade policy, tariffs and import/export regulations may have a material adverse effect
 on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our
 future success depends on our ability to retain key employees and to attract qualified personnel. 
 
 We
 identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are
 unable to remediate these material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal
 control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial
 condition. 
 
 Our
 business could suffer in the event of a security breach involving our information technology
 IT systems or our intellectual property or other confidential or proprietary
 information. 
 
 Instituting
 and defending against intellectual property or other types of litigation and administrative
 proceedings could cause us to spend substantial resources. 

10 

We
 are subject to, and must remain in compliance with, laws and governmental regulations across
 various jurisdictions concerning the development and sale of our products. 
 
 We
 are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect us. 
 
 Some
 of our potential customers may require us to comply with additional regulatory requirements. 
 
 We
 could be adversely affected by violations of applicable anti-corruption laws or violations
 of our internal policies designed to ensure ethical business practices. 
 
 Our
 intellectual property applications may not be issued or granted or may take longer than expected,
 which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to enforce our intellectual property
 rights. 
 
 We
 depend on our intellectual property, and our failure to protect that intellectual property
 could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We
 are subject to state, federal and international privacy and data protection laws and regulations. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Securities 

The
 market price of our securities may be volatile. 
 
 If
 equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or if they publish unfavorable
 research or reports about our company, our stock price and its trading volume could decline. 
 
 We
 are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance
 and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 
 
 The
 dual class structure of our Common Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with
 the holders of our Class B Common Stock, most of whom are our directors or management. 
 
 Our
 management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 
 We
 may become subject to securities or class action litigation. 
 
 We
 anticipate that our stockholders will experience dilution in the future. 
 
 We
 are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company. 
 
 We
 do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock in the foreseeable
 future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of the Class A Common Stock will be your
 sole source of gain for the foreseeable future, if any, and you may never receive a return
 on your investment. 
 
 Future
 sales of our Class A Common Stock may cause the market price to drop significantly. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
are an early-stage company, and it remains difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. 

We
have been focused on developing semiconductor products since our inception in 2020. Our recent acquisitions of RaGE Systems and EMI Solutions
have expanded our operations to aerospace, military, defense, medical and other markets. However, it remains difficult to evaluate our
future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. Risks and challenges we have faced or expect to face include, but are
not limited to, our ability to: 

continue
 to develop and commercialize our products; 
 
 continue
 sales growth from our connectivity, aerospace, military, defense, medical and other products; 
 
 forecast
 our revenue and budget for and manage our expenses; 
 
 execute
 our growth strategies including through mergers and acquisitions; 
 
 raise
 additional capital on acceptable terms to execute our business plan; 
 
 continue
 as a going concern; 
 
 attract
 new customers, retain existing customers and expand existing commercial relationships; 
 
 compete
 successfully in the highly competitive industries in which we operate; 
 
 plan
 for and manage capital expenditures for our current and future products, and manage our supply
 chain and supplier relationships related to our current and future products; 

11 

comply
 with existing and new or modified laws and regulations applicable to our business in and
 outside the United States, including compliance requirements of U.S. customs and export regulations; 
 
 anticipate
 and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets in which we operate; 
 
 maintain
 and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; 
 
 effectively
 manage our growth and business operations; 
 
 develop
 and protect intellectual property; 
 
 maintain
 and enhance the security of our IT system; 
 
 hire,
 integrate and retain talented people at all levels of our organization; 
 
 successfully
 defend our company in any legal proceeding that may arise and enforce our rights in any legal
 proceedings we may initiate; and 
 
 manage
 and mitigate the adverse effects on our business of any public health emergencies, natural
 disasters, widespread travel disruptions, security risks including IT security, data privacy,
 cyber risks, international conflicts, geopolitical tension and other events beyond our control. 

If
we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those
described elsewhere in this Risks Related to Our Business and Industry section, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected. Moreover, as we have limited historical financial data and operate in a rapidly
evolving and highly competitive market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be
if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. 

We
cannot predict whether we will succeed in maintaining revenue growth, or when we will be able to generate income from operations. 

We
cannot predict whether we will succeed in maintaining revenue growth or when we will be able to generate income from operations. Our
revenue has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted if we are unable to obtain sufficient finished goods to fill customer orders
and to maintain or increase our profit margins due to manufacturing limitations, replacement costs, and our capital constraints. 

We
have incurred losses in the operation of our business and anticipate that our expenses will increase, potentially leading to continued
losses from operations in the near future. Moreover, we may not be able to achieve or generate sufficient income from operations to sustain
ourselves. 

Since
inception, we have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows, primarily due to our ongoing investment in product development.
For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred losses from operations of 46.4 million and 35.5 million, respectively.
As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 104.5 million. Since then, we have continued to incur losses from operations,
and we expect this trend to persist, along with negative cash flows from operations, for the foreseeable future. 

In
addition, we may not achieve or generate sufficient income from operations to sustain ourselves. We may incur substantial losses for
reasons, including changes in demand for our products, increasing competition, challenging macroeconomic conditions, regulatory changes
and other risks discussed herein. 

We
cannot assure you that we will achieve or maintain profitability or that we will be able to continue as a going concern. 

We
believe that there is substantial doubt concerning our ability to continue as a going concern as we currently do not have adequate liquidity
to meet our operating needs and satisfy our obligations beyond the next approximately ninety days. We will need to raise additional working
capital to continue our normal and planned operations. We will need to generate and sustain significant revenue levels in future periods
in order to become profitable, and, even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase our level of profitability. In addition,
as a public company, we will continue to incur increased accounting, legal, and other expenses which make it necessary for us to continue
to raise additional working capital. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than expected, and we may not be able to generate
sufficient revenue to offset our increased operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons,
including unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown events. Accordingly, substantial doubt exists about
our ability to continue as a going concern, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve sustainable operating profits as we continue
to expand our business and otherwise implement our growth initiatives and strategies. 

12 

The
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared on a going concern basis. We may not be able to generate
profitable operations in the future and/or obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and pay liabilities arising from normal
business operations when they come due. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time. These factors
raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. We plan to continue to provide for our capital needs through
sales of our securities, issuance of debt, and/or related party advances. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to
the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We
will need to raise additional capital in the future to fund our operations and execute our business plan, which may not be available
on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any fundraising involving the sale and issuance of equity securities can substantially dilute existing
stockholders. 

In
the future, we will require additional capital to respond to technological advancements, competitive dynamics, customer demands, business
opportunities, challenges, acquisitions, or unforeseen circumstances. We may determine to engage in equity or debt financings or enter
into credit facilities for other reasons. In order to further business relationships with current or potential customers or partners,
we may also issue equity or equity-linked securities to current or potential customers or partners. We may not be able to timely secure
additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible
debt or other equity-linked securities, our existing stockholders could experience significant dilution. If we are unable to obtain adequate
financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to
respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 

We
may fail to successfully acquire or integrate new businesses, products, and technology, and we may not realize expected benefits, resulting
in harm to the business. 

We
intend to continue growing our businesses, including through the acquisition of complementary businesses, products, or technologies rather
than through internal development. 

Identifying
suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates
or successfully complete identified acquisitions. In addition, completing an acquisition could divert our management and key personnel
from our business operations, which could harm the business and affect financial results. Even if we complete an acquisition, we may
not be able to successfully integrate newly acquired organizations, products, technologies, or employees into our operations or may not
fully realize some of the expected synergies. An acquired company may have deficiencies in product quality, regulatory marketing authorizations
or certifications, or intellectual property protections, which are not detected during due diligence activities or which are unasserted
at the time of acquisition. It may be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming for us to re-establish market access, regulatory compliance,
or cure such deficiencies in product quality or intellectual property protection in such cases, which may have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

If
our customers are unable to achieve widespread market acceptance of their products which incorporate our products, we may not be able
to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. 

The
following factors, among others, may affect the level of market acceptance of our products: 

the
 price of our customers products; 
 
 industry
 or user perceptions of the convenience, safety, efficiency and benefits of our products; 
 
 the
 effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts of our independent sales representative organizations
 and distributors; 
 
 the
 support and rate of acceptance of our products and solutions; and 
 
 regulatory
 developments. 

13 

If
we are unable to achieve or maintain market acceptance of its products, and if our products do not win widespread market acceptance,
our business may be significantly harmed. 

Our
customers generally require our products to undergo a lengthy qualification process, which does not assure product sales. If we are unsuccessful
or delayed in qualifying these products with a customer, our business and operating results may suffer. 

Prior
to purchasing our products, our customers generally require that our products and solutions undergo extensive qualification processes,
which involve testing of the products and solutions. This qualification process can take several months, and qualification of a product
by a customer does not assure any sales of the product to that customer. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in qualifying these products
with a customer, our business and operating results may suffer. 

Markets
for our 5G semiconductor products are still developing and may not develop at the speed and scale as expected. 

The
markets for our products designed for the 5G network are relatively new and still developing, which makes our business and future prospects
difficult to evaluate, and thus the estimates and forecasts of total addressable market and serviceable addressable
market are subject to significant uncertainty. We and our customers are pursuing opportunities in markets that are
undergoing rapid changes, including technological and regulatory changes, and it is difficult to predict the timing and size of the opportunities.
Many of the wireless and wired applications we and our customers are working towards commercializing require complex technology and are
subject to uncertainties with respect to, among other things, the heavy capital investment required to commercialize those applications,
the competitive landscape, the rate of consumer acceptance and the impact of current or future regulations. Regulatory, safety or reliability
developments, many of which are outside of our and our customers control, could also cause delays or otherwise impair commercial
adoption of new technologies and solutions, which may adversely affect our growth. 

As
we develop our 5G semiconductor products, we face the risk that potential customers may not value or be willing to bear the cost of incorporating
our products into their product offerings, particularly if they believe their customers are satisfied with prior offerings. If we are
unable to sell our 5G semiconductor products and new generations of such products, the growth prospects of our 5G semiconductor products
may be negatively affected. 

If
we are unable to execute our growth strategies effectively, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet customer and market demand, which could result in lower profitability or
cause us to fail to execute on our business strategies. In order to grow our business, we will need to continue to evolve and scale our
business and operations to meet customer and market demand. Evolving and scaling our business and operations places increased demands
on our management as well as our financial and operational resources to: 

attract
 new customers and grow our customer base; 
 
 sell
 additional products and services to our existing customers; 
 
 invest
 in our technology and product offerings; 
 
 effectively
 manage organizational change; 
 
 accelerate
 and/or refocus research and development activities; 
 
 increase
 sales and marketing efforts; 
 
 broaden
 customer support and services capabilities; 
 
 maintain
 or increase operational efficiencies; 
 
 implement
 appropriate operational and financial systems; and 
 
 maintain
 effective financial disclosure, controls and procedures. 

14 

If
we cannot evolve and scale our business and operations effectively, we may not be able to execute our business strategies in a cost-effective
manner, and our business, financial condition, profitability and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
markets for our semiconductor products and solutions are highly competitive, and some market participants have substantially greater
resources. We compete against both established competitors and new market entrants with respect to, among other things, cost, technology,
and engineering resources. 

The
markets for semiconductor products and solutions are highly competitive. Our future success in commercializing our semiconductor products
and solutions will depend on whether we can deliver the technology, products, and solutions solving our target customers engineering
challenges and continue to develop semiconductor products and solutions in a timely manner. Additionally, it will depend on whether we
can stay ahead of existing and new competitors. Some of our existing competitors and potential new competitors have longer operating
histories, greater name recognition, more established customer bases, and significantly greater financial, technical, research and development,
marketing, and other resources than we do. In some cases, our competitors may be better positioned to initiate or withstand substantial
price competition. If we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our products and solutions, our profit margin and profitability
could suffer. Certain competitors may be better positioned to acquire competitive solutions and take advantage of acquisition or other
similar expansion opportunities. Increased competition may result in pricing pressure and reduced margins, impeding our ability to increase
the sales of our products or causing us to lose market share. Any of these outcomes will adversely affect our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

Our
non-wireless connectivity products and solutions are also subject to intense competition. If customer preferences change to demand more
lower-priced products, our competitive advantage will be reduced. 

The
markets for our non-wireless and connectivity products and solutions are competitive and fragmented and are subject to changing technology
and shifting customer needs. A number of vendors produce and market products and services that compete to varying extents with our offerings,
and we expect this competition to intensify. Moreover, the rapid rate of technological change affecting the connectivity market could
increase the chances that we will face competition from new products or services designed by companies with whom we do not currently
compete. 

Our
future success will greatly depend on our ability to successfully introduce new products and solutions for our markets that meet the
needs of our customers. 

Our
future success will depend on our ability to introduce new products and improve and enhance our existing products. In furtherance of
these efforts, we expect to invest significantly in ongoing research and development. If we do not adequately fund our research and development
efforts, or if our investments in research and development do not translate into material enhancements to our products, we may not be
able to compete effectively, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be harmed. 

Furthermore,
given the rapidly evolving nature of the markets in which we compete, our products and technology could be rendered obsolete by alternative
or competing technologies. The markets in which we operate are characterized by changing technology and evolving industry standards.
We may not be successful in identifying, developing, and marketing products or systems that respond to rapid technological change, evolving
technical standards, and systems developed by others. If we do not continue to develop, manufacture, and market innovative technologies
or applications that meet customers requirements, sales may suffer, and our growth prospects may be harmed. 

The
consolidation or vertical integration of our customers may adversely affect our financial results. 

Our
industry is characterized by the high costs associated with developing marketable semiconductor products and solutions as well as high
levels of investment in production capabilities. As a result, the semiconductor industry has experienced, and may continue to experience,
significant consolidation among companies and vertical integration among customers. Larger competitors resulting from consolidations
may have certain advantages over us, including, but not limited to, substantially greater financial and other resources with which to
withstand adverse economic or market conditions and pursue development, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of their
products; longer operating histories; presence in key markets; patent protection; and greater name recognition. In addition, we may be
at a competitive disadvantage to our peers if we fail to identify attractive opportunities to acquire companies to expand our business.
Consolidation among our competitors and integration among our customers could erode our market share, negatively impact our capacity
to compete and require us to restructure our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

15 

We
generate a substantial portion of our revenues from one customer and expect that we will generate revenue from a limited number of customers
in the near future; and the loss of any key customer could have a material adverse effect on its business. 

From
the commencement of our operations and through the year ended September 30, 2023, we generated substantially all of our revenues from
the sale of our active optical cables products. During the year ended September 30, 2024, our acquisitions of EMI Solutions and RaGE
Systems significantly diversified our products and our customer base. For the year ended September 30, 2024, sales to Leidos Holdings,
Inc. accounted for approximately 40 of our net revenues and no other customer accounted for 10 or more of our net revenues. The loss
of this customer would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
primary customers are organizations that sell product solutions for aerospace, military, defense, healthcare, and professional audio
video applications. We have also engaged with several OEMs and ODMs in an effort to secure them as customers for our mmWave 5G ICs when
the products are available for sale. If they do purchase our mmWave 5G ICs, we expect them to purchase these products on a purchase order
basis when we complete development and commence sales, which is customary in the semiconductor industry. 

We
generally do not obtain long-term purchase commitments, and although most of our customer orders are non-cancellable, some customers
may choose to unilaterally cancel their purchase order which may adversely impact our revenue and operating results. 

With
limited exceptions, we generally do not obtain long-term commitments with our customers. While a majority of our customers are not permitted
to cancel their product orders, in some cases, customers may unilaterally cancel their orders, which may adversely impact our revenue
and operating results. 

Defects
in our products or poor design and engineering solutions could result in lost sales and subject us to substantial liability. 

If
our products perform poorly, whether due to design, engineering, or other reasons, we could lose sales. In certain cases, if our products
are found to be the component that leads to failure or a failure to meet the performance specifications of our customer, we could be
required to pay monetary damages to our customer. A defect in any of our products could give rise to significant costs, including expenses
relating to recalling the products, replacing defective items and writing down defective inventory as well as lead to the loss of potential
sales. In addition, the occurrence of such defects may give rise to product liability claims, including liability for damages caused
by such defects if our semiconductors or the consumer products based on them malfunction and result in personal injury or death. Such
claims could result in significant costs and expenses relating to damages and attorneys fees. Moreover, since the cost of replacing
defective semiconductor devices is often much higher than the value of the devices themselves, we may at times face damage claims from
customers that are in excess of the amounts paid to us for products, including consequential damages. We may even be named in product
liability claims where there is no evidence that our products caused the damage in question. We maintain insurance to protect against
certain types of claims associated with the use of our products, but our insurance coverage may not adequately cover any such claims.
In addition, even claims that ultimately are unsuccessful could result in expenditures of funds in connection with litigation and divert
management s time and other resources. We also may incur costs and expenses relating to a recall of one or more of our products.
In addition, our products could be subject to recalls directly or indirectly through the recall of products of our customers in which
our products may be embedded. The process of identifying recalled products that have been widely distributed may be lengthy and require
significant resources, and we may incur significant replacement costs, contract damage claims from our customers, and significant harm
to our reputation. The occurrence of these problems could result in the delay or loss of market acceptance of our products and could
adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

16 

We
depend on third-party offshore manufacturers for producing several of our products, and in the event of a disruption in our supply chain,
any efforts to develop alternative supply sources may take longer to take effect than anticipated. 

We
currently rely on offshore manufacturers to produce several of our products. We cannot be sure that these manufacturers will remain in
business, or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors. Our reliance on offshore manufacturers subjects us to a number
of risks that include, among other things: 

interruptions,
 shortages, delivery delays and potential discontinuation of supply as a result of any recurrence
 of pandemics such as COVID-19, or other reasons outside of our control; 
 
 political,
 legal and economic changes, crises or instability and civil unrest in the jurisdictions where
 our manufacturers plants are located, such as changes in China-Taiwan relations that
 may adversely affect our manufacturers operations in Taiwan; 
 
 currency
 conversion risks and exchange rate fluctuations; and 
 
 compliance
 requirements of U.S. customs and international trade regulations. 

Although
our products could be produced by other manufacturers, any attempt to transition our supply arrangement to one or more other manufacturers
could entail expense and could lead to delays in production. If we are unable to arrange for sufficient production capacity among our
contract manufacturers or if our contract manufacturers encounter production, quality, financial, or other difficulties, we may encounter
difficulty in meeting customer demands as we seek alternative sources of supply. If any of the risks discussed above materialize, costs
could significantly increase, and our ability to meet demand for our products could be impacted. 

Inflation
and unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including
conditions that are outside of our control, such as the impact of health and safety concerns, recent and ongoing price inflation in the
United States, foreign and domestic government sanctions, and other disruptions to global supply chains. A severe or prolonged economic
downturn, whether due to inflationary pressures or otherwise, could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened
demand for our products, or the inability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all. A weak or declining
economy could strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause delays in payments for our products by our customers.
Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which the current economic climate and financial
market conditions could adversely impact us. If inflation increases, we may not be able to adjust prices sufficiently to offset the effect
without negatively impacting our gross margin. 

Furthermore,
sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, geopolitical tensions, including further escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine,
further escalation of the conflict between the State of Israel and Hamas, as well as further escalation of tensions between the State
of Israel and various countries in the Middle East and North Africa, could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes
to global trade. Any or all of these factors could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

If
we are unable to manage expected growth in the scale and complexity of our operations, our performance may suffer. 

If
we are successful in executing our business strategy, we will need to expand our managerial, operational, financial, and other systems
and resources to manage our operations, continue our research and development activities, and, in the longer term, build a commercial
infrastructure to support the commercialization of any of our products. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities
on members of our management. It is likely that our management, finance, development personnel, systems, and facilities currently in
place may not be adequate to support this future growth. We need to effectively manage our operations, growth, and controls, and we continue
to develop more robust business processes and improve our systems and procedures in each of these areas and to attract and retain enough
numbers of talented employees. We may be unable to successfully implement these tasks on a larger scale, and, accordingly, may not achieve
our growth goals. 

17 

Our
failure to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
technology and products are subject to export control and import laws and regulations. The failure to comply with any applicable regulations
or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, fines, damages, civil or criminal penalties, or injunctions.
Complying with import/export control and sanctions regulations may limit where, and with whom, we may do business. In addition, responding
to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and financial resources. 

Changes
to trade policy, tariffs and import/export regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Changes
in global political, regulatory, and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development,
and investment in the territories or countries where we may purchase, manufacture, or sell our products or conduct our business could
adversely affect our business. In recent years, the United States has instituted or proposed changes in trade policies that include export
control restrictions, the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the United
States, increased economic sanctions on individuals, corporations, or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between
the United States and other countries where we conduct our business or plan to conduct business, including China, where we source materials
for our connectivity products and package and test our semiconductor products. A number of other nations have proposed or instituted
similar measures directed at trade with the United States in response. As a result of these developments, there may be greater restrictions
and economic disincentives on international trade that could adversely affect our business. It may be time-consuming and expensive for
us to alter our business operations to adapt to or comply with any such changes, and any failure to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain key employees, and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

Our
future depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, including engineers, technicians, machinists, and management
personnel. For example, our research and development efforts rely on hiring and retaining qualified engineers. Competition for highly
skilled engineers is extremely intense, and we may face difficulty in identifying and hiring qualified engineers in many areas of our
business. Additionally, our future hinges on the continued contributions of our executive officers and other key management and technical
personnel, each of whom would be challenging to replace. We do not maintain a key person life insurance policy on our chairman of the
board, our chief executive officer, or our president and chief financial officer. The loss of the services of one or more of our senior
executive officers or key personnel, or the inability to continue to attract qualified personnel, could potentially delay product development
cycles or otherwise materially harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses,
or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise continue to fail to maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely
affect our business and share price. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. The material weaknesses are as follows: 

We
 did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial
 reporting requirements. Specifically, we lacked a sufficient complement of personnel with
 an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze,
 record and disclose accounting matters timely and accurately. Additionally, the insufficient
 complement of personnel resulted in an inability to consistently establish appropriate authorities
 and responsibilities in pursuit of financial reporting objectives, as demonstrated by, among
 other things, insufficient segregation of duties in its finance and accounting functions. 

18 

We
 did not design and maintain an effective risk assessment process at a precise enough level
 to identify new and evolving risks of material misstatement in the financial statements.
 Specifically, changes to existing controls or the implementation of new controls have not
 been sufficient to respond to changes to the risks of material misstatement to financial
 reporting. 

These
material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: 

We
 did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve
 complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including
 controls over (i) the preparation and review of account reconciliations and journal entries,
 (ii) maintaining appropriate segregation of duties, (iii) determining the appropriate grant
 date for stock options and evaluating the assumptions used within the Black-Scholes model
 to determine the fair value of option grants, and (iv) the review of the completeness and
 accuracy of the income tax provision and related disclosures. Additionally, we did not design
 and maintain controls over the classification and presentation of accounts and disclosures
 in the financial statements and to ensure revenue transactions are recorded in the correct
 period. 
 
 We
 did not design and maintain effective controls to identify and account for certain non-routine,
 unusual or complex transactions, including the proper application of U.S. GAAP of such transactions.
 Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls to (i) timely identify, account
 for and value business combinations and asset acquisitions, including the associated tax
 implications and (ii) timely identify, account for and value financing arrangements. 
 
 We
 did not design and maintain effective controls to verify transactions are properly authorized,
 executed, and accounted for, including transactions related to incentive compensation arrangements. 

These
material weaknesses resulted in adjustments to revenue, accrued expenses, general and administrative expenses, inventory, costs of
products sold, the accounting for and classification of redeemable convertible preferred stock, founders preferred and common stock,
stock-based compensation expense, other current assets, income tax expense and deferred tax liabilities, as well as the purchase
price allocation for the business combination, as of and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021; and, adjustments to
stock-based compensation expense, accrued expenses, other current liabilities and the PIPE make-whole liability, as well as the
purchase price allocations for our business combinations as of and for the interim periods ended December
31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, and as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

We
 did not design and maintain effective IT general controls for information systems that are
 relevant to the preparation of the financial statements. Specifically, we did not design
 and maintain (i) program change management controls to ensure that program and data changes
 are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately, (ii) user access controls
 to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and to adequately restrict user and privileged
 access to appropriate personnel, (iii) computer operations controls to ensure that processing
 and transfer of data, and data backups and recovery are monitored, and (iv) program development
 controls to ensure that new software development is tested, authorized and implemented appropriately.
 These deficiencies did not result in a misstatement to the financial statements. 

Additionally,
these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material
misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

We
have begun implementation of a plan to remediate these material weaknesses, which we expect will result in significant future costs for us. 

We
are working to remediate the material weaknesses as efficiently and effectively as possible. At this time, we cannot provide an estimate
of costs expected to be incurred in connection with implementing this remediation plan; however, these remediation measures will be time
consuming, will result in us incurring significant costs and will place significant demands on our financial and operational resources. 

19 

While
we are designing and implementing measures to remediate our existing material weaknesses, we cannot predict the success of such measures
or the outcome of our assessment of these measures at this time. We can give no assurance that these measures will remediate any of the
deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, or that we will not identify additional material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting in the future. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions in our business, personnel, IT systems and applications, or other factors. Any failure to design or maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could increase
compliance costs, negatively impact share trading prices, or otherwise harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including
cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error
and the risk of fraud. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses, our ability to record, process, summarize and report information
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC could be adversely affected, which, in turn, may adversely affect
our reputation and business and the market price of our Class A Common Stock. In addition, any such failures could result in litigation
or regulatory actions by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, loss of investor confidence, delisting of our securities and harm to
our reputation and financial condition, or diversion of financial and management resources from the operation of our business. 

As
a public company, we are required to furnish a report by management on, among other
things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not
required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, or a smaller reporting company, as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation
S-K. We may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, in which case
our independent registered public accounting firm could not issue an unqualified opinion related to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. If we continue to conclude that we have ineffective internal control over financial reporting and our
independent registered public accounting firm is unable to issue an unqualified opinion related to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material
adverse effect on the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. 

Our
business could suffer in the event of a security breach involving our IT systems, intellectual property or other proprietary or confidential
information. 

We
rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology applications, systems, and networks to conduct our
business. The reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure and software, as well as our ability to expand and
continually update technologies in response to changing needs, are critical to our operations. Any significant interruption in these
applications, systems, or networks such as new system implementations, computer viruses, cyberattacks, security breaches, facility
issues, or energy blackouts could result in misappropriation of our intellectual property or other proprietary or confidential
information and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
business also depends on various outsourced IT services. We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical services and to adequately
address cybersecurity threats to their own systems. Any failure of third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt
our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Instituting
and defending against intellectual property or other types of litigation and administrative proceedings could cause us to spend substantial
resources, distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities, and have uncertain outcomes. 

We
have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be involved in actual and threatened litigation, regulatory proceedings,
and commercial or contractual disputes that may be significant. These matters may include, without limitation, disputes with suppliers
and customers, competitors, intellectual property disputes, government investigations, and stockholder litigation. In such matters, government
agencies or private parties may seek to recover very large, indeterminate amounts of monetary damages or penalties from us, including,
in some cases, treble or punitive damages. These types of litigation and proceedings could require significant management time and attention
or could involve substantial legal liability. They could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial position,
and our established reserves or our available insurance may not sufficiently mitigate this impact. 

20 

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors. None of our directors are required to commit any specified
amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on the business. 

Some
of our potential customers, including those in the military and aerospace industries, may require us to comply with additional regulatory
requirements, which will increase our compliance costs. 

Some
of our potential customers, including those in the military and aerospace industries, may require us to comply with additional regulatory
requirements. These additional regulations may impose added costs on our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We
could be adversely affected by violations of applicable anti-corruption laws or violations of our internal policies designed to ensure
ethical business practices. 

We
are subject to the risk that we, our U.S. employees or employees located in other jurisdictions or any third parties that we engage to
do work on our behalf in foreign countries may take action determined to be in violation of anti-corruption laws in any jurisdiction
in which we conduct business, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ). Any violation of the
FCPA or any similar anti-corruption law or regulation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties and
curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
In addition, we have internal ethics policies that we require our employees to comply with in order to ensure that our business is conducted
in a manner that our management deems appropriate. If these anti-corruption laws or internal policies were to be violated, our reputation
and operations could also be substantially harmed. 

Our
intellectual property applications, including patent and trademark applications, may not be issued or granted or may take longer than
expected to result in an issuance or grant, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to enforce our intellectual property
rights. 

We
have a number of patents and pending patent applications for our business. In addition, we have had both registered trademarks and pending
trademark applications. We cannot be certain that our applications for patent and trademark protection will be successful, and even if
issued or granted, we cannot guarantee that such patents or trademarks will provide meaningful protection of our intellectual property.
In addition, we may not be able to file and/or prosecute all necessary or desirable applications for intellectual property registrations
at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or pursue or obtain protection in all relevant markets, which could adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

We
depend on our intellectual property, and our failure to protect that intellectual property could adversely affect our business. 

Our
failure to protect our existing intellectual property rights may result in the loss of exclusivity or the right to use our technologies.
If we do not adequately ensure our freedom to use certain technology, we may have to pay others for rights to use their intellectual
property, pay damages for infringement or misappropriation, and/or be enjoined from using such intellectual property. 

We
cannot be certain that our technology and products do not or will not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties.
If infringement were to occur, our development, manufacturing, sales and distribution of such technology or products may be disrupted. 

We
rely on patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright law to protect our intellectual property. Our patent position is subject to complex
factual and legal issues that may give rise to uncertainty as to the validity, scope and enforceability of a particular patent. Accordingly,
we cannot assure that any of the patents we have filed or other patents that third parties license to us will not be invalidated, circumvented,
challenged, rendered unenforceable, or licensed to others or that any of our pending or future patent applications will be issued with
the breadth of claim coverage we seek, if issued at all. 

Effective
patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in certain foreign countries.
For instance, it may be difficult for us to enforce certain of our intellectual property rights against third parties who may have inappropriately
acquired interests in our intellectual property rights by filing unauthorized trademark applications in foreign countries to register
our marks because of their familiarity with our business in the United States. 

Some
of our proprietary intellectual property is not protected by any patent or patent application, and, despite our precautions, it may be
possible for third parties to obtain and use such intellectual property without authorization. We have generally sought to protect such
proprietary intellectual property in part by confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, inventors rights agreements with strategic
partners and employees, although such agreements have not been put in place in every instance. We cannot guarantee that these agreements
adequately protect our trade secrets and other intellectual property or proprietary rights. In addition, we cannot ensure that these
agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that such persons or institutions will not assert
rights to intellectual property arising out of these relationships. Furthermore, the steps we have taken and may take in the future may
not prevent misappropriation of our solutions or technologies, particularly in respect of officers and employees who are no longer employed
by us or in foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United
States. 

We
are subject to state, federal and international privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws
and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are subject to state, federal and international privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations that impose obligations on us
in connection with the collection, storage, use, processing, disclosure, protection, transmission, retention and disposal of personal,
sensitive, regulated and confidential data. We also may be bound by contractual obligations relating to our collection, use and disclosure
of personal, confidential and other data. While we strive to comply with all applicable privacy, data protection and information security
laws and regulations, as well as our contractual obligations and applicable industry standards, such laws, regulations, obligations and
standards continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly complex, which makes compliance challenging and expensive. Any failure or
perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, industry standards or contractual or other legal obligations relating to privacy,
data protection or information security could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. 

22 

We
are subject to, and must remain in compliance with, numerous laws and governmental regulations across various jurisdictions concerning
the development and sale of our products, including engagement of employees and contractors. 

We
develop and sell products that contain electronic components, and such components may contain materials that are subject to government
regulation in both the locations where the products are manufactured and assembled, as well as the locations where the products are sold.
Since we sell products internationally and intend to significantly increase our sales as we commercialize our semiconductor products,
this will be a complex process that will require continuous monitoring of regulations and an ongoing compliance process to ensure that
we, and our suppliers and manufacturers, are in compliance with all existing regulations. If there is an unanticipated new regulation
that significantly impacts our use of various components or requires more expensive components, that regulation could materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Securities 

In
the event that we are unable to remain in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards, Nasdaq may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. 

Currently,
our Class A Common Stock and the Public Warrants are traded on Nasdaq. However, we cannot assure you that our securities will
continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq, we are required to maintain
certain financial, distribution, and stock price levels. We are required to maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 50
million) and a minimum number of holders of our listed securities (generally 400 public holders). On August 9, 2024, we received a
delinquency notification letter (the MVLS Notice from Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Staff (the
 Staff due to the non-compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) as a result of our failure to maintain a minimum
Market Value of Listed Securities of 50 million. In addition, on November 18, 2024, we received a delinquency notification letter
(the Bid Prices Notice , together with the MVLS Notice, the Notices from the Staff due to the
non-compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), which requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per
share (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). The Notices have no immediate effect on the listing of our shares of Class
A Common Stock on Nasdaq and we have a period of 180 calendar days from receipt of each of the Notices to regain compliance.
However, if we fail to timely regain compliance with the rules, our shares will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. As of
the date of this Annual Report, we had satisfied the conditions to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 
 reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 
 
 a
 determination that our Class A Common Stock is a penny stock, which will require
 brokers trading in our Class A Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly
 result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 
 a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 
 a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Since our Class A Common Stock and our Public
Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, they are covered securities. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered
securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

The
market price of our securities may be volatile. 

Fluctuations
in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to the Closing, there was no public
market for the stock of Legacy Mobix or our Class A Common Stock. Although we have listed the Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq, an active
trading market may not be sustained. If an active market for the Class A Common Stock is not sustained, it may be difficult for you to
sell shares at an attractive price or at all. 

The
trading price of our securities is volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond
our control. Price volatility may be greater if the public float and/or trading volume of the Class A Common Stock is low. 

23 

Any
of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities and our securities may trade at
prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and
may experience a further decline. Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial
 results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 
 changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 
 success
 of competitors; 
 
 lack
 of adjacent competitors; 
 
 our
 operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in
 a particular period; 
 
 changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the industries
 in which we operate in general; 
 
 operating
 and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 
 announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint ventures, other strategic
 relationships or capital commitments; 
 
 changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 
 commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 
 changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional
 debt; 
 
 the
 volume of shares of Class A Common Stock available for public sale; 
 
 any
 significant change in our board of directors (the Board or management; 
 
 sales
 of substantial amounts of Class A Common Stock by our directors, executive officers or significant
 stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 
 
 general
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international
 currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism; and 
 
 changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles. 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock
market in general and Nasdaq have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of the particular companies affected. 

If
equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or if they publish unfavorable research or reports about our company, our
stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for Class A Common Stock may be influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us
and our business. In the event we do have equity research analyst coverage, the information and opinions about our Class A Common Stock
that is available to investors may be limited, which could reduce demand for our stock. The price of our stock could decline if one or
more equity research analysts downgrade the stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts
ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which, in turn, could cause our stock
price or trading volume to decline. 

We
are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs
and the risk of non-compliance and may adversely affect our business, and our results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely
to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to
time, and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. This evolution may
result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure
and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty
and our business may be harmed. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, and our results of operations. 

24 

The
dual class structure of our Common Stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with the holders of our Class B Common Stock,
most of whom are our directors or management; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our
Class B Common Stock has ten votes per share and Class A Common Stock has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of Class B
Common Stock, including certain of our executive officers and directors and their affiliates, together hold a substantial majority of
the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between the Class B Common Stock and the Class
A Common Stock, the holders of Class B Common Stock collectively control a majority of the combined voting power of the Common Stock
and therefore are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. This concentrated control will limit or preclude
your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future. 

Transfers
by holders of Class B Common Stock will generally result in those shares automatically converting to Class A Common Stock, subject to
limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or charitable purposes. The conversion of Class B Common Stock
to Class A Common Stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B Common Stock
who retain their shares of Class B Common Stock until the automatic conversion of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock into
shares of Class A Common Stock after the seventh anniversary of December 21, 2023. 

Our
management may experience difficulties with operating a public company. 

Our
executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may experience difficulties
with effectively managing and operating a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations
under federal securities laws. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies
could be a disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities, which will result
in less time being devoted to the management our operations and growth. We believe that we will need to continue to seek additional personnel
with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial
reporting required of public companies in the United States. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary
for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the United States will require significant costs,
and these may be greater than expected. We believe that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees
to support our operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. 

We
may become subject to securities or class action litigation, which is expensive and could divert management s attention. 

Our
share price may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been
subject to securities litigation, including class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation
of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any adverse determination in litigation or any amounts
paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments and/or could also subject us
to significant liabilities. 

We
anticipate that our stockholders will experience dilution in the future. 

The
percentage of shares of Class A Common Stock owned by current stockholders will likely be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions,
capital market transactions, or otherwise, including, without limitation, equity awards that we may grant to our directors, officers,
and employees, exercise of warrants or meeting the conditions triggering the issuance of the Earnout Shares and conversion of Class B
Common Stock. These issuances will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of
Class A Common Stock. 

25 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions
from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, our securities could be less attractive
to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions and relief
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
In particular, while we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will be exempt from any rules that could be adopted by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotations or requiring a supplement to the auditor s report on financial
statements, we will be subject to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and we will not be required to hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. 

In
addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging
growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences
in accounting standards used. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the initial public offering of Chavant, which occurred on July 19, 2021, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least
 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common equity that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and
(ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

The
exact implications of the JOBS Act are subject to interpretation and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies, and we cannot
assure you that we will be able to take advantage of all of the benefits of the JOBS Act. In addition, investors may find the Class A
Common Stock less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. If some investors find the Class
A Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the Class A Common Stock and our stock price
may decline or become more volatile. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our common equity held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (ii) the market
value of our common equity held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of the most recently completed second
fiscal quarter and our annual revenue in the most recent fiscal year completed before the last business day of such second fiscal quarter
exceeded 100 million. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may make comparison of our financial
statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Because
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will
be your sole source of gains and you may never receive a return on your investment. 

You
should not rely on an investment in the Class A Common Stock to provide dividend income. We currently intend to retain our future earnings,
if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements we may elect to utilize
are likely to preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of the Class A Common Stock will be your
sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our Class A Common Stock. 

26 

Future
sales of our Class A Common Stock may cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business
is doing well. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Class A Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could
adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock and may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares of our
Class A Common Stock at a time and price that investors deem appropriate. 

On
April 15, 2024, we filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act with the SEC to register shares of our Class A
Common Stock that may be issued under our equity incentive plans from time to time, as well as any shares of our Class A Common Stock
underlying outstanding options and restricted stock units RSUs that have been granted or promised to our directors, executive
officers and other employees, all of which are subject to time-based vesting conditions. Shares registered under these registration statements
will be available for sale in the public market upon issuance subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options, as well as Rule
144 in the case of our affiliates. 

Furthermore,
we have filed registration statements (the Resale Registration Statements registering the resale of up to 38,240,486 shares
of Class A Common Stock, which also includes shares issuable under outstanding convertible securities including outstanding warrants,
options and shares of our Class B Common Stock, by certain of our stockholders. Sales of our Class A Common Stock as restrictions end
or pursuant to registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price
that we deem appropriate. These sales also could cause the trading price of our Class A Common Stock to fall and make it more difficult
for you to sell shares of Class A Common Stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. 

Moreover,
continuous sales of a substantial number of our shares of Class A Common Stock in the public market pursuant to the Resale Registration
Statements, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our securities. The frequency of such sales
could cause the market price of our securities to decline or increase the volatility in the market price of our securities. 

We
are unable to predict the effect that these sales, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders,
may have on the prevailing market price of our Class A Common Stock. If holders of these shares sell, or indicate an intent to sell,
substantial amounts of our Class A Common Stock in the public market, the trading price of our Class A Common Stock could decline significantly
and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future. 

The
outstanding warrants are exercisable for Class A Common Stock, and, if exercised, would increase the number of shares eligible for future
resale in the public market and would result in dilution to our stockholders. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we have warrants outstanding, which are exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 18,675,800 shares of our Class
A Common Stock for prices ranging from 0.01 to 5.79 per share (subject to adjustments as set forth in the applicable warrants). To
the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of Class A Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the
holders of Class A Common Stock and will increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial
numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of
Class A Common Stock. 

27 

Our
Charter and Bylaws provide for an exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware for certain disputes between us and
our stockholders, and that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act. 

Our
Charter and Bylaws provide, that: (i) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, another state or federal court located within
the State of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or
proceeding brought on behalf of us, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or employee
of us to us or the stockholders, (c) any civil action to interpret, apply or enforce any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, (d) any civil action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the provisions of the Charter or the Bylaws or (e)
any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases, subject to the court having personal jurisdiction
over the indispensable parties named as defendants, provided, however, that the foregoing would not apply to any causes of action arising
under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act; (ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal
district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
provided, however, that the foregoing will not apply to any action asserting claims under the Exchange Act; (iii) any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of us will be deemed to have notice of and consented
to these provisions; and (iv) failure to enforce the foregoing provisions would cause us irreparable harm, and it would be entitled to
equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions. Nothing in our Charter or
Bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in federal court to the extent that
the Exchange Act confers exclusive federal jurisdiction over such claims, subject to applicable law. 

We
believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities
laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of
cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. If a court
were to find the choice of forum provision that is contained in our Charter and Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection
with claims arising under the Securities Act. 

The
choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or any of our current or former director, officer, other employee, agent, or stockholder to us, which may discourage such claims
against us or any of our current or former director, officer, other employee, agent, or stockholder to Mobix Labs, which may discourage
such claims against Mobix Labs or any of its current or former director, officer, other employee, agent, or stockholder to Mobix Labs
and result in increased costs for investors to bring a claim. 

Under
the Amendment to the Warrant Agreement, claims that may be brought against us must be resolved by final and binding arbitration, which
follows a set of procedures and may be more restrictive than litigation. 

The
amendment to the warrant agreement entered into by Chavant and Continental Stock Transfer, dated December 21, 2023 (the Amendment
to the Warrant Agreement ), provides that any dispute, controversy, or claim, whether in contract or tort, arising or relating
to the Amendment to the Warrant Agreement or the enforcement, breach, termination, or validity thereof, shall be submitted to final and
binding arbitration in Orange County, California, before one neutral and impartial arbitrator, in accordance with the laws of the state
of New York. As a result, warrant holders will not be able to pursue litigation in federal or state court against us, and instead, will
be required to pursue such claims through a final and binding arbitration proceeding. 

The
Amendment to the Warrant Agreement provides that such arbitration proceedings would generally be administered by JAMS and conducted in
accordance with the rules and policies set forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. These rules and policies
may provide significantly more limited rights than litigation in a federal or state court. The mandatory arbitration provisions of the
Amendment to the Warrant Agreement may discourage warrant holders from bringing, and attorneys from agreeing to represent such parties
in, claims against us. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in the warrants shall be deemed
to have notice of and to have consented to the mandatory arbitration provisions. 

The
mandatory arbitration provisions in the Amendment to the Warrant Agreement do not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. We believe the provisions of the Amendment to the Warrant Agreement are enforceable
under both federal and state law, including with respect to federal securities law claims; however, there is uncertainty as to their
enforceability, and it is possible that they may ultimately be determined to be unenforceable. 

28 

Delaware
law and provisions in the Charter and the Bylaws could make a takeover proposal more difficult. 

Certain
provisions of the Charter, the Bylaws, and laws of the State of Delaware could discourage, delay, defer, or prevent a merger, tender
offer, proxy contest, or other change of control transaction that a stockholder may consider favorable, including those attempts that
might result in a premium over the market price for our Class A Common Stock. Among other things, the Charter and Bylaws include provisions
that: 

provide
 for a dual class common stock structure, which provides the holders of Class B Common Stock,
 most of whom are our management, with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring
 stockholder approval, even if they collectively own significantly less than a majority of
 the shares of Mobix Labs outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock; 
 
 provide
 for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms, which could delay the
 ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of the Board; 
 
 provide
 that so long as any shares of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, the holders of a majority
 of the voting power of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding will be entitled
 to elect three members of the board of directors Class B Directors and for
 so long as there are three Class B Directors, each class will contain no more than one Class
 B Director; 
 
 prohibit
 cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders
 to elect director candidates; 
 
 provide
 for the exclusive right of the Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the
 expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director not elected by
 the holders of a class or series of capital stock of Mobix Labs or pursuant to the Charter,
 which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the Board; 
 
 permit
 the Board to issue shares of common stock and preferred stock, including blank check 
 preferred stock, and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences
 and voting rights of the preferred stock, without stockholder approval, which could be used
 to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 
 prohibit
 stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an
 annual or special meeting of stockholders, provided that any action to be taken at any meeting
 of the holders of Class B Common Stock may be taken without a meeting and by written consent; 
 
 require
 that special meetings of stockholders be called (a) solely by the Chairperson of the Board,
 the Chief Executive Officer, or the President of Mobix Labs or by the Mobix Labs Board, and
 (b) by the Board upon the written request (made in accordance with the Charter and Bylaws)
 of the holders of not less than ten percent of the voting power of the outstanding shares
 of capital stock of Mobix Labs, which may delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration
 of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 
 provide
 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board (other than directors
 elected by the holders of any class or series of capital stock of Mobix Labs pursuant to
 the Charter, initially being the Class B Directors) or for proposing matters that can be
 acted upon by stockholders at annual meetings of stockholders (other than matters on which
 the holders of any class or series of capital stock of Mobix Labs are entitled to vote on
 as a single class pursuant to the Charter), which could preclude stockholders from bringing
 matters before annual meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the Board and also may
 discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect
 the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of
 the company; 
 
 require
 a supermajority vote of stockholders to amend certain provisions of the Charter or the Bylaws;
 and 
 
 provide
 the right of the Board to make, alter or repeal the Bylaws, which may allow the Board to
 take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an
 acquirer to amend the Bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of our company or changes in the Board and our management. 

29 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which prevents some stockholders
holding more than 15 of outstanding Class A Common Stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders
of substantially all of the Class A Common Stock. Any provision of our Charter or Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying
or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of Class A Common
Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for Class A Common Stock. 

We
may redeem your unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby rendering your warrants
worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a
price of 0.01 per Public Warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.06 per share (as
adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like, and for certain issuances of
Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities for capital-raising purposes) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
commencing once the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption
and provided that certain other conditions are met on the date we give notice of redemption. We will not redeem the Public Warrants unless
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants
is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption
period, except if the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from warrant registration
under the Securities Act. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are
unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption
of the outstanding Public Warrants could force you to (i) exercise your Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time
when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your Public Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise
wish to hold your Public Warrants, or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price, which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are
called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Public Warrants. None of the Public Warrants
will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

We
may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to warrant holders. As a result, the exercise price of your
Public Warrants could be increased, the Public Warrants could be converted into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided),
the exercise period could be shortened, and the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant
could be decreased, all without the approval of a warrant holder. 

The
Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms
of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of Public Warrants if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public
Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least a majority
of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase
the exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the Public Warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period, or decrease
the number of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

30 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity 

We
currently maintain customary cybersecurity tools intended to prevent or detect unauthorized access to our information technology IT networks and applications as well as to mitigate the risk of common cybersecurity threats. We continue to develop
and implement additional processes, including those intended to follow an internal IT Security Policy, which will seek to assess,
identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our IT systems and information that we create, use, transmit,
receive, and maintain in our business. We will seek to integrate these processes and policies into an overall enterprise risk
management process. We expect our processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats,
including threats associated with our use of third-party service providers, will include our efforts to identify the relevant assets
that could be affected, determine possible threat sources and threat events, assess threats based on their potential likelihood and
impact, and identify controls that are in place, or necessary, to manage and/or mitigate such risks. 

We
may not currently be sufficiently protected against cybersecurity risks. Our existing resources may be insufficient to adequately protect
us against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability from, cybersecurity incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences,
or a combination of them, could have material adverse consequences on our operations, business strategy or financial condition. 

In the
event of a cybersecurity incident affecting us, we would assess any potential unauthorized attempts to access our IT systems or similar
events that may adversely affect the availability or integrity of our IT systems or the security and confidentiality of the data we create,
use, transmit, receive, and maintain in our business. Our management team would develop an incident response plan and report to the board
of directors on our incident response plan for addressing and mitigating risks associated with such an incident. 

Primary
responsibility for assessing cybersecurity risks rests with our audit committee of the Board, who work together with our management team,
including our chief executive officer and our president and chief financial officer to manage cybersecurity risk. 

To
date, we have not experienced any cybersecurity threats or incidents that have materially affected our operations, business strategy
or financial condition. 

Item
2. Properties 

The
following table lists our principal properties, each of which are leased. We believe that our current facilities are sufficient to support
our operations and growth plans and that additional space, if needed, will be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

Location 
 
 Use 
 
 Square
 footage 

Irvine,
 CA 
 
 Corporate
 headquarters 
 
 19,436 
 
 Irvine,
 CA 
 
 Design,
 manufacturing and sales 
 
 6,149 
 
 Lowell,
 MA 
 
 Design,
 manufacturing and sales 
 
 5,085 
 
 Newburyport,
 MA 
 
 Design,
 manufacturing 
 
 2,400 

31 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

On
June 16, 2023, the law firm Rutan Tucker, LLP Rutan filed a lawsuit in Orange County Superior Court against us
to recover approximately 700,000 in legal fees allegedly owed to Rutan by Cosemi, its former client, which fees were incurred in connection
with our acquisition of Cosemi in 2021. On January 18, 2024, Rutan filed a First Amended Complaint that also names James Peterson as
a defendant, based on his former role at Cosemi. We are vigorously defending this lawsuit. We are unable to predict the final outcome
of this matter, but we do not believe that it will have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

On
July 3, 2024, plaintiff Manuchehr Neshat Neshat filed a lawsuit against us in Orange County Superior Court. Neshat s
lawsuit alleges a claim for breach of contract relating to principal and accrued interest owed to Neshat under a promissory note, and
seeks 1,344,642.96 in damages, interest, attorneys fees and costs of suit Note Action ). On July 16, 2024, Neshat
filed a Demand for Arbitration against us, in which he claimed that we breached the terms of our April 27, 2023 Separation Agreement
with him Severance Action ). On September 16, 2024, Neshat and 173122 Margin Trust Dated November 6, 2020 Neshat
Trustee filed a lawsuit against us (as well as Fabian Battaglia, Keyvan Samini, and James Peterson) in Orange County Superior
Court, alleging claims for breach of contract, breach of contract (third party beneficiary), breach of the implied covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, and breach of fiduciary duty Stock Restriction Action ). On October 11, 2024, all parties to the two
lawsuits and one arbitration filed by Neshat/Neshat Trustee (the Note Action, Severance Action, and Stock Restriction Action) settled
and fully resolved the three disputes by way of a global Settlement Agreement and Release. This settlement will not have a material impact
on our results of operations or financial position as we have recognized a liability for the principal and interest under the promissory
note on our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

On
June 25, 2024, Creditors Adjustment Bureau, Inc. CAB filed a lawsuit against us in Orange County Superior Court to recover
a purported debt of approximately 132,000, which CAB received per assignment from Electro Rent Corporation.
On September 24, 2024, default was entered against us. On November 7, 2024, we filed a Motion to Set Aside Entry of Default, which is
set for hearing on February 21, 2025. On November 15, 2024, the Court issued a minute order declining to sign CAB s request for
a default judgment. We are vigorously defending this lawsuit. We are unable to predict the final outcome of this matter, but we do not
believe that it will have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

From
time to time, we have been, and may continue to be, subject to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings
that arise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may range in complexity and result
in substantial uncertainty, damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary sanctions or other relief. However, we do not believe any such claims,
lawsuits, or proceedings currently pending, individually or in the aggregate, would be material to our business or likely to result in
a material adverse effect on our future operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

32 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
Class A Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and our public warrants (the Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols MOBX and MOBXW, respectively. 

Our
Class B Common Stock is not listed on any market or exchange. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of December 6, 2024, there were 33,681,049 shares of our Class A Common Stock outstanding held of record by 277 holders, 2,129,901
shares of our Class B Common Stock outstanding held of record by six holders and Public Warrants to purchase 6,000,000 shares of our
Class A Common Stock outstanding held of record by one holder. The number of record holders does not include The Depository Trust
Company participants or beneficial owners holding shares or Public Warrants through banks, brokers, other financial institutions or
other nominees. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon revenues and
earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition from time to time. The payment of any cash dividends will be within
the discretion of the Board. Currently we expect that we will retain any earnings for use in our business operations and, accordingly,
we do not expect that the Board will declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

The
following list sets forth information as to all of our securities sold during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 that were not
registered under the Securities Act, and were not previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Sales
of Shares under Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement 

On
June 4, 2024, we entered into a Confidential Settlement and Release Agreement pursuant to which we issued 24,992 shares of Class A Common
Stock to a former employee. 

The
Class A Shares were issued pursuant to and in accordance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public offering. 

Sales
of Shares under the Stock Purchase Agreement 

Effective
August 30, 2024, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with an unaffiliated investor, pursuant to which we sold 376,417 share of
our Class A Common Stock and issued the investor a warrant to purchase up to 407,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock. The warrant
has an exercise price of 1.18, is immediately exercisable upon issuance, and has a five year term. The gross proceeds in connection
with this Stock Purchase Agreement were 192. The shares of our Class A Common Stock, the warrants and the shares of Class A Common Stock
issuable thereunder were issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act, and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

33 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current beliefs that involve risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions, such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, and projections. Our actual
results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those described in or implied by these forward-looking statements
as a result of several factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. You should
carefully read the Risk Factors section and the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements as well as the risks
and uncertainties set forth in our other SEC filings to gain an understanding of the important factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 

All
amounts in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are in thousands,
except numbers of shares and per share amounts. 

Overview 

Based
in Irvine, California, Mobix Labs designs, develops and sells components and systems for advanced wireless and wired connectivity, radio
frequency RF ), switching and electromagnetic interference EMI filtering technologies. Our solutions are
used in the consumer commercial, industrial, automotive, medical, aerospace, defense and other markets. To enhance our product portfolio,
we also intend to pursue acquisitions of companies with existing revenue which can be scaled, and which possess technologies that accelerate
the speed, accessibility, and efficiency of disruptive or more efficient communications solutions, and which will also allow us to expand
into strategically aligned industries. Our wireless systems solutions include products for advanced RF and millimeter wave mmWave 5G communications, mmWave imaging, software defined radio and custom RF integrated circuits ICs targeting the commercial,
industrial, and defense and aerospace sectors. Our interconnect products, including EMI filter inserts and filtered and non-filtered
connectors, are designed for and are currently used in aerospace, military, defense and medical applications. Our True Xero active optical
cables AOCs are designed to meet customer needs for high-quality active optical cable solutions at an affordable price.
These innovative technologies are designed for large and rapidly growing markets where there is increasing demand for higher performance
communication and filtering systems which utilize an expanding mix of both wireless and connectivity technologies. 

On
December 21, 2023, we consummated the merger pursuant to the business combination agreement, dated November 15, 2022 (as amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Chavant, CLAY Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and newly formed, wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Chavant Merger Sub ), and Mobix Labs, Inc. Legacy
Mobix ), a Delaware corporation, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Mobix, with Legacy
Mobix surviving the merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Chavant (together with the other transactions related thereto, the
 Merger ). In connection with the consummation of the Merger (the Closing ), Chavant changed its name from Chavant
Capital Acquisition Corp. to Mobix Labs, Inc. (the Company and Legacy Mobix changed its name from
 Mobix Labs, Inc. to Mobix Labs Operations, Inc. 

Throughout
this discussion, unless otherwise noted or otherwise suggested by context, all references to we, us or our 
refer to Legacy Mobix prior to the consummation of the Merger, and to the Company and its subsidiaries after the consummation of the
Merger. 

We
were founded with the goal of simplifying the development and maximizing the performance of wireless mmWave 5G products by designing
and developing high performance, cost-effective and ultra-compact semiconductor components and solutions used for signal processing applications
in wireless products. Since our inception, our corporate strategy has evolved to encompass the pursuit of acquisitions in diverse industry
sectors, including aerospace, military, defense, medical and HiRel technology, as part of our commitment to enhancing communication services.
We have developed and/or acquired an extensive intellectual property portfolio comprised of patents and trade secrets that are critical
to commercializing our communication products and communications technologies. In leveraging our proprietary technology, we aim to scale
the growth of revenue for our products by serving large and rapidly growing markets where we believe there are increasing demands for
higher performance communication technologies, including both wireless and connectivity systems. We are actively pursuing customer engagements
with manufacturers of wireless communications, aerospace, military, defense, medical and HiRel products. 

34 

In
2021, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets including intellectual property of Cosemi, an Irvine, California-based
global supplier of high-speed connectivity solutions. The acquired products and intellectual property included a broad range of AOCs
and optical engines that deliver optimal connectivity to a wide range of applications including home entertainment, gaming, augmented
reality and virtual reality, video conferencing, medical, mobile devices and monitors and built the foundation for our current
connectivity business. We believe the patented cable technology and AOC optical chip solutions from Cosemi along with our innovative
wireless semiconductor technologies provide more opportunities in the wireless C-Band and mmWave 5G market as the need for faster, more
reliable data transmission becomes ever more apparent, whether it is for the data center, infrastructure, home entertainment or consumer
electronics market. 

Recent
Developments 

Private
Placement 

On
July 22, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional
accredited investor in connection with a private placement (the Private Placement ). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement, on July 24, 2024, we issued an unregistered pre-funded warrant (the Pre-Funded Warrant to purchase up to 2,877,698
unregistered shares of our Class A Common Stock. We also issued unregistered warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,755,396 shares of
our Class A Common Stock PIPE Common Warrants ). We received gross proceeds from the Private Placement of 4,000, before
payment of fees and expenses to the placement agent of 415. 

The
Pre-Funded Warrant has an exercise price of 0.001 per share, is immediately exercisable upon issuance and will expire when exercised
in full. In August 2024, the investor exercised the Pre-Funded Warrant in full, for net cash proceeds to us of 3. 

The
PIPE Common Warrants are comprised of Series A warrants to purchase up to 2,877,698 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Series
A Warrants and Series B warrants to purchase up to 2,877,698 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Series B Warrants ).
The PIPE Common Warrants have an exercise price of 1.39 per share and are exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder
approval of the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the PIPE Common Warrants. The Series A Warrants will
expire five years from the date of such stockholder approval and the Series B warrants will expire twelve months from the date of stockholder
approval. 

In
connection with the Private Placement, we paid the placement agent fees and expenses of 415 and issued the placement agent warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 201,439 shares of our Class A Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrants ). The Placement Agent
Warrants have an exercise price of 1.7375 per share, are exercisable upon stockholder approval and will expire five years thereafter.
Moreover, upon any exercise for cash of the PIPE Common Warrants, we are obligated to pay the placement agent cash fees aggregating 8 
of the gross exercise price and issue to the placement agent warrants to purchase a number of shares of our Common Stock equal to 7.0 
of the aggregate number of such shares of our common stock underlying the PIPE Common Warrants. 

We
also entered into a registration rights agreement and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statements to
register for resale the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the PIPE Common Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Placement
Agent Warrants, which became effective on August 28, 2024. 

Acquisition
of RaGE Systems Inc. 

On
May 21, 2024, we completed the previously announced acquisition of RaGE Systems. RaGE Systems designs, develops and manufactures wireless
systems solutions, including products for 5G communications, mmWave imaging, and software defined radio targeting the commercial, industrial,
and defense and aerospace sectors. We believe the acquisition of RaGE Systems expands our expertise in wireless communications and will allow us to deliver solutions that
address a wider variety of applications and markets. 

35 

Aggregate
consideration for the acquisition of RaGE Systems consisted of 3,214,045 shares of our Class A Common Stock Class A Common Stock ),
having a fair value of 7,682 at the closing date, and 2,000 in cash. We also entered into employment agreements with each of the RaGE
Systems stockholders. The RaGE Systems stockholders will also be entitled to receive possible earn-out payments of up to 8,000 over
eight fiscal quarters, payable in a combination of cash and shares of our Class A Common Stock, based upon the satisfaction of certain
financial metrics and continued employment with us. The RaGE Systems business combination agreement also provides the RaGE Systems stockholders
with piggy-back registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. 

Committed
Equity Facility 

On
March 18, 2024, we entered into a Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement and a related Registration Rights Agreement with
B. Riley Principal Capital II B. Riley which provides us the right, in our sole discretion, and subject to the satisfaction
of the conditions set forth therein, to sell to B. Riley up to 9,500,000 newly issued shares of our Class A Common Stock (the Purchase
Shares (subject to certain limitations) from time to time. Any sales of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
and the timing of any sales, are solely at our option, and we are under no obligation to sell any securities to B. Riley. The per share
purchase price that B. Riley will pay for shares of Class A Common Stock will be determined by reference to the volume weighted average
price of the Class A Common Stock measured over the regular trading session or intraday period of the trading session on Nasdaq on the
date of each purchase, less a three percent discount. However, the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement prohibit us from selling
shares of our Class A Common Stock in variable rate transactions, which includes sales pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, until the
one year anniversary of the date the registration statement relating to the private placement is effective. The amount and timing of
the proceeds, if any, that we may receive from future sales of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will
depend on a number of factors, including the prohibition contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement, the numbers of shares we may
elect to sell, the timing of such sales, the future market price of our Class A Common Stock and our payment of the cash commitment fee.
See the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details. During the year ended September 30, 2024, we sold 36,367
shares to B. Riley under the Purchase Agreement for gross proceeds of 73. 

The
Merger 

We
accounted for the Merger as a reverse recapitalization. Under this method of accounting, Chavant is treated as the acquired 
company for financial reporting purposes. This determination was primarily based on holders of Legacy Mobix capital stock comprising
a majority of the voting power of our common stock upon consummation of the Merger and having the ability to nominate the majority of
our board of directors, Legacy Mobix senior management comprising our senior management, and Legacy Mobix operations comprising
our ongoing operations. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, our financial statements represent a continuation of the financial statements
of Legacy Mobix with the Merger being treated as the equivalent of Legacy Mobix issuing shares for the net assets of Chavant, accompanied
by a recapitalization. We recognized the net assets of Chavant as of the Closing at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible
assets recorded. Our operations prior to the Merger are presented as those of Legacy Mobix and the accumulated deficit of Legacy Mobix
has been carried forward after Closing. All issued and outstanding securities of Chavant at the time of the Closing were treated as issuances
of securities by us upon the consummation of the Merger. 

As
a result of the Merger, we raised gross proceeds of 21,014, including the contribution of 1,264 of cash held in Chavant s trust
account and the 19,750 private investment in public equity PIPE at 10.00 per share of Chavant s Class A Common
Stock. Our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants Public Warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols MOBX 
and MOBXW, respectively, on December 22, 2023. 

36 

Acquisition
of EMI Solutions, Inc. 

On
December 18, 2023, we completed the acquisition of EMI Solutions when we acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of
EMI Solutions. EMI Solutions is a manufacturer of interconnect products, including electromagnetic interference filtering products for
aerospace, military, defense and medical applications. We believe the acquisition of EMI Solutions complements our existing product offerings,
expanded our customer base and allows us to deliver solutions that address a wider variety of applications and markets. Consideration
for the acquisition of EMI Solutions consisted of 964,912 shares of Legacy Mobix common stock and 2,200 in cash. We valued the common
stock at 8,856, based on the fair value of the Legacy Mobix common stock at the time of the acquisition. Additional details of our accounting
for our acquisition of EMI Solutions are included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, we had additional financing activity, principally consisting of the issuance of promissory notes,
convertible notes and Legacy Mobix common stock. See Liquidity and Capital Resources, below, and our consolidated financial
statements for further details. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Year Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

(dollars in thousands) 
 Year ended September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Net revenue 
 6,442 
 1,224 
 5,218 
 426 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 3,890 
 1,620 
 2,270 
 140 
 
 Gross profit 
 2,552 
 (396 
 2,948 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 5,779 
 11,044 
 (5,265 
 (48 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 41,835 
 24,104 
 17,731 
 74 
 
 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 1,333 
 
 1,333 
 nm 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (46,395 
 (35,544 
 (10,851 
 31 

Interest expense 
 1,582 
 3,355 
 (1,773 
 (53 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout liability 
 (31,879 
 
 (31,879 
 nm 
 
 Change in fair value of PIPE make-whole liability 
 (830 
 
 (830 
 nm 
 
 Change in fair value of SAFEs 
 10 
 655 
 (645 
 (98 
 
 Merger-related transaction costs expensed 
 4,009 
 
 4,009 
 nm 
 
 Private placement costs 
 2,894 
 
 2,894 
 nm 
 
 Other non-operating losses, net 
 282 
 
 282 
 nm 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (22,463 
 (39,554 
 17,091 
 (43 
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 (2,429 
 67 
 (2,496 
 nm 
 
 Net loss and comprehensive loss 
 (20,034 
 (39,621 
 19,587 
 (49 

nm 
indicates amount is not meaningful. 

Net
Revenue 

We
derive our net revenue primarily from product sales to equipment manufacturers. We recognize product revenue when we satisfy performance
obligations under the terms of our contracts and upon transfer of control when title transfers (either upon shipment to or receipt by
the customer, as determined by the contractual shipping terms of the contract), net of accruals for estimated sales returns and allowances
(which were not material for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023). Sales and other taxes we collect, if any, are excluded from
net revenue. We account for all shipping and handling as fulfillment activities and we recognize shipping revenue and any related costs
concurrently with the related product revenues. Our net revenue fluctuates based on a variety of factors, including the timing of the
receipt of orders from our customers, product mix, competition, global economic conditions, and other factors. 

37 

Our
net revenue was 6,442 for the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,224 for the year ended September 30, 2023, an increase of
 5,218 or 426 . The increase principally reflects the addition of sales of our interconnect products, which we acquired in our December
2023 acquisition of EMI Solutions, and our wireless systems solutions, which we acquired in our May 2024 acquisition of RaGE Systems. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue includes costs of materials, contract manufacturing services for the assembly, testing and shipping products, inbound freight,
amortization of acquired developed technology, inventory obsolescence charges and other product-related costs. Cost of revenue also includes
employee compensation and benefits (including stock-based compensation) of employees engaged in engineering services or the manufacture
or sourcing of products, facility costs and depreciation. 

Cost
of revenue was 3,890 for the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,620 for the year ended September 30, 2023, an increase of
 2,270 or 140 . The change principally reflects the addition of sales of our interconnect products and wireless systems solutions as
discussed above. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses represent costs of our product design and development activities, including employee compensation and benefits
(including stock-based compensation), outside services, design tools, supplies, facility costs, depreciation and amortization of acquired
developed technology. We expense all research and development costs as incurred. 

Research
and development expenses were 5,779 for the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11,044 for the year ended September 30, 2023,
a decrease of 5,265 or 48 . The decrease principally reflects lower employee compensation and benefits, lower costs for outside services
and lower stock-based compensation expense resulting from the headcount reductions and other cost reduction actions we initiated during
the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were partly offset by the addition of research and development
expenses of the businesses we acquired during fiscal year 2024. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses primarily include employee compensation and benefits (including stock-based compensation) of executive
and administrative staff including human resources, accounting, information technology, sales and marketing, outside professional and
legal fees, insurance, advertising and promotional programs, travel and entertainment, and facility costs. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 41,835 for the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 24,104 for the year ended September
30, 2023, an increase of 17,731 or 74 . The increase principally reflects higher stock-based compensation expense and increased costs
for outside services and insurance. The increase also reflects the addition of selling, general and administrative expenses of the businesses
we acquired during fiscal 2024 and a 2,985 charge for estimated amounts payable under the RaGE Earnout in connection with our acquisition
of RaGE Systems. 

The
increase in stock-based compensation expense principally related to certain awards whose vesting is contingent on both the completion
of the Merger and the satisfaction of a service condition. Prior to the Merger, we did not recognize any expense for these awards because
completion of the Merger and vesting of the awards was not probable. Upon completion of the Merger, we concluded that the vesting of
these awards was probable, and during the year ended September 30, 2024 we recognized stock-based compensation expense of 20,634 for
the portion of the service period that had elapsed from the grant date of the awards through September 30, 2024. This charge was partly
offset by a 2,242 reduction of stock-based compensation expense we recognized in connection with the modification of a portion of these
RSUs in connection with a separation of employment. We expect to recognize the remaining 26,868 cost of these awards ratably over the
period through their vesting dates, which extend to December 2027. 

38 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, as a result of declining sales of AOCs and strategic decisions on investment across our product groups, we tested the related long-lived assets for possible
impairment. Based on our test, we concluded that the carrying value of the AOCs asset group exceeded its estimated fair value, and
we recorded an impairment charge of 1,333 to write down the carrying value of the long-lived assets (consisting of developed
technology and customer relationships). We estimated the fair value of the AOC asset group using a discounted cash flow
model. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense consists of cash and non-cash interest on our related and unrelated party promissory notes, notes payable and convertible notes. 

Interest
expense was 1,582 for the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 3,355 for the year ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 1,773
or 53 . The decrease principally reflects higher costs during the year ended September 30, 2023 for the value of warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock that we issued in connection with borrowings. 

Change
in Fair Value of Earnout Liability 

In
connection with the Merger, certain Legacy Mobix stockholders and certain holders of Legacy Mobix stock options will be entitled to receive
an additional aggregate 3,500,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock based on the achievement of trading price targets following the
Closing over a seven-year earnout period. We account for the Earnout Shares as liability-classified instruments because the events that
determine the number of Earnout Shares to which the earnout recipients will be entitled include events that are not solely indexed to
our common stock, and we remeasure the earnout liability to its estimated fair value at the end of each reporting period. Additional
information relating to the earnout liability can be found in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 

We
estimated the fair value of the earnout liability as of the Closing of the Merger at 33,559. As of September 30, 2024, none of the conditions
for the issuance of any Earnout Shares had been achieved and we adjusted the carrying amount of the earnout liability to its estimated
fair value of 1,680. As a result of the decrease in the liability subsequent to the Closing we recognized a non-cash gain of 31,879
for the year ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in the estimated fair value of the earnout liability was principally due to the decrease
in price of our Class A Common Stock between the Closing and September 30, 2024. 

The
fair value of the earnout liability is based on a number of factors, including changes in the market price of our Class A Common Stock.
We have experienced significant fluctuations in the market price of our Class A Common Stock in the period subsequent to the Closing,
and may experience significant fluctuations in the future. Such price fluctuations will increase or decrease the value of the earnout
liability, and we may be required to recognize losses or gains in our statements of operations and comprehensive loss, the amounts of
which may be material. 

Change
in Fair Value of PIPE Make-Whole Liability 

In
connection with the Merger, we agreed to issue additional shares of our Class A Common Stock to the holders of 2,454,737 shares of our
Class A Common Stock in the event that the volume-weighted average price per share of our Class A Common Stock during a specified period
is less than 10.00 per share. In such a case, we would be obligated to issue up to 1,052,030 additional shares of our Class A Common
Stock. We accounted for the make-whole shares as liability-classified instruments because the events that determined the number of make-whole
shares we were ultimately obligated to issue were not solely indexed to our common stock and we remeasured the PIPE make-whole liability
to its estimated fair value at the end of each reporting period. Additional information relating to the PIPE make-whole liability can
be found in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 

We
estimated the fair value of the PIPE make-whole liability as of the Closing of the Merger at 2,071. In August 2024, we settled the PIPE
make-whole liability through the issuance of 1,052,029 shares of our Class A Common Stock having a fair value of 1,241 at the time of
settlement. As a result of the change in the fair value of the PIPE make-whole liability subsequent to the Closing, we recognized a non-cash
gain of 830 for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

39 

Change
in Fair Value of SAFEs 

We
evaluated the SAFEs and concluded that the SAFEs are classified as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. We initially recorded
the SAFEs at their fair value and remeasured the SAFEs to fair value at each subsequent reporting date. We estimated the fair value of
the SAFEs immediately prior to the Merger was 1,522. In connection with the Merger, all of the outstanding SAFEs, representing an original
purchase amount of 1,000, were converted into shares of our Class A Common Stock and the 1,522 fair value of the SAFEs was credited
to equity, with no further gain or loss recognized. 

For
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized non-cash losses of 10 and 655, respectively, resulting from increases in
the fair value of the SAFEs. As of September 30 2024, no SAFEs remain outstanding. 

Private Placement Costs 

For the year ended September 30, 2024, private placement costs of 2,894
consisted of the excess of the fair value of warrants issued in the Private Placement over the gross proceeds received, the fair value
of the Placement Agent Warrants issued and the cash fees paid to the placement agent. We did not recognize any private placement costs
during the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Other
Non-Operating Losses, Net 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, other non-operating losses, net of 282 principally consisted of commitment and other fees of 1,577 incurred under the committed
equity facility, offset by net non-cash gains of 1,415 resulting from the change in the fair value of liability-classified warrants to purchase
shares of our Class A Common Stock. We did not recognize any other non-operating losses, net during the year ended September 30,
2023. 

Provision
(Benefit) for Income Taxes 

We
account for income taxes using the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the results of operations
in the period the new laws are enacted. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying amounts of our deferred tax assets unless
it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an income tax benefit of 2,429. In connection with our acquisitions of EMI Solutions
and RaGE Systems, we recognized additional deferred tax liabilities of 2,666 associated with acquired intangible assets. Based on the
availability of these tax attributes, we determined that we expect to realize a greater portion of our existing deferred tax assets and
for the year ended September 30, 2024 we recognized income tax benefits of 2,432, principally resulting from reductions of the valuation
allowance previously recorded against our deferred tax assets. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a provision for income taxes of 67. For the year ended September 30, 2023, we did not
recognize any tax benefit related to our pretax book loss of 39,554 because we did not expect that the deferred tax asset arising from
our net operating losses would be realized in the future. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, working capital requirements, debt service obligations, capital expenditures and other
investments. 

We
have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows as a result of our ongoing investment in product development and other operating
expenses we incur. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations associated with research and
development expenses, selling, general, and administrative expenses and capital expenditures necessary to expand our operations, product
offerings, and customer base with the ultimate goals of growing our business and achieving profitability in the future. 

40 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 Year ended September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (18,388 
 (14,626 
 (3,762 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,108 
 (633 
 (475 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 19,673 
 15,170 
 4,503 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 177 
 (89 
 266 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 
 89 
 178 

Cash, end of period 
 266 
 89 

Operating
Activities 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 18,388, which included the impact of our net loss of
 20,034 and net non-cash credits of 3,206, partly offset by net decreases in working capital items of 4,852. The net non-cash
credits principally consisted of the 31,879 gain on the change in fair value of the earnout liability and a deferred income tax
benefit of 2,432, partially offset by stock-based compensation expense of 21,383 for stock options and restricted stock units,
 4,009 of Merger related transaction costs expensed, 2,894 of non-cash private placement costs, 2,015 of depreciation and
amortization expense and impairment of long-lived assets of 1,333. The net working capital decrease principally consists of an
increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, partly offset by an increase in accounts
receivable. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 14,626, which included the impact of our net loss of 39,621,
partly offset by net non-cash charges of 20,353 and net decreases in working capital items of 4,642. The net non-cash charges principally
consisted of the 15,476 of stock-based compensation expense for stock options and restricted stock units, 2,983 of expense for the
issuance of warrants in connection with borrowings, a 655 loss on the change in the fair value of the SAFEs and 1,290 of depreciation
and amortization expense. The net working capital decrease principally consists of increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities of 1,108 for the year ended September 30, 2024 consisted of payments for the acquisition EMI Solutions
and RaGE, net of acquired cash, and payments of 44 for the acquisition of property and equipment. 

Net
cash used in investing activities of 633 for the year ended September 30, 2023 consisted of payments for the acquisition of property
and equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2024 of 19,673 consisted of the 21,014 proceeds from the merger
and PIPE, 3,529 in proceeds from the issuance of common stock, the 3,585 proceeds from the sale of warrants in the Private Placement,
 1,648 in proceeds from issuance of notes payable and convertible notes (including 450 from notes payable related parties) and
proceeds of 229 from the exercise of stock options and warrants. These amounts were partially offset by the payment of merger-related
transaction costs of 6,946, principal payments of 3,212 on notes payable (including payments of 1,463 on notes payable related
parties) and the payment of deferred consideration of 174 for the acquisition of a business. 

41 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2023 of 15,170 consisted of 13,513 in proceeds from the issuance
of common stock, 3,136 in proceeds from the issuance of notes payable and convertible notes (including proceeds of 630 from notes payable related
parties) and 909 in proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants, partially offset by principal payments on notes payable of
 1,455 (including payments of 630 on notes payable related parties) and the payment of merger-related transaction costs of 933. 

Liquidity 

As
of September 30, 2024, our cash balance was 266 compared to 89 at September 30, 2023. We had a working capital deficit of 20,836 as
of September 30, 2024 compared to a working capital deficit of 19,593 at September 30, 2023. 

As
of September 30, 2024, our debt consists of notes payable with an aggregate principal amount of 598, 7 promissory notes related
parties with an aggregate principal amount of 2,495 and notes payable related parties with an aggregate principal amount of
 330. The notes payable mature at various dates through December 2024 and are unsecured. One of the notes requires weekly payments of
 4; the remainder of the notes do not require any principal payments prior to maturity. The 7 promissory notes related parties
reached their maturity date of July 2023 and are currently due. 

In
October 2024, we and the holder of one of the 7 promissory notes related parties, having a principal balance of 1,326 as of September
30, 2024, agreed to extend the payment terms. Under the agreement, we are obligated to make monthly payments of varying amounts through
September 2025. Also, in November 2024, we and the holder of one note having a principal balance of 200 agreed to convert the outstanding
principal and accrued interest into 306,819 shares of our Class A Common Stock. 

Our
total liabilities as of September 30, 2024 were 33,558 compared to 21,789 as of September 30, 2023. The increase in our total liabilities
is principally due to the 1,680 we recognized for the earnout liability, deferred purchase consideration of 2,380 for the acquisitions
of EMI Solutions and RaGE Systems, liability-classified warrants of 2,139 and a liability of 2,985 for the RaGE Earnout. The Business
Combination Agreement provides that settlement of the earnout liability is through the issuance of shares of our Class A Common Stock;
we do not expect to make any cash payments in settlement of the earnout liability. 

Other
commitments include (i) non-cancelable operating leases for equipment, office facilities and other property containing future minimum
lease payments totaling 1,788 payable over the next three years, (ii) unpaid commitment and other fees of 1,553 payable in connection
with the committed equity facility, (iii) deferred purchase consideration of 2,380 related to our acquisition of EMI Solutions and RaGE
Systems, payable at various dates through June 2025, and (iv) potential payments of up to 8,000 under the RaGE Earnout, payable at various
dates through March 2026, as described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Going
Concern 

We
incurred losses from operations of 46,395 and 35,544 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September
30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 104,457. We have historically financed our operations through the issuance and sale of equity
securities and the issuance of debt. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations for the
foreseeable future and will need to raise additional debt or equity financing to fund our continuing operations, product development
plans and capital expenditure requirements, to service our debt obligations and to make strategic investments. We believe that there
is substantial doubt concerning our ability to continue as a going concern as we currently do not have adequate liquidity to meet our
operating needs and satisfy our obligations beyond the next approximately ninety days. 

While
we will seek to raise additional capital, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all,
to provide the necessary interim funding to continue our operations and satisfy our obligations. If we raise funds by issuing equity
securities, dilution to our existing stockholders may result. Any equity securities we issue may also provide for rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, such debt securities would
have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of preferred and common stockholders. The terms of debt securities or borrowings
may impose significant restrictions on our operations. The capital markets have in the past, and may in the future, experience periods
of volatility that could impact the availability and cost of equity and debt financing. In addition, potential future increases in federal
fund rates set by the Federal Reserve, which serve as a benchmark for rates on borrowing, could adversely impact the cost or availability
of debt financing. 

42 

If
we are unable to obtain additional financing, or if such transactions are successfully completed but do not provide adequate financing,
we will not be able to continue operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of these uncertainties. Accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes we will continue as a going
concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of
business. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires that we make judgments, assumptions
and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. 

The
methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in
our financial statements. Some of our accounting policies require that we make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result
of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience,
current economic and industry conditions and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may
differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Our
most critical accounting estimates include the assumptions we use in the determination of the fair value of the earnout liability, the
fair value of the PIPE make-whole liability, the fair value of common stock, stock-based compensation, the fair value of liability-classified
warrants, the provision for income taxes, the accounting for business combinations and the measurement of definite-lived intangible assets
and goodwill. 

Fair
Value of Earnout Liability 

We
account for the Earnout Shares as liability-classified instruments because the events that determine the number of shares to which the
earnout recipients will be entitled include events that are not solely indexed to our common stock. We remeasure the earnout liability
to its estimated fair value at the end of each reporting period. 

We
estimate the fair value of the earnout liability using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes significant assumptions, including
volatility, expected term and risk-free rate that determine the probability of achieving the earnout conditions. The following table
summarizes the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the earnout liability at the respective dates: 

September 30, 2024 
 December 21, 2023 (Closing) 

Stock price 
 1.06 
 10.66 
 
 Expected volatility 
 70 
 50 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 3.6 
 3.9 
 
 Contractual term 
 7.2 years 
 8 years 

Fair
Value of PIPE Make-Whole Liability 

We
account for the make-whole shares as liability-classified instruments because the events that determine the number of make-whole shares
we will be obligated to issue are not solely indexed to our common stock and we remeasure the PIPE make-whole liability to its estimated
fair value at the end of each reporting period. 

43 

We
use a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes significant assumptions, including volatility, expected term and risk-free rate, to
estimate the fair value of the PIPE make-whole liability. The following table summarizes the assumptions used in estimating the fair
value of the PIPE make-whole liability as of the Closing of the Merger. We valued the shares of our Class A Common Stock that we issued
in settlement of the liability based on the quoted market price at the date of issuance. 

December 21, 2023 (Closing) 

Stock price 
 10.17 
 
 Expected volatility 
 49 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 5.4 
 
 Contractual term 
 4 months 

Fair
Value of Common Stock 

The
fair value of our common stock affects the accounting for, and measurement of, a number of transactions, including awards of stock-based
compensation, sales of our common and preferred stock or warrants to purchase our common stock and business combinations. For periods
subsequent to the Merger, we determine the fair value of our common stock based on quoted market prices. For periods prior to the Merger,
there was no public market for our common stock and we determined the fair value of our common stock considering a number of objective
and subjective factors, including: third-party valuations of our common stock, the valuation of comparable companies, sales of our common
stock to outside investors in arms-length transactions, our forecasted financial performance, operational developments and milestones,
the lack of marketability of our common stock, the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, and the general and industry specific economic
outlook, among other factors. We determined the fair value of our common stock in accordance with applicable elements of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants guide, Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . 

The
assumptions underlying our valuations represented our best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment.
As a result, if factors or expected outcomes had changed, or if we had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, our stock-based
compensation expense and equity-based valuations or the value of the business we acquired could have been materially different. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Our
stock-based compensation awards include stock options and restricted stock units. In some cases, other equity transactions, such as the
sale of warrants to purchase our common stock are accounted for as equity-classified awards granted to employees. In each case, we must
determine the fair value of the equity-based awards. 

We
estimate the fair value of stock options and warrants to purchase our common stock using the Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option pricing model considers several variables and assumptions in estimating the fair value
of stock-based awards. These variables include: 

the
 per share fair value of the underlying common stock; 
 
 the
 exercise price; 
 
 the
 risk-free interest rate; 
 
 the
 expected term; 
 
 expected
 stock price volatility over the expected term; and 
 
 the
 expected annual dividend yield. 

We
recognize the fair value of each stock option award as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period,
which is typically four years. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur and initially record stock-based compensation
expense assuming all option holders will complete the requisite service period. If an employee forfeits an award because they fail to
complete the requisite service period, we will reverse previously recognized stock-based compensation expense in the period the award
is forfeited. 

44 

Our
restricted stock units entitle the holder to receive a number of shares of our common stock. The majority of our restricted stock units
are subject to both service-based vesting conditions and performance conditions. We establish the fair value of each restricted stock
unit based on the grant-date fair value of the underlying shares of our common stock. Our accounting for restricted stock units also
requires that we evaluate the probability of achievement of applicable performance conditions. When we conclude that the achievement
of a performance condition is not probable, we do not recognize any compensation cost for the restricted stock unit. We continually reevaluate
the probability of achievement of performance conditions. If we subsequently determine the achievement of a performance condition is
probable, we will be required to record a catch-up of previously unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, subject
to any applicable time-based vesting. 

We
have also issued warrants to purchase common stock to employees and service providers in exchange for services to us and we determined
that those warrants should be accounted for as equity-classified awards. We determined the fair value of these warrants at the date of
issuance using the Black- Scholes option pricing model, based on the variables and assumptions discussed above, and recognized the fair
value as stock-based compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

We
classify stock-based compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the same manner in which
the award recipient s salary and related costs are classified or in which the award recipient s service payments are classified.
In future periods, we expect stock-based compensation expense to increase, due in part to our existing unrecognized stock-based compensation
expense and as we grant additional stock-based awards to continue to attract and retain employees. 

Fair
Value of Liability-Classified Warrants 

In
connection with the Merger, the July 2024 Private Placement and other financing transactions, we have issued certain warrants that do
not meet the criteria for classification as equity. Consequently, we must account for these warrants as liabilities. At the time of issuance,
we measure the fair value of such warrants and recognize a liability on the consolidated balance sheet. We remeasure the warrant liabilities
to their estimated fair value as of the end of each reporting period. 

We
estimate the fair value of the warrant liabilities using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model (as described above under Stock-Based
Compensation ). Consequently, our accounting for liability-classified warrants requires that we make estimates and judgments about
the variables and estimates used in that model. We recognize the change in the fair value of the Private Warrants in Change in
fair value of private warrants and the change in the fair value of other liability-classified warrants in Other non-operating
losses, net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

We
account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases. We recognize the effect of a change in tax laws on deferred tax assets and liabilities in our results of
operations in the period the new laws are enacted. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets
unless it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized. 

We
recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process regarding recognition and measurement. We recognize a tax
benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the local taxing authorities based on
the technical merits of the position. We measure the amount of tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions
based on the largest benefit greater than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. Changes
in recognition or measurement of an uncertain tax position are reflected in our statements of operations in the period in which the change
in estimate occurs, based on new information not previously available. 

45 

Business
Combinations 

We
allocate the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their
estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 

Accounting
for business combinations requires that we make significant estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we use to be reasonable and appropriate,
they are inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in valuing certain acquired assets may include, but are not limited to, expected future
cash flows including revenue growth rate assumptions from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, the expected costs
to develop acquired technology into commercially viable products and the estimated cash flows from the projects when completed, including
assumptions associated with the technology migration curve and expected selling, general and administrative costs. We derive the discount
rates used to discount expected future cash flows to present value using a weighted-average cost of capital analysis adjusted to reflect
inherent risks. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that could affect either the accuracy or validity of these assumptions,
estimates or actual results. 

Intangible
Assets and Goodwill 

We
have definite-lived acquisition-related intangible assets consisting of developed technology, customer relationships, tradenames and
backlog. We record amortization expense associated with each definite-lived acquisition-related intangible asset based on its estimated
useful life. We also review our acquisition-related intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This includes our regular review of our operating performance for indicators
of impairment. Factors considered important that could trigger an impairment review include a significant underperformance relative to
expected historical or projected future operating results, or a significant change in the manner of the use of the acquisition-related
intangible assets. 

We
perform impairment testing at the asset group level that represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent
of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of the acquisition-related intangible asset is determined by comparing
the forecasted undiscounted cash flows attributable to such acquisition-related intangible asset, including any cash flows upon their
eventual disposition, to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the acquisition-related intangible asset exceeds the forecasted
undiscounted cash flows, then the acquisition-related intangible asset is written down to its fair value. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recorded impairment charges of 1,333 and 0, respectively, to write down the value of
acquisition-related intangible assets to their estimated fair values. However, future cash flows may vary from what was expected, or
assumptions and estimates we use in the fair value calculations may change. Any such changes in assumptions or estimates could change
the estimates of future cash flows we use to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in the estimated fair value of related
assets. Such a decline in our estimates of the fair values of assets may result in future impairment charges. 

We
also have goodwill totaling 16,066 as of September 30, 2024, which represents the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration
of an acquired business over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but we test goodwill
for impairment at a reporting unit level on an annual basis on July 31, or more frequently if circumstances change or an event occurs
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. 

We
assess all relevant qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less
than its carrying amount. If the assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater
than its carrying amount, a quantitative goodwill impairment test is not necessary. If the assessment of all relevant qualitative factors
indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we would perform
a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The quantitative impairment test for goodwill consists of a comparison of the fair value of
a reporting unit with its carrying value, including the goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. If the carrying value of a reporting
unit exceeds its fair value, we will recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount of the excess, limited to the amount of goodwill
allocated to that reporting unit. 

46 

We
performed our annual goodwill impairment test and determined it was not more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit
was less than its carrying amount. We did not record any goodwill impairment losses for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Our
impairment tests require the use of judgment, including the identification of, and assignment of assets and liabilities to, asset groups
and/or reporting units and the determination of fair values of asset groups or reporting units. We also must make significant assumptions
and estimates, including the amount and timing of future cash flows, discount rates, asset fair values and the expected useful lives
of the acquisition-related intangible assets. To make these judgments and estimates, we may use internal undiscounted cash flow estimates,
quoted market prices (if available) or other available data. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we will
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. 

Smaller
Reporting Company 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or (ii) our annual revenue exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. If we continue to be a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an
emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from these certain reduced disclosure requirements that are available
to smaller reporting companies. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
called for under this item. 

47 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Mobix
Labs, Inc. 

 Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: 
 49 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 50 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 52 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 53 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

48 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Mobix Labs, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mobix Labs, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of
September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of redeemable
convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and
2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations that raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

December
23, 2024 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

49 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2024 
 2023 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred transaction costs 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred purchase consideration 

Notes payable, current 

Notes payable related parties, current 

Notes payable, current 

Simple agreements for future equity SAFEs 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable, noncurrent 

Notes payable related parties, noncurrent 

Notes payable, noncurrent 

Earnout liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 - 
 - 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock 

Founders Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023; liquidation preference of at September 30, 2023 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Legacy Mobix common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Class A Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Class B Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Common stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

50 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2024 
 2023 

Year ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Net revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of earnout liability 

Change in fair value of PIPE make-whole liability 

Change in fair value of SAFEs 

Merger-related transaction costs expensed 

Private placement costs 

Other non-operating losses, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Deemed dividend from warrant price adjustment 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Net loss per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

51 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE 

 CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares Amount 
 Shares Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Founders 
 Redeemable Convertible 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series
 A Redeemable Convertible 
 Preferred Stock 
 Contingently 
 Redeemable Common Stock 
 Legacy 
 Common Stock 
 Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares Amount 
 Shares Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

Issuance of common stock in settlement of loss contingency 

Issuance of common stock to service providers 

Conversion of notes to common stock 

Conversion of SAFEs to common stock 

Issuance of warrants to service providers 

Issuance of warrants in connection with notes payable 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Balance 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of contingently redeemable common stock for acquisition of EMI
 Solutions, Inc. 

Lapse of redemption feature on common stock 

Reverse recapitalization transactions, net (Note 3) 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition of RaGE Systems, Inc. 

Issuance of warrants in connection with notes payable 

Issuance of placement agent warrants 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs 

Issuance of PIPE make-whole shares 

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock 

Deemed dividend from warrant price adjustment 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

52 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands) 

2024 
 2023 

Year ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Issuance of warrants in connection with notes payable, charged to interest expense 

Change in fair value of earnout liability 

Change in fair value of PIPE make-whole liability 

Change in fair value of SAFEs 

Merger-related transaction costs expensed 

Private placement costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred income taxes 

Other non-cash items 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions of businesses: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable related parties 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

Deferred consideration paid for acquisition of business 

Principal payments on notes payable 

Principal payments on notes payable related parties 

Proceeds from the Merger and PIPE 

Merger-related transaction costs paid 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Unpaid Merger-related transaction costs 

Contingently redeemable convertible stock issued for acquisition of EMI Solutions, Inc. 

Class A common stock issued for acquisition of RaGE Systems, Inc. 

Unpaid purchase consideration for acquisitions of businesses 

Conversion of notes to common stock 

Conversion of SAFEs to common stock 

Deemed dividend from warrant price adjustment 

Issuance of warrants in connection with notes payable, recorded as debt discount 

Issuance of common stock to service providers 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

53 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

, including the contribution of of cash held
in Chavant s trust account and the private investment in public equity PIPE at per share of Chavant s
Class A Common Stock. The common stock and public warrants of the combined company began trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under
the symbols MOBX and MOBXW, respectively, on December 22, 2023. 

Throughout
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted or otherwise suggested by context, the Company 
refers to Legacy Mobix prior to the consummation of the Merger, and to the Company after the consummation of the Merger. 

Going
Concern 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Since inception, the Company
has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations, as a result of its ongoing investment in product development and
other operating expenses. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred losses from operations of and
 , respectively, and as of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of . The Company has historically
financed its operations through the issuance and sale of equity securities and the issuance of debt. The Company expects to continue
to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future and will need to raise additional debt or
equity financing to fund its operations and satisfy its obligations. Management believes that there is substantial doubt concerning the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern as the Company currently does not have adequate liquidity to meet its operating
needs and satisfy its obligations beyond the next approximately ninety days. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

While
the Company will seek to raise additional capital, there can be no assurance the necessary financing will be available on terms acceptable
to the Company, or at all. If the Company raises funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to existing stockholders may result. Any
equity securities issued may also provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of common stock. If the Company
raises funds by issuing debt securities, such debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of preferred
and common stockholders. The terms of debt securities or borrowings may impose significant restrictions on the Company s operations.
The capital markets have in the past, and may in the future, experience periods of volatility that could impact the availability and
cost of equity and debt financing. In addition, potential future increases in federal fund rates set by the Federal Reserve, which serve
as a benchmark for rates on borrowing, could adversely impact the cost or availability of debt financing. 

If
the Company is unable to obtain additional financing, or if such transactions are successfully completed but do not provide adequate
financing, the Company may be required to reduce its operating expenditures, which could adversely affect its business prospects, or
the Company may be unable to continue operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes
the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and
commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

impairment
 assessments of goodwill and long-lived assets; 
 
 measurement
 of liabilities carried at fair value, including the earnout liability, the PIPE make-whole
 liability and liability-classified warrants; 
 
 purchase
 price allocations and valuations of net assets acquired in business combinations; and, 
 
 provisions
 for income taxes and related valuation allowances and tax uncertainties. 

. The Company amortizes intangible assets over their useful lives on a straight-line basis, which the
Company believes approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected to be utilized. To the
extent that an acquired developed technology is incorporated in, or used to produce, a product the Company currently produces and sells,
the related amortization expense is included in cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.
Amortization expense on other acquisition-related intangible assets is included in operating expenses. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

and 0 , respectively, for the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. See Note 7, Intangible Assets, net . 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Accounting
for business combinations requires that management make significant estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Although management believes the assumptions and estimates to be reasonable and appropriate,
they are inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in valuing certain acquired assets may include, but are not limited to, expected future
cash flows including revenue growth rate assumptions from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, expected costs
to develop acquired technology into commercially viable products, estimated cash flows from the projects when completed, including assumptions
associated with the technology migration curve and expected selling, general and administrative costs. The discount rates used to discount
expected future cash flows to present value are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and are adjusted to
reflect inherent risks. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that could affect either the accuracy or validity of such assumptions,
estimates or actual results. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The
expected term represents the period over which the stock-based award is expected to remain outstanding and is estimated based on historical
experience of similar awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. The risk-free interest rate is based on
the yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues similar in duration to the expected term of the stock-based award. Because there
is a limited trading history for the Class A Common Stock, the Company estimates expected stock price volatility based on the historical
volatility of the stock prices of similar publicly traded peer companies. The Company estimates the expected annual dividend yield will
be zero because the Company does not currently expect to declare dividends on its common stock. 

Stock-based
compensation awards also include restricted stock units RSUs ). RSUs entitle the holder to receive a number of shares of
the Company s Class A common stock, generally subject to service-based vesting conditions and, in some cases, other conditions.
The Company establishes the fair value of each RSU based on the grant date fair value of the underlying shares of its Class A common
stock. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for RSUs over the requisite service period, as applicable, or upon determination
that the satisfaction of performance-based criteria is probable. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

issued and outstanding shares of common stock were cancelled
 and converted into the same number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock; 
 
 All
 of Legacy Mobix s Founders Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series A Redeemable
 Convertible Preferred Stock, totaling shares, was converted into the same number
 of shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock; 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

All
 of Legacy Mobix s convertible notes were converted into shares of Legacy Mobix common
 stock immediately prior to Closing and pursuant to their terms, totaling shares, which
 were then cancelled and converted into the same number of shares of the Company s Class
 A Common Stock; 
 
 All
 of Legacy Mobix s SAFEs were converted into shares of the Company s Class
 A Common Stock; 
 
 All
 of Legacy Mobix s stock options and warrants were assumed by the Company and converted
 into the same number of stock options or warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
 Class A Common Stock, with no change to their exercise prices, vesting conditions or other
 terms; and 
 
 All
 of Legacy Mobix s RSUs were assumed by the Company and converted into RSUs covering
 the same number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 

The
other related events that occurred in connection with the Closing include the following: 

The
 Company entered into the PIPE Subscription Agreements, as described below; 
 
 The
 Company entered into the Sponsor PIPE Subscription Agreement, Sponsor Warrant and Sponsor
 Letter Agreement, as described below; 
 
 The
 Company entered into a non-redemption agreement with a stockholder, as described below; 
 
 The
 Company entered into an amendment to its Business Combination Marketing Agreement, as described
 below; 
 
 The
 Company assumed the public warrants Public Warrants and 
 private placement warrants Private Warrants originally issued by Chavant
 in 2021 in connection with its initial public offering, as described in Note 17 , Warrants ; 
 
 The
 Company adopted the 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan,
 as described in Note 18, Equity Incentive Plans ; 
 
 The
 Company adopted an amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated
 bylaws; and 
 
 The
 Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers. 

PIPE
Subscription Agreements 

In
connection with the Merger, Chavant entered into the PIPE Subscription Agreements with certain accredited investors and pursuant to which
the investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock of Chavant at a price of per share for
an aggregate amount of in cash. Subsequent to the Closing, the number of shares purchased by the PIPE investors was adjusted
through the issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock. See Make-Whole Shares , below. 

The
PIPE investors also received warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, of
which warrants to purchase shares are immediately exercisable and warrants to purchase shares are exercisable upon
obtaining stockholder approval, which the Company expects to obtain in 2025. 

Sponsor
PIPE Subscription Agreements, Sponsor Warrant and Sponsor Letter Agreement 

On
December 19, 2023, Chavant entered into the Sponsor PIPE Subscription Agreement with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed
to purchase, in a private placement that closed substantially concurrently with the Closing, shares of Class A Common Stock at
a price of per share. The aggregate purchase price of was paid through the forgiveness of certain obligations of Chavant.
Subsequent to the Closing, the number of shares purchased by the Sponsor was adjusted through the issuance of additional shares of Class
A Common Stock. See Make-Whole Shares , below. 

In
connection with the execution of the Sponsor PIPE Subscription Agreement, Legacy Mobix issued to the Sponsor a warrant to purchase 
shares of Legacy Mobix common stock at an exercise price of per share, exercisable upon the closing of the Sponsor PIPE Subscription
Agreement (the Sponsor Warrant ). The Sponsor Warrant was exercised at the closing of the Sponsor PIPE Subscription Agreement
and, following net settlement into shares of Legacy Mobix common stock, converted into shares of Class A Common Stock
of the Company in connection with the Closing. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

On
December 20, 2023, Chavant also entered into a Sponsor Letter Agreement with the Sponsor pursuant to which, as consideration for the
 shares issued pursuant to the Sponsor PIPE Subscription Agreement described above, the Sponsor agreed to forgive approximately
 of aggregate outstanding obligations of Chavant. In addition, the Sponsor agreed to forfeit Founder Shares and 
Private Warrants that it held, in each case upon the Closing. 

Non-Redemption
Agreement 

On
December 20, 2023, Chavant and Mobix Labs entered into a non-redemption agreement with a stockholder of Chavant, pursuant to which the
stockholder agreed to withdraw its redemption of ordinary shares of Chavant Ordinary Shares prior to the Merger.
In consideration therefor, Mobix Labs issued the stockholder a warrant to purchase shares of Legacy Mobix common stock at an
exercise price of per share, exercisable upon the Closing. The warrant was exercised at the Closing and, following net settlement
into shares of Legacy Mobix common stock, converted into shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Closing. 

Amendment
to Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

On
December 21, 2023, Chavant entered into an amendment to the Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2021 between
Chavant and certain advisors wherein the parties agreed to resolve their differences with respect to marketing fees contemplated by the
agreement and the advisors agreed to receive, in lieu of any cash payment of fees or reimbursement of expenses, an aggregate of 
shares of Class A Common Stock. Subsequent to the Closing, the number of shares the advisors received was adjusted through the issuance
of additional shares of Class A Common Stock. See Make-Whole Shares , below. 

Earnout
Shares 

In
addition to the consideration paid at Closing, certain Legacy Mobix stockholders and certain holders of Legacy Mobix stock options (the
 Earnout Recipients will be entitled to receive an additional aggregate shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
as earnout shares (the Earnout Shares based on the achievement of trading price targets following the Closing and subject
to the terms provided in the Business Combination Agreement. The Earnout Shares have a seven-year Earnout Period, commencing
on the date that is the one year anniversary of the Closing, pursuant to which up to shares of Class A Common Stock will be
distributed to the Earnout Recipients if the volume-weighted average price VWAP of the Class A Common Stock exceeds 
for any twenty trading days within a period of thirty consecutive trading days during the Earnout Period and an additional 
shares of Class A Common Stock will be distributed to the Earnout Recipients if the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock exceeds for
any twenty trading days within a period of thirty consecutive trading days during the Earnout Period. 

The
Earnout Shares are accounted for as liability-classified instruments because the events that determine the number of Earnout Shares to
which the Earnout Recipients will be entitled include events that are not solely indexed to the Company s common stock. At the
time of Closing, the Company estimated the aggregate fair value of its liability for the Earnout Shares using a Monte Carlo simulation
model and recorded a liability of . As of September 30, 2024, none of the conditions for the issuance of any Earnout Shares had
been achieved and the Company adjusted the carrying amount of the liability to its estimated fair value of . As a result of the
decrease in the fair value of the liability, which is primarily the result of a decrease in the Company s stock price between the
Closing and September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a non-cash gain of for the year ended September 30, 2024, which is included
in Change in fair value of earnout liability in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Make-Whole
Shares 

Pursuant
to the PIPE Subscription Agreements, the Sponsor PIPE Subscription Agreement and the Amendment to Business Combination Marketing Agreement
described above, Chavant agreed to issue additional shares of its Class A Common Stock (the Make-Whole Shares to the PIPE
Investors, the Sponsor and certain advisors with respect to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock in the event
that the VWAP per share of the Class A Common Stock during a specified period (the Adjustment Period VWAP is less than
 per share. In such case, the PIPE Investors were entitled to receive a number of Make-Whole Shares equal to the number of shares
of Class A Common Stock issued to the PIPE Investor multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is minus the Adjustment Period
VWAP and the denominator of which is the Adjustment Period VWAP. In the event that the Adjustment Period VWAP is less than , the
Adjustment Period VWAP was deemed to be . The adjustment period ended on August 30, 2024. The Company issued shares of
its Class A Common Stock to the PIPE Investors, the Sponsor and certain advisors in settlement of the liability for the Make-Whole Shares. 

The
Make-Whole Shares were accounted for as liability-classified instruments because the events that determine the number of Make-Whole Shares
issuable include events that are not solely indexed to the Company s common stock. At the time of Closing, the Company estimated
the aggregate fair value of its liability for the Make-Whole Shares using a Monte Carlo simulation model and recorded a liability of
 . The fair value of the shares of Class A Common Stock issued in settlement of the liability for the Make-Whole Shares
was . As a result of the decrease in the fair value of the liability, the Company recorded a non-cash gain of for the year
ended September 30, 2024, which is included in Change in fair value of PIPE make-whole liability in the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

See
Note 12, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information on the Company s measurements with respect to the financial
instruments issued in connection with the foregoing agreements. 

Legacy
Mobix incurred of transaction costs in connection with the Merger, which was determined to be a capital-raising transaction for
Legacy Mobix. At the time of the Closing, the Company allocated this amount between the equity-classified instruments and liability-classified
instruments, based on their relative fair values, and recorded the of costs associated with equity-classified instruments as a
reduction of additional paid-in capital and charged the remaining of costs associated with liability-classified instruments to
expense. The Company also recognized a liability for unpaid transaction costs of Chavant totaling , which the Company recorded
as a reduction of the proceeds of the Merger at the time of the Closing. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Chavant founder shares, net of shares forfeited 

PIPE investors shares 

Settlement of PIPE warrant 

Sponsor PIPE subscription 

Settlement of Sponsor Warrant 

Settlement of warrant to non-redeeming shareholder 

Amendment to Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

Total Chavant shares outstanding immediately prior to the Merger 

Legacy Mobix rollover shares 

Conversion of Legacy Mobix convertible notes 

Conversion of Legacy Mobix SAFEs 

Total number of Class A common shares issued in the Merger 

Closing proceeds: 

Proceeds from Chavant trust fund 

Proceeds from PIPE investment 

Closing disbursements: 

Legacy Mobix Merger-related transaction costs 

Chavant Merger-related transaction costs 

Net cash proceeds from the Merger at Closing 

Legacy Mobix Merger-related transaction costs paid prior to closing 

Net cash proceeds 

Non-cash activity: 

Conversion of Legacy Mobix convertible notes to Class A Common Stock 

Conversion of Legacy Mobix SAFEs to Class A Common Stock 

Conversion of Legacy Mobix redeemable convertible preferred stock to Class B Common Stock 

Unpaid Merger-related transaction costs assumed from Chavant 

Unpaid Merger-related transaction costs of Legacy Mobix 

Merger-related transaction costs expensed 

Liability-classified instruments at closing: 

Fair value of earnout liability 

Fair value of PIPE make-whole liability 

Fair value of Private Warrants 

Net equity impact of the Merger 

Subsequent
to the Closing, the Company paid of the Merger-related transaction costs and negotiated a reduction of the unpaid transaction
costs. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

, consisting of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock having a fair
value of and in cash, of which was payable on the closing date; payable on November 15, 2024 and payable
on April 15, 2025. The Company also entered into employment agreements with each of the RaGE stockholders. The RaGE Business Combination
Agreement also provides the RaGE stockholders with piggy-back registration rights, subject to certain requirements and
customary conditions. 

Cash consideration (at present value) 

Total Purchase Consideration 

Allocation: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Intangible asset customer relationships 

Intangible asset developed technology 

Intangible asset trade name 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Deferred tax liability 

The
Company estimated the useful lives of the customer relationships, developed technology and trade name intangible assets are twelve years,
seven years, and two and one-half years, respectively. The goodwill is primarily attributed to expected synergies for the combined operations
and is not deductible for income tax purposes. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Pursuant
to the RaGE Business Combination Agreement, the RaGE stockholders are entitled to receive possible earnout payments of up to (the
 RaGE Earnout ), payable one-half in cash and one-half in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, based upon
both (i) the attainment of certain financial targets measured over calendar years 2024 and 2025 and (ii) continued employment with the
Company. Because the RaGE Earnout is linked to continued employment with the Company in the post-acquisition period, the Company determined
that the related cost must be recognized as an operating expense in the post-acquisition period, and no portion was accounted for as
part of the purchase consideration. As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimated the amount of the payments it expects to make under
the RaGE Earnout, based upon its expectation of the level of achievement of the financial targets over the measurement period, and for
the year ended September 30, 2024 the Company recognized expense of , which is included in selling, general and administrative
expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The
operating results of RaGE Systems are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements for periods subsequent to the
acquisition date. The amounts of net revenue and net income of RaGE Systems included in the Company s consolidated statement of
operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively. 

EMI
Solutions, Inc. 

On
December 18, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of EMI Solutions when the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding
common shares of EMI Solutions, which is accounted for as a business combination. EMI Solutions is a manufacturer of electromagnetic
interference filtering products for military and aerospace applications. The Company believes the acquisition of EMI Solutions will complement
its existing product offerings, expand its customer base and allow it to deliver solutions that address a wider variety of applications
and markets. 

Consideration
for the acquisition consisted of shares of the Company s common stock with an estimated fair value of and 
in cash. Of the cash portion of the consideration, the Company paid at the time of the consummation of the acquisition and subsequently
paid an additional during the year ended September 30, 2024. The remaining cash portion of the consideration is payable in
quarterly installments of through June 2025. 

The
merger agreement with EMI Solutions provided that in the event that Legacy Mobix did not complete an initial public offering (including
the Merger) within twenty-four months following the completion of the acquisition of EMI Solutions, the sellers could require the Company
to pay all unpaid cash consideration and provided the sellers a put right wherein the sellers could require that the Company
repurchase the shares of common stock for a cash amount equal to per share. The Company evaluated the terms of the related
agreement and concluded that the shares of common stock issued as consideration were contingently redeemable common stock, and required
recognition as temporary equity, because the events that determine whether the Company will be required to repurchase the shares
of its common stock for cash are not within the Company s control. At the time of completion of the acquisition, the Company estimated
the fair value of the contingently redeemable common stock at , based upon the fair value of the Legacy Mobix common stock, adjusted
to include the fair value of the put right. The Company estimated the fair value of the put right using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of ; no expected dividend yield; risk-free interest rate of ; and
a contractual term of two years. The Company included this amount as part of the value of the purchase consideration. After the Closing
of the Merger with Chavant on December 21, 2023, the common stock was no longer contingently redeemable, and the Company reclassified
the value of the contingently redeemable common stock to permanent equity at its carrying value of , with no gain or loss recognized. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The
following table summarizes the amount of the aggregate purchase consideration and the allocation to the tangible and identifiable
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values: 

Cash consideration (at present value) 

Allocation: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Intangible asset customer relationships 

Intangible asset backlog 

Intangible asset trade name 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred tax liability 

The
Company estimated the useful lives of the customer relationships, trade names and backlog intangible assets are fifteen years, two years
and one year, respectively. The goodwill is primarily attributed to expected synergies for the combined operations and is not deductible
for income tax purposes. 

The
operating results of EMI Solutions are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements for periods subsequent to the
acquisition date. The amounts of net revenue and net loss of EMI Solutions included in the Company s consolidated statement of
operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended September 30, 2024 were and ) , respectively. 

Pro
forma information 

Net loss 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

- 

Laboratory equipment 

Leasehold improvements 
 Shorter of estimated useful life or remaining lease term 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company wrote off certain tooling having a carrying value of which management determined
it would not use in production. The charge is included in Research and development in the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. 

Customer relationships 

Trade names 

Backlog 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

The
Company recorded amortization expense related to intangible assets of and during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The weighted-average remaining lives of intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 were developed technology years;
customer relationships years; trade names years; and backlog . 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, as a result of declining sales of AOCs and strategic decisions on investment across the Company s
product groups, the Company tested the related long-lived assets for possible impairment. Based on this test, the Company concluded that
the carrying value of the AOCs asset group exceeded its estimated fair value, and the Company recorded an impairment charge of 
to write down the carrying value of the long-lived assets (consisting of developed technology and customer relationships). The Company
estimated the fair value of the AOCs asset group using a discounted cash flow model. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

Balance 

Acquisition of EMI Solutions 

Acquisition of RaGE Systems 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Balance 

The
Company performed its annual goodwill assessment as of July 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company assessed all relevant qualitative factors
to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. Based on
this assessment, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than its
carrying amount, and that a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not necessary. The Company recorded impairment charges on goodwill
for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued interest 

Deferred revenue 

Committed equity facility fees 

Unpaid Merger-related transaction costs 

RaGE Earnout 

Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Deemed dividend from warrant price adjustment 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock 

Diluted net loss per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock: 

Numerator: 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Change in fair value of PIPE make-whole liability 

Change in fair value of liability-classified warrants 

Reallocation of net loss as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A Common Stock 

Reallocation of net loss 

Allocation of net loss 

Denominator: 

Number of shares used in basic earnings per share calculation 

Shares issuable in satisfaction of PIPE make-whole liability 

Shares issuable under liability-classified warrants 

Conversion of Class B to Class A Common Stock 

Number of shares used in per share computation 

Diluted net loss per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock 

For
the purposes of applying the if converted method or treasury stock method for calculating diluted earnings per share, the Public Warrants,
Private Warrants, PIPE Common Warrants, Placement Agent Warrants, RSUs and stock options result in anti-dilution. Therefore, these securities
are not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share. The Earnout Shares and shares issuable under the Rage Earnout were
not included for purposes of calculating the number of diluted shares outstanding because the number of dilutive shares is, in each case,
based on a contingency which had not been met, and the contingency was not resolved, during the periods presented herein. The potential
shares of Class A Common Stock that were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for the periods presented because
including them would have an antidilutive effect were as follows: 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

PIPE Common Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants 

Earnout Shares 

Shares issuable under Rage Earnout 

RSUs 

Stock options 

Convertible preferred stock (on an as-converted basis) 

Common stock warrants 

Antidilutive Shares 

7 promissory notes related parties 

Notes payable related parties 

SAFEs 

Total debt 

Less: Amounts classified as current 

Noncurrent portion 

Notes
Payable 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into six promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of with
unrelated investors to meet its working capital needs. Net proceeds from the issuance of the notes were . Five of the notes bear
interest at rates ranging from to per annum; the remaining note was issued at a discount and bears no interest. The notes mature
at various dates through December 2024 and are unsecured. One note required weekly payments of . 

During
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 the Company made principal payments of and , respectively, on notes payable. In
November 2024, the Company and the holder of one note having a principal balance of agreed to convert the outstanding principal
and accrued interest into shares of Class A Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, this note is included in Notes payable,
noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2024, three promissory notes payable having a remaining principal
balance of were outstanding and are included in Notes payable, current at a carrying amount of (net of unamortized
discount of in the consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company repaid one note having a principal
balance of and two notes remain outstanding. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company entered into eight promissory notes payable having an aggregate principal amount of 
with unrelated investors. Four notes bear interest at rates ranging from to per annum, while the remaining notes bear no interest.
 , are unsecured and did not require any principal payments prior to
maturity. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Exercise prices per share 

Contractual terms 

Debt proceeds allocated to warrants 

The
Company evaluated the warrants and determined that they met all the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815. The Company
accounted for each of the warrants as detachable warrants at their fair value, using the relative fair value method. The portion of the
proceeds allocated to the warrants was recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital and as a discount to notes payable on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company is amortizing the discount over the term of the related notes using the effective interest method.
The Company valued the warrants at the time of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

years 

months 

Two
notes issued in September 2023, having an aggregate principal amount of , also provided that in the event the Company fails to pay
the principal amount on the respective maturity dates, the Company must issue the purchasers as additional consideration warrants to
purchase additional shares of its common stock for each seven-day period thereafter until such time as the principal is repaid in full.
Because the Company repaid the principal of both notes in full after their respective maturity dates, the Company was required to issue
the purchasers additional warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock. The Company evaluated the additional
warrants and determined that they met all the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815. The aggregate fair value of the additional
warrants of is included in interest expense in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended September
30, 2023. The Company valued each of the warrants at the time of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
ranges of assumptions: expected volatility of to ; expected dividend yield; risk-free interest rate of to ; and
a contractual term of six to . 

One
note issued in September 2023, having a principal amount of ,
provided that in the event the Company failed to pay the principal amount by its maturity date, the Company must issue the purchaser as additional consideration a warrant to purchase 
shares of its common stock for the first calendar month, and warrants to purchase an additional 
shares of common stock for each successive calendar month during which the note remained unpaid. The Company repaid this note in
January 2024 and during the year ended September 30, 2024 the Company issued the purchaser warrants to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of its Class A Common Stock. 

7 
Promissory Notes Related Parties 

The
Company has two outstanding promissory notes with related parties which the Company assumed in 2020 as part of an asset acquisition.
The promissory notes bear interest at per annum, are unsecured and do not require principal payments prior to the maturity date. During the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made principal payments of and on these notes and as of September 30, 2024 an
aggregate principal amount of remains outstanding. 

In
October 2024, the Company and the holder of one promissory note, having a principal balance of as of September 30, 2024, agreed
to extend the payment terms. Under the agreement, the Company is obligated repay the note in monthly payments of varying amounts through
September 2025. As a result of this agreement, the Company reclassified of the principal balance to Notes payable 
related parties, noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. The portion of the promissory notes due within one year is included
in Notes payable related parties, current in the consolidated balance sheet. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Notes
Payable Related Parties 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into two promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of with a
related party to meet its working capital needs. Net proceeds from the issuance of the notes were . The notes bear no interest, are
unsecured and . The Company repaid one of the notes during the year ended September 30,
2024. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued and repaid six promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of with
officers, directors or an employee of the Company. The Company also issued a promissory note having a principal amount of to a director
of the Company, which the Company repaid in December 2023. 

As
of September 30, 2024, one note having a principal balance of remains outstanding and is included in Notes payable related
parties, current in the consolidated balance sheet. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the note reached its maturity date and remains
outstanding. 

 SAFEs 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company entered into simple agreements for future equity with certain investors in exchange for
cash proceeds of . Certain SAFEs, representing a purchase amount of , were automatically convertible into shares of Legacy
Mobix common stock upon the occurrence of the Company s next equity financing of not less than . These SAFEs were convertible
at prices per share equal to discounts of to from the lowest per share purchase price of the Company s equity securities
in the financing. In the event of a dissolution prior to conversion, the Company must pay the holder of these SAFEs an amount equal to
the purchase amount. In this case, the rights of the SAFE holders were senior to the Company s capital stock and pari passu with
any convertible debt of the Company. 

The
remainder of the SAFEs, representing a purchase amount of , were automatically convertible into shares of the Company s preferred
stock upon the occurrence of the Company s next round of preferred stock financing. 
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the holders of these SAFEs will be entitled to receive a cash-out amount
equal to their original purchase price, which right is junior to the payment of the Company s outstanding indebtedness and on par
with the rights of other SAFEs and preferred stock. 

In
each case, the SAFEs did not bear interest and had no maturity date. Holders of the SAFEs had no voting rights. The Company initially
recorded the SAFEs at their fair value of and remeasured the SAFEs to fair value at each reporting date. For the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded losses and , respectively, resulting from the change in fair value of the SAFEs, which
are reported in Change in fair value of SAFEs in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2023, SAFEs having an original purchase amount of were converted into shares of the Company s
common stock, in accordance with the original terms of the agreements. These SAFEs were remeasured to fair value immediately prior to
conversion, with the change in fair value reported in Change in fair value of SAFEs in the statement of operations and
comprehensive loss. Upon conversion, the carrying amount of these SAFEs was credited to equity, with no gain or loss recognized. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

In
connection with the Merger, all of the outstanding SAFEs, representing an original purchase amount of , were converted into 
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and the carrying amount of these SAFEs was credited to equity, with no gain
or loss recognized. As of September 30, 2024, no SAFEs remain outstanding. 

Convertible
Notes 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued convertible notes having an aggregate principal amount of to unaffiliated
investors. , bore interest at per annum, were unsecured and had a conversion price
of per share. The principal amount of the convertible notes and any accrued interest thereon was convertible into shares of the
Company s common stock, at the election of each holder, at any time prior to maturity. In connection with the issuance of the convertible
notes, the Company issued the investors warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Legacy Mobix common stock at an exercise
price of per share. The warrants were immediately exercisable and had a one -year term. In connection with the Merger, all outstanding
convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock and the carrying amount of the notes
and accrued interest thereon was credited to equity, with no gain or loss recognized. As of September 30, 2024, convertible notes
remain outstanding. 

promissory notes - related parties and the notes payable - related parties each mature
or were converted within one year of the respective balance sheet dates. 

Fair
Value Hierarchy 

Private Warrants 

PIPE Common Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants 

Total 

The
Company classifies the earnout liability, the PIPE make-whole liability, liability-classified warrants and the SAFEs as Level 3 financial
instruments due to the judgment required to develop the assumptions used and the significance of those assumptions to the fair value
measurement. No financial instruments were transferred between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended September 30,
2024 or 2023. The following table provides a reconciliation of the balance of financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring
basis using Level 3 inputs: 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Liabilities recognized 

Conversion to Class A Common Stock in the Merger 

Exercise of warrants 

Settlement of liability 

Change in fair value included in net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Year ended September 30, 2023: 
 SAFEs 

Balance, September 30, 2022 

Conversion to Legacy Mobix common stock 

Change in fair value included in net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Earnout
Liability 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Contractual term 
 years 
 years 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

PIPE
Make-Whole Liability 

The
Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes assumptions, including volatility, expected term and risk-free rate, to estimate
the fair value of the PIPE make-whole liability. The following table summarizes the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of
the PIPE make-whole liability at the Closing: 

December 21, 2023 (Closing) 

Stock price 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Contractual term 
 months 

to years and expire
at various dates through August 2027. The leases do not contain residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. The lease covering
the Company s square foot headquarters in Irvine, California provides the Company an option to extend the lease for one
additional five-year term, with rent at the prevailing market rate. The lease requires a security deposit of , which is recorded
in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Cash
paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 
and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease term was years, and the weighted-average discount
rate was . 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company obtained a right-of-use asset valued at in connection with a business acquisition.
The Company has also amended an office lease to provide for the use of additional space, which is not yet available for the Company s
use. At such time as the additional space is available to it which the Company anticipates will occur in 2025 the Company
expects to recognize an increase in the right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately . There were no other leases
that had not yet commenced as of September 30, 2024 that will create significant additional rights and obligations for the Company. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2026 

2027 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: current obligations under leases 

Long-term lease obligations 

, which was accrued in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2022. During the year ended
September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of Legacy Mobix common stock in settlement of this liability. 

Litigation 

From
time to time, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.
The Company does not believe it is currently a party to any legal proceedings nor is the Company aware of any other pending or
threatened litigation that the Company believes would have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, cash flows
or financial condition should such litigation be resolved unfavorably. 

Indemnifications 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company often includes standard indemnification provisions in its arrangements with customers, suppliers
and vendors. Pursuant to these provisions, the Company may be obligated to indemnify such parties for losses or claims suffered or incurred
in connection with its service, breach of representations or covenants, intellectual property infringement or other claims made against
such parties. These provisions may limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made. The Company has not in the past
incurred significant expense defending against third party claims, nor has it incurred significant expense under its standard service
warranties or arrangements with its customers, suppliers and vendors. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized any liabilities for
these indemnification provisions as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Total current 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

to the Company s
loss before income taxes as follows: 

 Schedule
of Loss Before Income Tax 

Year ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Income tax benefit computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate 

State and local income tax benefits, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Non-deductible transaction costs 

Fair value of warrants issued to lenders 

Research and development credits 

State tax rate change 

Change in fair value of earnout liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-deductible executive compensation 

Other 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Section 174 capitalized costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible asset amortization 

Fixed asset depreciation 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

In
connection with the acquisitions of EMI Solutions and RaGE Systems, the Company recognized additional deferred tax liabilities totaling
 associated with acquired intangible assets. Based on the availability of these tax attributes, the Company determined that it
expects to realize a greater portion of its existing deferred tax assets and for the year ended September 30, 2024 the Company recognized
a deferred income tax benefit of , principally resulting from reductions of the valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

During
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company increased the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets by 
and ,
respectively, which primarily related to increases in net deferred tax assets from current year activity that the Company expects
will not be realized in the future. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company also reduced the valuation allowance and
recognized a deferred tax benefit of as a result of the deferred tax liabilities it recognized in connection with the
acquisitions of EMI Solutions and RaGE Systems. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has accumulated federal and state net
operating losses NOLs of 
and ,
respectively. The federal NOLs may be carried forward indefinitely and the state NOLs begin to expire in 2031. 

The
Company s ability to carry forward its NOLs and research credits may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 382 ). The federal net operating losses have an indefinite carryforward
period but are available to offset only of future taxable income. The Company s ability to use its federal NOL carryforwards
may be further limited if it experiences an ownership change as defined in Section 382. 

The
Company has unrecognized tax benefits of as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. There were no changes in the Company s unrecognized
tax benefits during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in the provision (benefit) for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of September
30, 2024 and 2023, no accrued interest or penalties are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets, and the Company has not recorded
any related expenses. The Company does not expect a significant change in its uncertain tax positions within the next twelve months. 

The
Company files U.S. federal and various state income tax returns. As of September 30, 2024, the U.S. federal and state tax returns are
open to examination for calendar years 2021 through 2023. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA requires that taxpayers capitalize expenditures that qualify as Section 174 costs and recover
them over five years for domestic expenditures, and fifteen years for expenditures attributed for foreign research. As of September 30,
2024, the Company has capitalized of costs under this provision. 

shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock. 

The
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the Company to issue shares of preferred stock, par value ,
and the Company s board of directors is authorized to designate one or more series of preferred stock, to fix the number of shares
constituting any such series of preferred stock, and the powers, preferences and rights of any such series of preferred stock. Through
September 30, 2024, the board of directors had not designated any such series of preferred stock and as of September 30, 2024 shares
of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock. Holders of Class
A and Class B common stock are each entitled to receive ratably any dividends or distributions as may be declared from time to time by
the board of directors. Each class of common stock is subordinate to the Company s preferred stock with respect to rights upon
liquidation of the Company. Neither class of common stock is redeemable at the option of the holders. The holders of Class A and Class
B common stock are entitled to vote together as a single class, with each holder of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock entitled
to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock and each holder of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock entitled to ten votes
for each share of Class B Common Stock. Holders of shares of Class B Common Stock may elect at any time to convert each outstanding share
of Class B Common Stock into one share of Class A Common Stock. Shares of Class B Common Stock are also subject to automatic conversion
into shares of Class A Common Stock upon the occurrence of certain events or, if not previously converted, upon the seventh anniversary
of the Closing. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, Legacy Mobix sold shares of its common stock at various dates in private placements for net
proceeds of . In connection with the issuance of these shares, Legacy Mobix also granted one investor a warrant to purchase 
shares of common stock at a price of per share. The warrant is immediately exercisable and has a term of one year. The Company
determined the warrant to be a freestanding equity instrument with no subsequent remeasurement. The Company determined the amount recognized
within additional paid-in capital by allocating the proceeds received among the shares of common stock and the warrant issued based on
their relative fair values. Subsequent to the Merger, the Company sold shares of its Class A Common Stock to an unaffiliated
investor for proceeds of . The Company also issued the investor a warrant to purchase an aggregate of shares of its Class
A Common Stock at a price of per share. The warrant is immediately exercisable and has a five -year term. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2023, Legacy Mobix sold shares of its common stock at various dates in private placements for
net proceeds of . In connection with the issuance of these shares, the Company also granted two investors warrants to purchase
an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The warrants are immediately exercisable
and have terms ranging from one to . The Company determined the warrants to be free-standing equity instruments with no subsequent
remeasurement. The Company determined the amount recognized within additional paid-in capital by allocating the proceeds received among
the shares of common stock and the warrants issued based on their relative fair values. During the year ended September 30, 2023, one
of these investors exercised a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, for proceeds of . 

Less: 

Class A Common Stock outstanding 

Reserve for conversion of Class B Common Stock 

Reserve for exercise of the Public Warrants and Private Warrants 

Reserve for exercise of other common stock warrants 

Reserve for Earnout Shares 

Reserve for RaGE Earnout 

Stock options and RSUs outstanding 

Awards available for grant under 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 

Reserve for issuance under 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Class A Common Stock available for issuance 

The
Company has never declared or paid any dividends on any class of its equity securities and does not expect to do so in the near future. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Committed
Equity Facility 

On
March 18, 2024, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement and a related Registration Rights Agreement
with B. Riley Principal Capital II B. Riley which provides the Company the right, in its sole discretion, and subject
to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth therein, to sell to B. Riley up to newly issued shares of its Class A Common
Stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time. Any sales of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and the
timing of any sales, are solely at the Company s option, and the Company is under no obligation to sell any securities to B. Riley.
The per share purchase price that B. Riley will pay for shares of Class A Common Stock will be determined by reference to the volume
weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock measured over the regular trading session or intraday period of the trading session
on Nasdaq on the date of each purchase, in each case as defined in the Purchase Agreement, less a three percent discount. However, in
July 2024 the Company entered into an unrelated private placement transaction, the terms of which prohibit the Company from selling shares
of its Class A Common Stock in variable rate transactions, which includes sales pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, until the one year
anniversary of the date the registration statement relating to the private placement is effective. 

As
consideration for B. Riley s commitment to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, the Company agreed to pay
a cash commitment fee in the amount of . B. Riley will withhold in cash from the total aggregate purchase price until B. Riley
has received the entire cash commitment fee. If any portion of the commitment fee remains unpaid on the earlier of the termination of
the agreement or December 15, 2024, then the Company must pay B. Riley the remainder of the commitment fee in cash. The Company also
agreed to reimburse B. Riley for reasonable legal fees and disbursements in an amount not to exceed upon the execution of the Purchase
Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement and per fiscal quarter. In April 2024, the Company filed a registration statement with
the Securities and Exchange Commission to register under the Securities Act, the offer and resale by B. Riley of up to shares
of Class A Common Stock that the Company may elect to sell to B. Riley pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and the registration statement
was declared effective on May 13, 2024. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold shares of its Class A Common Stock to B. Riley under the Purchase Agreement
for gross proceeds of . The amount and timing of the proceeds the Company receives from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including the numbers of shares the Company may elect
to sell, the timing of such sales, the future market price of the Company s Class A Common stock and the payment of the cash commitment
fee. For the year ended September 30, 2024, cash commitment and other fees under the Purchase Agreement totaling are included
in Other non-operating losses, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

unregistered
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. The Company also issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of
the Company s Class A Common Stock PIPE Common Warrants ). Gross proceeds from the Private Placement were ,
before payment of fees and expenses to the placement agent of . 

The
Pre-Funded Warrant has an exercise price of per share, is immediately exercisable upon issuance and will expire when exercised
in full. In August 2024, the investor exercised the Pre-Funded Warrant in full, for net cash proceeds to the Company of . 

The
PIPE Common Warrants are comprised of Series A warrants to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock (the Series
A Warrants and Series B warrants to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock (the Series B Warrants ).
The PIPE Common Warrants have an exercise price of per share and are exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder
approval of the issuance of the shares of common stock upon exercise of the PIPE Common Warrants. The Series A Warrants will expire from the date of such stockholder approval and the Series B warrants will expire from the date of stockholder approval. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

In
connection with the Private Placement, the Company paid placement agent fees and expenses of 
and issued the placement agent warrants to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of its Class A Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrants ). The Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price
of 
per share, are exercisable upon stockholder approval and will expire five years thereafter. Moreover, upon any exercise for cash of
the PIPE Common Warrants, the Company is obligated to pay the placement agent cash fees aggregating 
of the gross exercise price and issue to the placement agent warrants to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 
of the aggregate number of such shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the PIPE Common Warrants. 

The
Company also entered into a registration rights agreement and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration
statement to register for resale the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the PIPE Common Warrants, the
Pre-Funded Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants, which became effective on August 28, 2024. 

The
Company evaluated the Pre-Funded Warrant and the PIPE Common Warrants and concluded that those warrants do not meet the derivative scope
exception. Specifically, the warrants contain provisions that affect their settlement amounts which are not inputs into the pricing of
a fixed-for-fixed option on equity shares. Therefore, the warrants are not considered indexed to the Company s stock and must be
classified as liabilities. At the time of the private placement, the Company recognized an initial liability totaling for the
warrants. The Company subsequently adjusted the carrying amount of the liability to its estimated fair value as of September 30, 2024
(or, in the case of the Pre-Funded Warrant, through the date of exercise) and for the year ended September 30, 2024 the Company recognized
a net non-cash loss of from the initial issuance and subsequent change in the fair value of the warrants, which is included in
 Other non-operating losses, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of September 30,
2024, all of the PIPE Common Warrants remained outstanding and the related liability of is included in Other noncurrent
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company determined that the Placement Agent Warrants met the
criteria for classification as equity, and recognized a charge of upon issuance. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following ranges of assumptions: expected volatility of to ; expected
dividend yield; risk-free interest rate of to ; and a contractual term of to years. 

Public
and Private Warrants 

In
connection with its initial public offering, Chavant issued Public Warrants and Private Warrants (of which 
Private Warrants were subsequently forfeited by the Sponsor), each of which entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s
Class A Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. The Public Warrants and Private Warrants are exercisable
at any time commencing thirty days after the completion of the Merger and terminating five years after the completion of the Merger.
The Company may redeem the Public Warrants at a price of per warrant if the last reported sale of the Company s Class A Common
Stock equals or exceeds per share for any twenty trading days within a thirty-day period after the Public Warrants become exercisable. 

The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Warrants and shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until thirty days after the completion of the Merger,
subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other
than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by
such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Both
the Public Warrants and Private Warrants are subject to adjustment if the Company issues additional equity securities for capital raising
purposes at price (the Newly Issued Price below specified levels; if the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than of the total equity proceeds available for funding Merger at the Closing; and, if the VWAP of the Company s
Class A Common Stock during a specified period Market Value is below per share. In such event, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to of the Market Value and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted
to be equal to of the Newly Issued Price. As a result of the issuances of shares under the PIPE Subscription Agreement and other
agreements in connection with the Merger, the Company adjusted the exercise price of the warrants from to per share and
adjusted the redemption trigger price from to per share. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized
a noncash deemed dividend of as a result of the warrant price adjustment. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Upon
the Closing, the Company concluded that the Public Warrants meet the derivative scope exception for contracts in the Company s
own stock and recorded the Public Warrants in stockholders equity. The Company concluded that the Private Warrants do not meet
the derivative scope exception and are accounted for as liabilities. Specifically, the Private Warrants contain provisions that affect
the settlement amounts dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant, which is not an input into the pricing of a fixed-for-fixed
option on equity shares. Therefore, the Private Warrants are not considered indexed to the Company s stock and must be classified
as a liability. At the time of Closing, the Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Private Warrants using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model and recognized a liability of . As of September 30, 2024, all of the Private Warrants remained outstanding and
the Company adjusted the carrying amount of the liability to its estimated fair value of , which is included in Other noncurrent
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As a result of the increase in the fair value of the liability, the Company recorded
a non-cash loss of for the year ended September 30, 2024, which is included in Other non-operating losses, net in
the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

PIPE
Warrants 

In
connection with the PIPE Subscription Agreements, the Company issued the investors warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock
at an exercise price of per share. The Company evaluated these warrants and concluded that they meet the derivative scope exception
for contracts in the Company s own stock. Consequently, the PIPE warrants were recorded in stockholders equity. 

Other
Warrants 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of its Class A Common Stock at per share
to a service provider, in respect of services rendered to Legacy Mobix prior to the Merger. In addition, as described in Note 11, Debt ,
during the year ended September 30, 2024 Legacy Mobix failed to repay the principal amount of a note payable by its maturity date and
was obligated to issue warrants to purchase shares of its Class A Common Stock at per share to the lender as additional
consideration. The Company initially recorded a liability of in the consolidated balance sheets for the estimated fair value of
the warrants. For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a non-cash gain of from the change in the fair value
of the liability, which is included in Other non-operating losses, net in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. The Company valued the warrants using a probability-weighted expected return model. In April 2024, the Company issued
the warrants to the lender, and the lender exercised the warrants. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of and shares of its
common stock, respectively, in connection with borrowings. See Note 11, Debt . 

Legacy
Mobix Warrants 

In
connection with the Merger, all of Legacy Mobix s outstanding warrants were assumed by the Company and converted into the same
number of warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, with no change to their exercise prices or other terms.
Subsequent to the Merger, warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares were exercised and converted into shares of Class
A Common Stock, with no cash proceeds to the Company. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, Legacy Mobix granted warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at a price
of per share to investors in connection with the sale of shares of its common stock. See Note 16, Equity . Also during the
year ended September 30, 2023, Legacy Mobix issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock at per
share to non-service providers. In December 2022, the holders exercised these warrants and purchased shares of Legacy Mobix common
stock for cash proceeds of . 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

During
the year ended September 30, 2023, Legacy Mobix issued warrants to service providers to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common
stock at exercise prices of to per share. The Company valued the warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with
the following ranges of assumptions: expected volatility of to ; no expected dividend yield; risk-free interest rate of 
to ; and a contractual term of one to two years. The Company recognized the aggregate fair value of the warrants in selling,
general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended September
30, 2023. Effective March 2023, one warrant to purchase shares of common stock was cancelled. In June 2023, warrants to purchase
an aggregate of shares of Legacy Mobix common stock were exercised for proceeds to the Company of . 

See
Note 12, Fair Value Measurements , for additional information on the Company s measurements with respect to the warrants
issued in connection with the foregoing transactions. 

shares of its Class A Common Stock for issuance under the terms of the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Also
in connection with the Merger, the Company adopted the 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to assist eligible employees in acquiring stock
ownership in the Company. Under the 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, eligible employees may elect to enroll in the plan, designate
a portion of eligible compensation to be withheld by the Company during an offering period, and purchase shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock at the end of such offering period. The price of the shares purchased shall not be less than of the fair market
value of a share on the enrollment date or on the purchase date, whichever is lower. The Company has reserved shares of its Class
A Common Stock for issuance under the terms of the 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced
any offering period nor sold any shares under this plan. 

Prior
to the Merger, Legacy Mobix had three equity incentive plans which provided for the issuance of stock-based compensation awards and immediately
prior to the Merger, Legacy Mobix RSUs and stock options were outstanding under these plans. Under the terms of the 2023 Equity Incentive
Plan, no further awards may be made under the Legacy Mobix equity incentive plans. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

In
connection with the Merger, all of Legacy Mobix s RSUs were assumed by the Company and converted into an RSU covering the same
number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 

In
November 2022, Legacy Mobix and certain of its officers and key employees agreed to enter into amended RSU agreements relating to an
aggregate of RSUs and in March 2023 and May 2023, Legacy Mobix and certain of its officers and key employees agreed to forfeit
the RSUs. The RSUs to these officers and key employees were replaced with a commitment from the Company, contingent upon closing
of the Merger, to issue an aggregate of RSUs (of which were modified to common stock warrants upon the holder s
termination of employment) over three years, beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing of the Merger. Because the vesting of
these awards was subject to both a service condition and a performance condition (the completion of the Merger), the Company determined
that vesting of the awards was not probable and did not recognize any stock-based compensation expense for these awards prior to the
Closing. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Upon
Closing, the performance condition was satisfied, and vesting of the awards is subject only to a service condition. As a result, the
Company is required to recognize the value of these awards over the requisite service period. During the year ended September 30, 2024,
the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of relating to these RSUs and warrants, which includes a catch-up for
the portion of the service period completed prior to the performance condition being satisfied. Also during the year ended September
30, 2024, in connection with a separation of employment, the Company modified RSUs held by an employee such that the RSUs which
were subject to forfeiture under their original terms would continue to vest over their original service period. Because the fair
value of the modified awards was lower than the grant-date fair value of the original awards, the Company recognized a reduction
of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2023, certain employees agreed to forfeit RSUs with no current replacement award. As a result, the
Company recognized of stock-based compensation expense in the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Performance-based RSUs 

Other RSUs issued 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

No
RSUs vested during the year ended September 30, 2023. Unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs was as of September 30,
2024 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options granted under the Company s equity incentive plan may be Incentive Stock Options ISOs or Non-Statutory
Stock Options NSOs ). ISOs may be granted only to employees and NSOs may be granted to employees and consultants. The types
of awards granted to consultants do not vary in characteristics from those granted to employees. The term of each option, which is stated
in each option agreement, cannot exceed ten years from the date of grant. The exercise price is determined by the Company s board
of directors. If granted to an employee (other than employee who owns stock representing more than of the voting power of all classes
of stock), the option exercise price cannot be less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant as determined by the
Company s board of directors. Vesting requirements for options granted under the plans are determined by the board of directors.
Stock option awards generally vest over periods of one to four years. Certain awards require the performance of one year of service before
vesting commences, with a specified percentage of the award vesting after one year of service, and the remainder vesting ratably over
the remaining vesting period. 

In
connection with the Merger, all Legacy Mobix stock options were assumed by the Company and converted into the same number of stock options
of the Company, with no change to their exercise prices, vesting conditions or other terms. 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

The
terms of stock option awards permit a net share settlement for exercises of stock options, at the Company s discretion.
Stock options exercised during the year ended September 30, 2024 include options to purchase an aggregate of shares which were
exercised and settled for shares of Class A Common Stock, with no cash proceeds to the Company. 

Unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, totaling as of September 30, 2024, is expected to be recognized over
a weighted-average period of years. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable as of
September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The total fair value of options that vested during the years ended September 30, 2024
and 2023 was and , respectively. 

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively.
The fair value of stock options granted was estimated with the following assumptions: 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

MOBIX
LABS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

of the Company s net revenue. For the year ended September 30,
2023, two customers accounted for of the Company s net revenue. No other customer accounted for more than of net revenue
in the respective periods. 

As
of September 30, 2024, two customers had balances due that represented of the Company s total accounts receivable. As of September
30, 2023, two customers had balances due that represented of the Company s total accounts receivable. 

China 

Czech Republic 

Thailand 

Other 

Total net revenue 

Long-Lived
Assets 

Substantially
all of the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States. 

short-term loan agreement with an unrelated financing company. 

Also in December 2024, the Company entered into an agreement for the purchase
and sale of future receipts with an unrelated buyer pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the buyer certain future trade receipts
in the aggregate amount of (the Future Receipts Purchased Amount for net proceeds to the Company of . Under
the agreement, the Company granted the buyer a security interest in all of the Company s present and future accounts receivable
in an amount not to exceed the Future Receipts Purchased Amount. The Future Receipts Purchased Amount shall be repaid by the Company
in weekly installments ranging from to , payable through September 2025. 

90 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A . Controls and Procedures 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of
disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply
judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024. We
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as described below, and, as a result, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based upon criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the material weaknesses described below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. The material weaknesses are as follows: 

We
 did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial
 reporting requirements. Specifically, we lacked a sufficient complement of personnel with
 an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze,
 record and disclose accounting matters timely and accurately. Additionally, our insufficient
 complement of personnel resulted in an inability to consistently establish appropriate authorities
 and responsibilities in pursuit of financial reporting objectives, as demonstrated by, among
 other things, insufficient segregation of duties in our finance and accounting functions. 
 
 We
 did not design and maintain an effective risk assessment process at a precise enough level
 to identify new and evolving risks of material misstatement in our financial statements.
 Specifically, changes to existing controls or the implementation of new controls have not
 been sufficient to respond to changes to our risks of material misstatement to financial
 reporting. 

91 

These
material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: 

We
 did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve
 complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including
 controls over (i) the preparation and review of account reconciliations and journal entries,
 (ii) maintaining appropriate segregation of duties, (iii) determining the appropriate grant
 date for stock options and evaluating the assumptions used within our Black-Scholes model
 to determine the fair value of option grants, and (iv) the review of the completeness and
 accuracy of the income tax provision and related disclosures. Additionally, we did not design
 and maintain controls over the classification and presentation of accounts and disclosures
 in our financial statements and to ensure revenue transactions are recorded in the correct
 period. 

We
 did not design and maintain effective controls to identify and account for certain non-routine,
 unusual or complex transactions, including the proper application of U.S. GAAP of such transactions.
 Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls to (i) timely identify, account
 for and value business combinations and asset acquisitions, including the associated tax
 implications and (ii) timely identify, account for and value our financing arrangements. 

We
 did not design and maintain effective controls to verify transactions are properly authorized,
 executed, and accounted for, including transactions related to incentive compensation arrangements. 

These
material weaknesses resulted in adjustments to revenue, accrued expenses, general and administrative expenses, inventory, costs of
products sold, the accounting for and classification of redeemable convertible preferred stock, founders preferred and common stock,
stock-based compensation expense, other current assets, income tax expense and deferred tax liabilities, as well as the purchase
price allocation for our business combination, as of and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021; and, adjustments to
stock-based compensation expense, accrued expenses, other current liabilities and the PIPE make-whole liability, as well as the
purchase price allocations for our business combinations as of and for the interim periods ended December
31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, and as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

We
 did not design and maintain effective information technology IT general controls
 for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of our financial statements.
 Specifically, we did not design and maintain (i) program change management controls to ensure
 that program and data changes are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately,
 (ii) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and to adequately restrict
 user and privileged access to appropriate personnel, (iii) computer operations controls to
 ensure that processing and transfer of data, and data backups and recovery are monitored,
 and (iv) program development controls to ensure that new software development is tested,
 authorized and implemented appropriately. These deficiencies did not result in a misstatement
 to our financial statements. 

Additionally,
these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material
misstatement to our annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the our registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in
this Annual Report. 

Remediation
Plan 

We
have begun an implementation plan to remediate these material weaknesses, which we expect will result in significant future costs
for us. 

92 

Those
remediation measures will include (i) hiring additional accounting and IT personnel to enhance our financial reporting, accounting and
IT capabilities; (ii) designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities and designing and implementing
controls over segregation of duties; (iii) designing and implementing controls to identify and evaluate changes in our business and the
impact on our internal control over financial reporting; (iv) designing and implementing controls over the proper authorization of transactions;
(v) designing and implementing controls to identify, account for, and value non-routine, unusual or complex transactions; (vi) designing
and implementing formal accounting policies, procedures and controls supporting our financial close process, including controls over
account reconciliations and journal entries; (vii) designing and implementing controls over determining the appropriate grant date for
stock options and evaluating the assumptions used within the Black-Scholes model; (viii) designing and implementing controls over the
completeness and accuracy of the income tax provision and related disclosure; (ix) designing and implementing controls over the classification
and presentation of accounts and disclosures in our financial statements and to ensure revenue transactions are recorded in the correct
period; (x) implementing a more sophisticated IT system; and (xi) designing and implementing IT general controls. 

The
material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until our remediation plan as described above has been fully implemented and we
determine no further changes to the remediation plan are necessary, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time,
and we have concluded, through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. 

Notwithstanding
the above, our management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material
respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or directors 
or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined
in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

93 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

94 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements. See our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules. None. 

(3)
Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and among Chavant, Merger Sub and Mobix Labs, Inc. (included as Annex A-1 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2023, by and among Chavant, Merger Sub and Mobix Labs, Inc. (included as Annex A-2 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 26, 2023, by and among Chavant, Merger Sub and Mobix Labs, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Chavant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2023). 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2024, by and among Mobix Labs, Inc. and Mobix Labs Operations, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333.278451), filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024). 
 
 2.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and among Mobix Labs, Inc., Mobix Merger Sub I, Inc., Mobix Merger Sub II, LLC, EMI Solutions, Inc., Yden Holdings, LLC, Robert Ydens and Julie Ydens (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 2.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 28, 2023, by and among Mobix Labs, Inc., Mobix Merger Sub I, Inc., Mobix Merger Sub II, LLC, EMI Solutions, Inc., Yden Holdings, LLC, Robert Ydens and Julie Ydens (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-278451), filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of Mobix Labs, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 

95 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between Chavant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Chavant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Amendment to the Warrant Agreement, dated December 21, 2023, by and between Chavant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, dated July 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Series A Common Warrant, dated July 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Series B Common Warrant, dated July 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, dated July 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 4.9 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and among Chavant, its executive officers, its directors, Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and their respective permitted designees and Chavant Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Chavant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, dated December 21, 2023, by and among Mobix Labs, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Mobix Labs, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Mobix Labs, Inc. 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 10.6# 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between Fabian Battaglia and Mobix Labs, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.14 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Term Sheet between Fabian Battaglia and Mobix Labs, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.15 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

96 

10.8# 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement between Keyvan Samini and Mobix Labs, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.16 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Term Sheet between Keyvan Samini and Mobix Labs, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.17 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement between James Aralis and Mobix Labs, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.18 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Cancellation and Termination Agreement between Mobix Labs, Inc. and certain RSU holders (included as Exhibit 10.20 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.12# 
 
 Board of Directors Agreement, dated March 12, 2021, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and Kurt Busch (included as Exhibit 10.21 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Board of Directors Agreement, dated March 12, 2021, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and William Carpou (included as Exhibit 10.22 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.14# 
 
 Board of Directors Agreement, dated March 2, 2021, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and David Aldrich (included as Exhibit 10.23 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.15# 
 
 Board of Directors Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and James Peterson (included as Exhibit 10.24 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.16# 
 
 Board of Directors Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and Frederick Goerner (included as Exhibit 10.25 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.17# 
 
 First Amendment to Board of Directors Agreement, dated March 26, 2023, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and James Peterson (included as Exhibit 10.26 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.18# 
 
 First Amendment to Board of Directors Agreement, dated March 26, 2023, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and Frederick Goerner (included as Exhibit 10.27 to the proxy statement/prospectus, which is a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on November 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Subscription Agreement, effective as of December 18, 2023, by and among Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp., Mobix Labs, Inc. and Sage Hill Investors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Chavant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2023). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated December 14, 2023, by and between Mobix Labs, Inc. and Sage Hill Investors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Chavant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2023). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated December 19, 2023, by and among Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp., Mobix Labs, Inc. and Chavant Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 26, 2023). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated December 20, 2023, by and between Mobix Labs, Inc. and Chavant Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2023). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated December 20, 2023, by and among Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp., Mobix Labs, Inc. and Chavant Capital Partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2023). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Additional PIPE Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2023). 

97 

10.25 
 
 Form of Converted Additional Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of Mobix Labs, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2023). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Non-Converted Additional Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of Mobix Labs, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2023). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Non-Redemption Agreement, dated December 20, 2023, by and among Chavant Capital Acquisition Corp., Mobix Labs, Inc. and a shareholder of Chavant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2023). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Non-Redemption Warrant, dated December 20, 2023, between Mobix Labs, Inc. and a shareholder of Chavant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2023). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amendment to Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated December 21, 2023, by and among Chavant, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2024, by and between Mobix Labs, Inc. and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2024). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2024, by and between Mobix Labs, Inc. and B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2024). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2024, by and among Mobix Labs, Inc, RaGE Systems, Inc and Mobix Merger Sub III, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2024). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 19.1 
 
 Mobix Labs, Inc. s Insider Trading Policy 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm for Mobix Labs, Inc. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 97 
 
 Mobix Labs, Inc. s Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to Mobix Labs, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2023). 
 
 101
 INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have
been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted
exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract
or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

98 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on December 23, 2024. 

MOBIX
 LABS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Fabrizio Battaglia 

Fabrizio
 Battaglia 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Fabrizio Battaglia 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 Fabrizio
 Battaglia 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Keyvan Samini 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 Keyvan
 Samini 
 
 (principal
 financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/
 James Peterson 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 James
 Peterson 

/s/
 David Aldrich 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 David
 Aldrich 

/s/
 Kurt Busch 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 Kurt
 Busch 

/s/
 William Carpou 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 William
 Carpou 

/s/
 Frederick Goerner 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 Frederick
 Goerner 

/s/
 Michael Long 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 23, 2024 
 
 Michael
 Long 

99 

<EX-4.9>
 2
 ex4-9.htm

Exhibit
4.9 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following summary of the material terms of our securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such
securities. The full text of our Charter and amendment to the Charter, which together are referred to as the Charter, and Bylaws is included
as Exhibit 3.1, Exhibit 3.2, and Exhibit 3.3 respectively, in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities
is attached as an exhibit. We urge you to read our Charter and Bylaws in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and
preferences of our securities. 

Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description
of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 

Authorized
and Outstanding Stock 

Our
Charter authorizes three hundred million (300,000,000) shares, consisting of three (3) classes: (i) two-hundred and eighty-five million
(285,000,000) shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.00001 par value per share, (ii) five million (5,000,000) shares of Class B Common Stock,
 0.00001 par value per share, and (iii) ten million (10,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, 0.00001 par value per share. 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were 32,824,230 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding, 2,129,901 shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding
and no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Voting
Power 

Holders
of Class A Common Stock and holders of Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the
stockholders except as otherwise required by applicable law or the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to Mobix Labs
or by or pursuant to the Charter. Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Class A Common Stock
held of record by such holder on all matters to be voted on by stockholders except as otherwise required by applicable law or the rules
or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to Mobix Labs or by or pursuant to the Charter. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled
to ten (10) votes for each share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters to be voted on by stockholders
except as otherwise required by applicable law or the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to Mobix Labs or by or pursuant
to the Charter. 

Dividends
and Distribution Rights 

Subject
to applicable law and the rights, if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock are entitled
to receive dividends or distributions when, as and if declared by the Board in its discretion, payable either in cash, in property or
in shares of capital stock. Generally, the holders of Common Stock share in such dividends or distributions ratably in proportion to
the number of shares held by them; except that if a dividend or distribution is proposed to be declared and paid or set apart for payment
to the holders of Class A Common Stock in shares of Class A Common Stock or rights to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock or to the
holders of Class B Common Stock shares of Class B Common Stock or rights to acquire Class B Common Stock, a dividend or distribution
of an equal number of shares of Class B Common Stock or rights to acquires Class B Common Stock shall be declared and paid or set apart
for payment to the holders of Class B Common Stock or a dividend or distribution of an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock
or rights to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock shall be declared and paid or set apart for payment to the holders of Class A Common
Stock, respectively. 

Liquidation,
Dissolution and Winding Up 

Subject
to applicable law and the rights, if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive pro rata Mobix Labs remaining
assets available for distribution, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. 

Conversion 

Each
outstanding share of Class B Common Stock may, at the option of the holder thereof at any time upon written notice to Mobix Labs, be
converted into one (1) fully-paid and non-assessable share of Class A Common Stock. Each outstanding share of Class B Common Stock will
be automatically, without further action by the holder thereof, converted into one (1) fully-paid and non-assessable share of Class A
Common Stock upon the transfer of such share of Class B Common Stock other than to a permitted transferee or (b) at 5:00
p.m. New York City time on the first trading day (on the primary stock exchange on which Mobix Labs shares are then listed) after the
seventh anniversary date of the Closing Date. Permitted Transferees for this purpose means (1) the other holders of Class
B Common Stock immediately following the Closing, (2) their immediate family members, (3) entities controlled directly or indirectly
by them or their immediate family members, and (4) individual retirement accounts for their exclusive benefit or the benefit of their
immediate family members or any trust forming part of the a stock bonus, pension or profit-sharing plan for the exclusive benefit of
the employer s employees or their beneficiaries under Section 401 of the Code in which they or their immediate family members are
participants, subject to them or their immediate family members having sole decision making authority as to the Class B Common Stock
in such account or trust, including as to the voting of such Class B Common Stock. 

Preemptive
or Other Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights, and Common Stock is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Election
of Directors 

The
Charter and the Bylaws provide, except for those directors, if any, elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding
pursuant to the Charter, establish a classified board of directors that is divided into three (3) classes designated as Class I, Class
II and Class III, as nearly equal in number as possible, with staggered three-year terms and with each class containing (for so long
as there are three Class B Directors then in office) not more than one Class B Director. Only the directors in one class are elected
at each annual meeting of Mobix Labs stockholders, with the directors in the other classes continuing for the remainder of their
respective three-year terms. For so long as any shares of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, the holders of a majority of the voting
power of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding voting as a separate class are entitled to (i) elect three Class B Directors,
(ii) remove from office any Class B Director, and (iii) fill any vacancy caused by the death, resignation, disqualification, removal
or other cause of any Class B Director. 

Mobix
Labs stockholders will not have the ability to cumulate votes for the election of directors. The Bylaws provide that, other than
with respect to Class B Directors or the directors elected by any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to the Charter,
at all meetings of stockholders held for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, a majority of the votes cast will be
sufficient to elect directors; provided, however, that where one or more stockholders have (a) nominated one or more individuals to the
Board in compliance with the Bylaws, and such nominees for election exceeds the number of open seats, and (b) not withdrawn such nomination
on or prior to the tenth (10 th day preceding the date on which Mobix Labs first gives notice to stockholders of such meeting
of stockholders for the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast will be sufficient to elect. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Charter expressly authorizes the Board to provide for one or more series of Preferred Stock and pursuant to which the Board is authorized
to establish the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the designation, powers (including voting powers), preferences
and relative, participating, optional or other rights (and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof) of the shares of
each such series, in each case without further vote or action by the stockholders. The Charter provides that the number of authorized
shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote, without the separate
vote of the holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock voting as a single class. The Charter provides that except as may otherwise
be provided by applicable law or the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to Mobix Labs or by or pursuant to the provisions
of the Charter, no holder of any series of Preferred Stock is entitled to any voting powers. The Board is able to, without stockholder
approval, create and issue series of Preferred Stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other
rights of the holders of the Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the Board to issue Preferred Stock, while
providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of Mobix Labs or the removal of existing management. 

As
of the date of this prospectus, there is no Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Warrants 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were 6,000,000 Public Warrants and 3,000,000 Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

Public
Warrants 

Each
whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one (1) share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 5.79 per share,
subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing January 20, 2024, provided that a registration statement under the Securities
Act covering shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus
relating thereto is available (or holders are permitted to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances
specified in the Warrant Agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue
sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. The Public Warrants will expire on December 21, 2028, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A Common
Stock underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to us satisfying its obligations
described below with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable, and we will not be obligated to issue shares of
Class A Common Stock upon exercise of a Public Warrant unless the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such warrant exercise
has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the registered holder of the Public Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not
satisfied with respect to a Public Warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless, in which case the purchaser of a Unit containing such Public Warrants will have paid the full
purchase price for the Unit solely for the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Unit. In no event will we be required to net
cash settle any Public Warrant. 

We
registered the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants in the registration statement relating to
the Merger. However, because the Public Warrants will be exercisable until their expiration date of December 21, 2028, in order to comply
with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of an initial business combination, we will
use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering, under the Securities Act, the issuance of the shares
of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, and the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
is intended to satisfy this requirement. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the 60 th 
business day following the closing of the Merger, holders of the Public Warrants will have the right, during the period beginning on
the 61 st business day after the Closing and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the SEC, and
during any other period when we fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the shares of Class A Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis, by exchanging the Public
Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) or another exemption). Notwithstanding the
above, if the shares of Class A Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act (or any
successor rule), we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to exercise such Public
Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) and (i) in
the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the
Securities Act, of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants or (ii) if we do not so elect, we
agree to use our best efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants under the applicable blue sky laws of the state of residence of the exercising Public Warrant holder to the extent an exemption
is not available. 

Redemption
of Public Warrants for Cash 

We
may redeem the Public Warrants in whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

at
 any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if,
and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.06 per share (as adjusted for share
subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of shares of Class A Common
Stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination),
for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period commencing after the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third
business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if,
and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Public
Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until
the date of redemption, except if the Public Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act. 

We
have established the penultimate item of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the
time of the call a significant premium to the Public Warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a
notice of redemption of the Public Warrants, each Public Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant prior
to the scheduled redemption date. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless basis and would require the exercising
warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each Public Warrant being exercised. However, the price of the Ordinary Share may fall below
the 9.06 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price
of a Public Warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below) as well as the 9.06
(for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. As of the date of this prospectus, the trading price
of the shares of Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq has not achieved the 9.06 threshold that would allow us to redeem the Public Warrants. 

Redemption
Procedures and Cashless Exercise 

If
we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, the Board will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its Public Warrant to do so on a cashless basis, by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of shares of Class
A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below), over the exercise price of the warrants by
(y) the fair market value. Fair market value means the average reported closing price of the shares of Class A Common Stock
as reported during the ten (10) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of the Public Warrants. If our Board takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information
necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the
 fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued
and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need
the cash from the exercise of the Public Warrants. If we call the Public Warrants for redemption and our Board does not take advantage
of this option, the members of the Sponsor and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Placement
Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to
use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have
the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder)
of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-Dilution
Adjustments 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a share capitalization payable in shares of Class A Common Stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization,
split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be increased
in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash,
securities or other assets to the holders of the shares of Class A Common Stock on account of such shares of Class A Common Stock (or
other shares of our share capital into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividend
or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends and cash distributions
paid on the shares of Class A Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution
(as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment
to the exercise price or to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant), but only with
respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share (c) to satisfy the
redemption rights of the holders of the shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d)
to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of the shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
the Existing Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of the Class A Common Stock if the Company does
not complete the initial business combination within the period set forth in the Existing Charter or with respect to any other provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (e) in connection with the redemption of the Public
Shares upon our failure to complete an initial business combination, then the Public Warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective
immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by our Board in
good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each Ordinary Share in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification
of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will
be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the
Public Warrant exercise price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Public Warrant exercise price immediately prior
to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the
exercise of the Public Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of
Class A Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
addition, if (x) we issued additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the Closing at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by our Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor and the officers and directors of Chavant
(collectively, the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any shares issued to the Sponsor
prior to the consummation of the Chavant IPO (the Founder Shares held by such shareholders or their affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represented more
than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the initial business combination on the date of Closing
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the shares of Class A Common Stock during the ten (10) trading
day period starting on the trading day prior to the Closing Date (such price, the Market Value was below 9.20 per share,
the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger described under Redemption of Warrants for Cash 
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. As a result
of the issuances of shares under the PIPE Subscription Agreements and other agreements in connection with the Closing, we adjusted the
exercise price of the Warrants from 11.50 to 5.79 per share and adjusted the redemption trigger price from 18.00 to 9.06 per share. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or
that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or
into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in
any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to
another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of Mobix Labs as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection
with which we are dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis
and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore
purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or
property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following
any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Public Warrants
immediately prior to such event. 

Other
Matters 

The
Public Warrants were issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and the Company. You should review a copy of the Warrant Agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement,
for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the Public Warrants. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms
of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or mistake,
and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
Public Warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, a majority of the then-outstanding
Private Placement Warrants. 

The
Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The Public Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Class A Common Stock
and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares
of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record
on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class
A Common Stock to be issued to the Public Warrant holder. 

The
Warrant Agreement provides that any dispute, controversy, or claim, whether in contract of tort, arising or relating to the Warrant Agreement
or the enforcement, breach, termination, or validity thereof, shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration in Orange County, California
before one neutral and impartial arbitrator, in accordance with the laws of the state of New York. As a result, warrant holders will
not be able to pursue litigation in federal or state court against us and instead will be required to pursue such claims through a final
and binding arbitration proceeding. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and shares of Class A Common
Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until January 20, 2024,
subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone
other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable
by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. As of the date of this registration statement, the initial purchasers of the
Private Placement Warrants (or their permitted transferees) continue to hold all of the Private Placement Warrants. 

Listing
of Securities 

Mobix
Labs Common Stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Global Market, under the symbol MOBX and the Public Warrants
are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MOBXW . 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock and warrant agent for the Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of the Charter, the Bylaws and the DGCL 

Certain
provisions of the Charter, the Bylaws, and the DGCL could make it more difficult to acquire Mobix Labs by means of a tender offer, a
proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are intended to discourage
coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire
control of Mobix Labs to first negotiate with the Board. Mobix Labs believes that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging certain takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in
an improvement of their terms and enhance the ability of the Board to maximize stockholder value. However, these provisions may delay,
deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of Mobix Labs that a stockholder might consider is in their best interest or in Mobix Labs 
best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price of Class A Common Stock. For additional
information, see the section titled Risk Factors Delaware law and Mobix Labs governing documents contain certain
provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and that could delay or
discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K in which
this exhibit forms a part. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

The
Charter and the Bylaws provide that, except for those directors, if any, elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then
outstanding pursuant to the Charter, the Board will be divided into three (3) classes of directors, designated as Class I, Class II and
Class III, with the classes to be as nearly equal in number as possible, and with each class being elected to a staggered three-year
term and with each class containing (for so long as there are three Class B Directors then in office) not more than one Class B Director.
As a result, approximately one-third of the Board will be elected each year. The classification of directors will have the effect of
making it more difficult and time-consuming for stockholders to change the composition of the Board. The holders of the Class B Common
Stock, voting as a separate class, are entitled to elect up to three members of the Board at any given time. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

The
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and, once created by the Board in accordance with the Charter, authorized but unissued
shares of one or more series of Preferred Stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations
imposed by the listing standards of Nasdaq. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions
and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Stock and, once created by the Board in accordance
with the Charter, authorized but unissued shares of one or more series of Preferred Stock could make more difficult or discourage an
attempt to obtain control of Mobix Labs by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Stockholder
Action; Special Meetings of Stockholders 

The
Charter provides that, except as otherwise provided by or pursuant to the Charter (including, without limitation, as to the holders of
Class B Common Stock, consenting separately as a single class), Mobix Labs stockholders may not take action by written consent,
but may only take action at annual or special meetings of stockholders. Any action to be taken at any meeting of the holders of shares
of Class B Common Stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents, setting forth
the action so taken, is signed by the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding having not less than the minimum number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding
were present and voted and is delivered to Mobix Labs in accordance with the DGCL. 

Further,
the Charter provides that solely the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of Mobix Labs, the President of Mobix Labs,
or the Board acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the whole board may call special meetings of stockholders, and
that the Board will call a special meeting of stockholders upon the written request (made in accordance with the Charter and the Bylaws)
of the holders of not less than ten percent of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Mobix Labs generally entitled
to vote on the nomination, question or business for which such special meeting is requested to be called. These provisions might delay
the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of Mobix Labs capital stock
to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

The
Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before Mobix Labs annual meeting of stockholders (other than business
required by or pursuant to the Charter to be voted on by the holders of a class of capital stock of Mobix Labs, separately as a single
class, or by the holders of a series of Preferred Stock, separately as a single class), or to nominate candidates for election as directors
at its annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be delivered
to the Secretary of Mobix Labs at Mobix Labs principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to
the one-year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was
held during the preceding year or the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary
date, to be timely, a stockholder s notice must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120 th 
day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the 10 th
 day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such annual meeting was first made by Mobix Labs. The Bylaws
also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders notice. These provisions may preclude Mobix Labs 
stockholders from bringing matters before its annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at its annual meeting
of stockholders. 

Supermajority
Requirements for the Amendment of the Charter and the Bylaws 

The
Bylaws provide that the Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 
in voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Mobix Labs entitled to vote, voting together as a single class. In
addition, the Charter provides that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 of the voting power of the then outstanding
shares of capital stock of Mobix Labs generally entitled to vote, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend certain
provisions of the Charter, including provisions relating to the classified board, the size of the board, removal of directors, special
meetings of stockholders, actions by written consent, and exculpation of directors and officers. 

Directors
Removed Only for Cause 

The
Charter provides that, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock provided by or pursuant to the Charter,
no director may be removed from the Board except for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Mobix Labs entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together
as a single class. 

Board
Vacancies 

The
Charter provides that, subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any class of capital stock of Mobix Labs then
outstanding to elect one or more directors or the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding to elect one or more preferred
directors, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on the board
of directors will be filled solely and exclusively by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the
sole remaining director. Any director so elected will hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he
or she has replaced and until his or her successor will be elected and qualified, subject to such director s earlier death, resignation,
disqualification or removal. No decrease in the number of directors will shorten the term of any incumbent director. 

In
addition, for so long as any shares of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, only the holders of a majority of the voting power of
the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding, voting or consenting as a single class, will be entitled to remove from office any
Class B Director and fill any vacancy of any Class B Director. 

These
provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of the Board and then gaining control of the board by filling the resulting
vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of the Board, but promotes continuity of directors. 

Exclusive
Forum Selection 

The
Charter provides, unless Mobix Labs consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum and to the fullest extent permitted
by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction,
any state or federal court located within the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on behalf of Mobix Labs, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer
or employee of Mobix Labs to Mobix Labs or the Mobix Labs stockholders, (c) any civil action to interpret, apply or enforce any provision
of the DGCL, (d) any civil action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the provisions of the Charter or the Bylaws
or (e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court s having personal
jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. However, such forum selection provisions will not apply to the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or any action asserting claims arising under the Exchange
Act. 

The
Charter also provides that, unless Mobix Labs consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts
of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under
the Securities Act. 

Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction
to entertain such claims. As noted above, the Charter provides that the federal district courts of the United States will have exclusive
jurisdiction over any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether
a court would enforce such provision. Mobix Labs stockholders will not be deemed to have waived Mobix Labs compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive United States federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As noted above, the Charter provides that the choice of forum provision
does not apply to any action asserting claims arising under the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by Mobix Labs stockholders asserting
claims arising under the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in United States federal court. Mobix Labs
stockholders will not be deemed to have waived Mobix Labs compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of Mobix Labs capital stock will be deemed to have notice
of and consented to the forum selection provisions in the Charter. 

The
choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with Mobix Labs or its directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against Mobix Labs and its directors,
officers, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in the Charter to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, Mobix Labs may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which
could harm its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 

Mobix
Labs is subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware corporation that is listed
on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders from engaging in a business combination 
with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder,
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner as summarized below. A business combination includes,
among other things, certain mergers, asset or stock sales or other transactions together resulting in a financial benefit to the interested
stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within
three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock.
Under Section 203 of the DGCL, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies
one of the following conditions: 

before
the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination
or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
the consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of
determining the voting stock outstanding those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans,
in some instances; or 

at
or after the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the business combination was approved by the board of directors of
the corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 of
the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Under
certain circumstances, Section 203 of the DGCL will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder 
to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested
in acquiring Mobix Labs to negotiate in advance with the Board because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if the Board
approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. Section
203 of the DGCL also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions
which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

The
Bylaws provide that Mobix Labs directors and officers will be indemnified and advanced expenses by Mobix Labs to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law. In addition, the Charter provides that Mobix Labs directors and officers will not be liable to Mobix
Labs or its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors and officers, except to the extent such
exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. 

The
Bylaws will also permit Mobix Labs to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any director, officer, employee or agent of Mobix
Labs for any liability arising out of his or her status as such, regardless of whether the DGCL would permit indemnification. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against Mobix Labs directors or officers for breach of their fiduciary
duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even
though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit Mobix Labs and its stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent Mobix Labs pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant
to these indemnification and advancement provisions. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to Mobix Labs directors, officers and controlling
persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore unenforceable. 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 ex19-1.htm

Exhibit 19.1 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-278709) of Mobix Labs, Inc. of our
report dated December 23, 2024 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Irvine, California 
December 23, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULE
13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Fabrizio Battaglia, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 of Mobix Labs, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does
 not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
 of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
 and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying
 officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
 for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying
 officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
 or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 23, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Fabrizio Battaglia 

Fabrizio Battaglia 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULE
13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Keyvan Samini, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 of Mobix Labs, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does
 not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
 of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
 and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying
 officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
 for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying
 officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
 or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 23, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Keyvan Samini 

Keyvan Samini 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mobix Labs, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on
the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: December 23, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Fabrizio Battaglia 

Fabrizio Battaglia 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mobix Labs, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on
the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: December 23, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Keyvan Samini 

Keyvan Samini 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 mobx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 mobx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 mobx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 mobx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

