<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241230_10-K_edgar_data_1591565_0001640334-24-001950.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1743873</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73992</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>388331</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>439044</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>318207</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>490588</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-24-001950.hdr.sgml : 20241230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241230151838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-24-001950
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BALLY, CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001591565
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-BUILDING MATERIALS, HARDWARE, GARDEN SUPPLY [5200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				800917804
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-192387
		FILM NUMBER:		241589413

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		986 DONGFANG RD
		STREET 2:		ONE HUNDRED SHANSHAN BLDG 25TH FL,
		CITY:			PUDONG SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			414
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 13818333008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		986 DONGFANG RD
		STREET 2:		ONE HUNDRED SHANSHAN BLDG 25TH FL,
		CITY:			PUDONG SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-24-001950.txt : 20241230

10-K
 1
 blyq_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

blyq_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to ______________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , , Zhejiang, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on March 31, 2024, was based on a 0.24 average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 30, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Page ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 6 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 6 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 6 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 6 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 6 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 6 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 7 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 7 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 7 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 10 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA F-1 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 11 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 11 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 12 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 12 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 13 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 15 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 16 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 17 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 18 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 19 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 19 SIGNATURES 20 2 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this current report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us and our mean Bally, Corp., unless otherwise indicated. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Overview We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 13, 2013. From inception, it was our intent to import small farming, household gardening and general small tools directly from manufacturers and market to consumers in the Republic of India. Management of our company is currently evaluating our future strategic business plans. Changes in Control April 4, 2018 Pursuant to a stock purchase agreement (the Agreement ), effective as of April 4, 2018, by and among Aureas Capital Co Ltd, Chen Yi-Dou, Ming-Chun Lung, NYJJ Investments, Ti-Jung Chen, Yi-Fang Lin and Zhiqing Wu (together, the Sellers and Haiping Hu (the Purchaser ), the Sellers sold an aggregate of 9,797,600 shares of Common Stock of our company, to the Purchaser for cash consideration of 360,000 from personal funds of the Purchaser (the Transaction ). Of the net proceeds, 7,500 have been held back in escrow for the payment of past due taxes. Following consummation of the Transaction on April 4, 2018, the Purchaser holds 99.5 of the voting securities of our company, based on 9,850,000 shares issued and outstanding as at that date. The Transaction resulted in a change in control of our Company. In connection with the Transaction, Kong Nguan Hong, the sole officer and director of the Company, resigned from all of his officer positions with our company, including Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, effective immediately upon the consummation of the Transaction, and remained a director of our company until April 16, 2018, which date was ten (10) days following the date on which our company filed a Schedule 14F-1 with the SEC and mailed same to the holders of record of our company, in connection with the Transaction. Changes in Control January 12, 2024 On January 12, 2024, the majority shareholders of the Company sold 9,797,600 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, representing 99.5 of the Company s total outstanding shares of Common Stock, to eight buyers in a private agreement. Following consummation of the sale, the buyers collectively own 99.5 of the Company s outstanding voting securities, resulting in a change in control of the Company. In connection with the change in control, Haiping Hu, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and sole director, has tendered his resignation from all of his officer positions with the Company and as the sole director, which resignation became effective ten days after the mailing of the Schedule 14F-1 (the Effective Date filed with the SEC and mailed on January 18, 2024. 4 Table of Contents Shitong Li was appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, effective as of the Effective Date. In addition, the Board has appointed Kaichen Zheng as the sole director to fill the vacancy created following and simultaneously as the effectiveness of Haiping Hu s resignation. Our address after this change in control is Room 401, Building 2, Qianwan Zhigu, Weishijiu Road Ningwei Street, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China. Our telephone number is +86 182 5883 0915. We do not have any subsidiaries. We do not have a corporate website. We have not ever declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. Our Current Business We are currently seeking new business opportunities with established business entities for merger with or acquisition of a target business. In certain instances, a target business may wish to become our subsidiary or may wish to contribute assets to us rather than merge. We have not yet entered into any definitive agreements for potential new business opportunities, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into any definitive agreements. Any new acquisition or business opportunities that we may acquire will require additional financing. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to acquire the financing necessary to enable us to pursue our plan of operation. If our company requires additional financing and we are unable to acquire such funds, our business may fail. Management of our company believes that there are benefits to being a reporting company with a class of securities quoted on the OTC Markets, such as: (i) the ability to use registered securities to acquire assets or businesses; (ii) increased visibility in the financial community; (iii) the facilitation of borrowing from financial institutions; (iv) potentially improved trading efficiency; (v) potential stockholder liquidity; (vi) potentially greater ease in raising capital subsequent to an acquisition; (vii) potential compensation of key employees through stock awards or options; (viii) potentially enhanced corporate image; and (ix) a presence in the United States capital market. We may seek a business opportunity with entities that have recently commenced operations, or entities who wish to utilize the public marketplace in order to raise additional capital in order to expand business development activities, to develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes. We may acquire assets and establish wholly owned subsidiaries in various businesses or acquire existing businesses as subsidiaries. In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition or opportunity, we may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or licensing agreement with another corporation or entity. We may also acquire stock or assets of an existing business. As of the date hereof, we have not entered into any formal written agreements for a business combination or opportunity. When any such agreement is reached, we intend to disclose such an agreement by filing a current report on Form 8-K. We anticipate that the selection of a business opportunity in which to participate will be complex and without certainty of success. Business opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Business opportunities that we believe are in the best interests of our company may be scarce, or we may be unable to obtain the ones that we want. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to locate compatible business opportunities. 5 Table of Contents Currently, we do not have a source of revenue. We are not able to fund our cash requirements through our current operations. We have been reliant on loans by affiliated and non-affiliated parties to provide financial contributions and services to keep our company operating. Further, we believe that our company may have difficulties raising capital from other sources until we locate a prospective merger candidate through which we can pursue our plan of operation. If we are unable to secure adequate capital to continue our acquisition efforts, our shareholders may lose some or all of their investment and our business may fail. We currently have no written or oral agreement from our majority shareholders to continue to provide financial contributions. Research and Development We have incurred Nil in research and development expenditures over the last two fiscal years. Intellectual Property We do not currently have any intellectual property. Employees Our company has no employees. Our sole director and sole officer are both donating their time to the development of our company, and intend to do whatever work is necessary to bring us to the point of earning revenues. We estimate that our sole officer and sole director will be able to complete their required work and complete whatever work is necessary by spending 20 hours per week respectively without lending our company additional funds. If this is not the case and additional time and funds will be required, then they are both willing to commit additional time and funds although they have no commitment or contractual obligation to do so. We have no other employees, and do not foresee hiring any additional employees in the near future. We will be engaging independent contractors to design and develop our website and manage our internet marketing efforts. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not Applicable. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY The Company has cloud-based security, and their computers and servers are fire walled. In addition, the Company does not allow virtual log-in on their computers. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our principal executive is currently located at Room 401, Building 2, Qianwan Zhigu, Weishijiu Road Ningwei Street, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation, and to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party and which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our company. To date, our company has never been involved in litigation, as either a party or a witness, nor has our company been involved in any legal proceedings commenced by any regulatory agency against our company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, under the symbol BLYQ . Our stock was approved for quotation on the OTC Markets on November 20, 2014. However, our stock only started trading on October 22, 2018. There is no established current public market for the shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that a liquid market for our securities will ever develop. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue-sky laws of various states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. Our shares are issued in registered form. Globex Transfer, LLC, 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, FL 32725 (Telephone: (813) 34-4490) is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. On December 30, 2024, the shareholders list showed 41 registered shareholders with 9,850,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Dividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Equity Compensation Plan Information We do not have any equity compensation plans. Recent Sales of unregistered securities We did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended September 30, 2024 that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended September 30, 2024. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 7 Table of Contents Results of Operations Years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which are included herein. Our operating results for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the changes between those years for the respective items are summarized as follows: Years Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue - - - General and administrative 75,191 35,385 39,806 Net loss 75,191 35,385 39,806 During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not have any revenues. Our financial statements report a net loss of 75,191 for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 35,385 for the year ended September 30, 2023, solely from operating expenses. Operating expenses consist of professional fees of 74,685 and 34,200, and other general and administrative expenses of 506 and 1,185 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table provides selected financial data about our company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Working Capital September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Changes Current Assets 28,641 6,750 21,891 Current Liabilities 281,164 184,082 97,082 Working Capital Deficiency 252,523 177,332 75,191 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, our total current assets were 28,641 and 6,750, respectively, which were all attributed to prepaid expenses. As of September 30, 2024, our current liabilities were 281,164 compared to 184,082 at September 30, 2023. Stockholders deficit was 252,523 as of September 30, 2024, compared to stockholders deficit of 177,332 as of September 30, 2023. The increase in current liabilities is primarily due to an increase in outstanding balance due to shareholders. During the year ended September 30, 2024, Haiping Hu (who was the Company s major shareholder and sole director and officer until change in control) made payments for operating expenses on behalf of the Company in the amount of 69,720 until change in control and the two new shareholders (Kaichen Zheng, also the current sole director and Shitong Li, also the current sole officer) made payments for operating expenses on behalf of the Company in the amount of 27,763 after change in control. 8 Table of Contents Pursuant to the change in control on January 12, 2024, Haiping Hu, the Company s prior shareholder and sole director and officer assigned the outstanding balance due from the Company through the change of control in the amount of 252,213 to the two new shareholders (Kaichen Zheng and Shitong Li) by 50 each. Cash Flows Years Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities - - Net cash used in investing activities - - Net cash provided by financing activities - - Net change in cash - - Operating Activities The Company did not use any funds for operating activities during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. During the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company s prior shareholder and sole director and officer advanced to the Company an amount of 69,720 and 40,997, respectively by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company. During the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company s current shareholders advanced to the Company an amount of 27,763 and 0, respectively by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company. Investing Activities The Company did not use any funds for investing activities during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Financing Activities The Company did not have any funds provided by financing activities during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Limited Operating History; Need for Additional Capital There is no historical financial information about us on which to base an evaluation of our performance. We have generated no revenues from operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in developing our website, and possible cost overruns due to the price and cost increases in supplies and services. At present, we do not have enough cash on hand to cover operating costs for the next 12 months. If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from either our operations, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue, develop, or expand our operations. We have no plans to undertake any product research and development during the next twelve months. There are also no plans or expectations to acquire or sell any plant or plant equipment in the next year of operations. 9 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had no cash, and our current assets were 28,641. As of September 30, 2024, our current liabilities were 281,164, and our stockholders deficit was 252,523. We do not have sufficient funds to operate it for the next twelve months. We have to issue debt or equity or enter into a strategic arrangement with a third party in order to finance our operations. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us. We currently have no agreements, arrangements or understandings with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. Going Concern For the year ended September 30, 2024, our company had a net loss of 75,191 and has earned no revenues. In addition, the Company had a working capital deficiency of 252,523 and an accumulated deficit of 431,903 at September 30, 2024. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The continuing operations of the Company are dependent upon its ability to continue to raise adequate financing, shareholder loans and to commence profitable operations in the future and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations as they become due. Our only source of cash at this time is investment by our new shareholders. We must raise cash to stay in business. Our company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending September 30, 2025. The ability of our company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of our business plan. We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. We believe there are no material estimates or assumptions with levels of subjectivity and judgement necessary to be considered critical accounting policies. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 10 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA BALLY, CORP. INDEX TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND 2023 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Bally, Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bally, Corp. (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has not generated any revenues since inception. The Company had a net loss of 75,191 for the year ended September 30, 2024, a working capital deficiency of 252,523 and an accumulated deficit of 431,903 as of September 30, 2024. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters for current period. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. December 30, 2024 F-2 Table of Contents BALLY, CORP. Balance Sheets September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Liabilities: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Due to shareholders Total Current Liabilities and Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents BALLY, CORP. Statements of Operations Years Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue Expenses: General and administrative Total expenses Loss before income tax provision Income tax provision Net loss Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents BALLY, CORP. Statements of Stockholders Deficit For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Additional Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance September 30, 2022 - Net loss for the year - - Balance September 30, 2023 - Net loss for the year - - Balance September 30, 2024 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents BALLY, CORP. Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Shareholder advances funding operations Accounts payable Net Cash used in Operating Activities Net change in cash Cash - beginning of year Cash - end of year Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: Assignment due to prior shareholder to new shareholders and officer The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents BALLY, CORP Notes to the Financial Statements For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 shares of common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), representing 99.5 of the Company s total outstanding shares of Common Stock, to eight buyers in a private agreement. Following consummation of the sale, the buyers collectively own 99.5 of the Company s outstanding voting securities, resulting in a change in control of the Company. In connection with the change in control, Haiping Hu, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and sole director, has tendered his resignation from all of his officer positions with the Company and as the sole director, which resignation became effective ten days after the mailing of the Schedule 14F-1 (the Effective Date filed with the SEC and mailed on January 18, 2024. The Company s Board of Directors the Board appointed Shitong Li as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, effective as of the Effective Date. In addition, the Board appointed Kaichen Zheng as the sole director to fill the vacancy created following and simultaneously as the effectiveness of Haiping Hu s resignation. Use of estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Financial Instruments F-7 Table of Contents Concentrations of Credit Risks Income Taxes F-8 Table of Contents Related Party Balances and Transactions Recent Accounting Pronouncements for the year ended September 30, 2024, a working capital deficiency of and an accumulated deficit of as of September 30, 2024. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The continuing operations of the Company are dependent upon its ability to continue to raise adequate financing, shareholder loans and to commence profitable operations in the future and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations as they become due. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for future periods. We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. and annual business license fee for the NATCO ), and (ii) advanced payments for the professional advisory fees for filling Form 211 which was not filed as of September 30, 2024 ). F-9 Table of Contents Change in valuation allowance Income tax expense The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to the Company s net deferred tax assets are as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately of net operating losses NOL ), generated from January 12, 2024 to September 30, 2024, carried forward to offset taxable income in future years. These NOLs can be carryforward indefinitely. Due to a change in control, the Company will not be able to carryover of NOL generated before January 12, 2024 to offset future income. A valuation allowance has been established for our deferred tax assets as their use is dependent on the generation of sufficient future taxable income, which cannot be predicted at this time. As of September 30, 2024, we had no material unrecognized tax benefits and no adjustments to liabilities or operations were required. No interest and penalties have been recognized by us to date. Our net operating loss carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and are subject to certain limitations in the event of cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders over a three-year period in excess of . . The assigned balance is unsecured, non-interest-bearing and due on demand. During the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company s prior shareholder and sole director and officer advanced to the Company an amount of and , respectively by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company. During the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company s current shareholders advanced to the Company an amount of and , respectively by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company. F-10 Table of Contents , which is unsecured, non-interest-bearing and due on demand. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was obligated to the current shareholders for a total balance of (including assigned balance of from prior shareholder), which is unsecured, non-interest-bearing and due on demand. Kaichen Zheng, a current major shareholder and sole director, and Shitong Li, a current major shareholder and sole officer, each have a balance of as of September 30, 2024. authorized preferred shares with a par value of per share. There were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. Common Stock The Company has authorized common shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. F-11 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the material weaknesses discussed below. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for the preparation of our financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that the financial statements present fairly, in material respects, our financial position and results of operations in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, an ineffective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Under the supervision of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and subsequent guidance prepared by the Commission specifically for smaller public companies as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2024 because it identified the following material weakness: Material Weakness - The Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because we lacked a sufficient complement of personnel with a level of accounting expertise and an adequate supervisory review structure that is commensurate with our financial reporting requirements, nor allowed for adequate segregation of duties. 11 Table of Contents A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We expect to be materially dependent upon third parties to provide us with accounting consulting services for the foreseeable future which we believe mitigates the impact of the material weaknesses discussed above. Until such time as we have a chief financial officer with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP and establish an audit committee and implement internal controls and procedures, there are no assurances that the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures will not result in errors in our financial statements which could lead to a restatement of those financial statements. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report on internal control over financial reporting in this annual report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 12 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: Name Position Held with the Company Date First Elected or Appointed Shitong Li (1) Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 34 January 18, 2024 Kaichen Zheng (2) Director 38 January 18, 2024 Haiping Hu (3) Former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 57 April 4, 2018 (1) Shitong Li was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary on January 18, 2024 effective upon change in control. (2) Kaichen Zheng was appointed as Director on January 18, 2024 effective upon change in control. (3) In connection with the change in control, Haiping Hu, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director, has tendered his resignation from all of his officer positions with the Company and as the sole director, which resignation became effective ten days after the mailing of the Schedule 14F-1 (the Effective Date filed with the SEC and mailed on January 18, 2024. Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. Shitong Li - Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary Mr. Shitong Li has been serving as Chief Executive Officer of Hangzhou Zhigu Digital Energy Technology Co., Ltd. since 2021. From January 2017 to February 2021, Mr. Li served as the general manager of Chuangrong Payment Co., Ltd. Mr. Li obtained his bachelor s degree in logistics management from Zhengzhou University. Our company believes that Mr. Li s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as an officer of our company. Kaichen Zheng Director Mr. Kaichen Zheng has been serving as the president of Hangzhou Zhigu Digital Energy Technology Co., Ltd. since March 2021. From June 2019 to February 2021, Mr. Zheng served as the general manger of Jinan Xiantou Management Consulting Co., Ltd. From January 2018 to May 2019, Mr. Zheng served as the head of industrial development department of Jinan Xianxing Investment Group Co., Ltd. From January 2013 to December 2017, Mr. Zheng served as the deputy general manager of Shaanxi Culture Technology Group Co., Ltd. From May 2010 to December 2012, Mr. Zheng served as the marketing director of Shanghai Tanghetang Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Mr. Zheng obtained his bachelor s degree in environmental art design from Xinyang Normal University. Our company believes that Mr. Zheng s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director of our company. Haiping Hu - Former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director. Mr. Hu has been serving as president of Global Mentor Board (Beijing) IT Co. Ltd since 2015. In addition, from 2012 until 2015, Mr. Hu served as the president and CEO of Shanshan Commodities Group Corporation. Mr. Hu obtained his bachelor s degree in process automation and his master s degree in chemical engineering from Zhejiang University. Our company believes that Mr. Hu s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as the sole officer and director of our company before change in control. Term of Officer Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. We have not compensated our directors for service on our Board of Directors, any committee thereof, or reimbursed for expenses incurred for attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors and/or any committee of our Board of Directors. Officers are appointed annually by our Board of Directors and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors. We do not have any standing committees. Our Board of Directors may in the future determine to pay Directors fees and reimburse Directors for expenses related to their activities. Employment Agreements There are no formal employment agreements with our officers and directors. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. Involvement in certain legal proceedings. None of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any of the following events during the past 10 years: any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 13 Table of Contents being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Our common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(1) of the Exchange Act. Code of Ethics We have not adopted the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Board and Committee Meetings Our Board of Directors held no formal meetings during the year ended September 30, 2024. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. Nomination Process As of September 30, 2024, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our Board of Directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not have a standing audit committee as we currently have limited working capital and minimal revenues. Should we be able to raise sufficient funding to execute our business plan, we will form an audit, compensation committee and other applicable committees utilizing our directors expertise. Audit Committee Financial Expert We do not currently have a director who is qualified to act as the head of the audit committee. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer (the Company has no other executive officers) SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Shitong Li (1) 2024 - - - - - - - - CEO, CFO, and Secretary 2023 - - - - - - - - Haiping Hu (2) 2024 - - - - - - - - Former CEO, CFO, Secretary, and Director 2023 - - - - - - - - (1) Mr. Li was appointed as CEO, CFO, and Secretary on January 18, 2024 (2) Mr. Hu resigned as CEO, CFO, Secretary and as a director on January 18, 2024. There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. Grants of Plan-Based Awards During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 we did not grant any stock options. Option Exercises and Stock Vested During our fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 there were no options exercised by our named officers. Compensation of Directors We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. No compensation was paid to non-employee directors for the year ended September 30, 2024. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth, as of December 30, 2024, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common and preferred shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common and preferred shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common and preferred stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common and preferred stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) Named Executive Officers and Directors: Shitong Li No.10, Xiaoli Village, Baofeng County, Henan Province, Daying Town, 467492, CH 2,449,400 Common / Direct 24.87 Kaichen Zheng Qianzheng Village, Jiaomiao Town, Qihe County, Shandong Province, 251120, CH 2,547,376 Common /Direct 25.86 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 4,996,776 Common 50.73 Other Stockholder more than 5 Yilan Chen No. 752, Toogou Village, Wulian County, Shandong, Jiejie Town, 262308, CH 1,469,640 Common /Direct 14.92 Huanan Xu Room 903, Unit 2, Building 11, Huayuanli, Deqing County, Zhejiang Province, Yuyue Town, 313213, CH 979,760 Common /Direct 9.95 Baodong Shen No.53, Group 8, North Committee, Shangzhi City, Heilongjiang Province, Maoershan Town, 150611, CH 965,064 Common /Direct 9.80 Other Stockholders Nini Liu Room 401, Unit 1, Building 17, Wangfu Garden, No 7 Neighborhood Committee, Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, Wulan Town, Etuoke Banner, CH 484,981 Common / Family relation with Director 4.92 (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on December 30, 2024. As of December 30, 2024, there were 9,850,000 shares of our company s common stock issued and outstanding. 16 Table of Contents Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. There are not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our company. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Unless described below, during the last two fiscal years, there were no transactions or series of similar transactions to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: the amounts involved exceed or will exceed 120,000; and any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. Related Party Transactions In support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it may rely on advances from related parties until such a time that the Company can support its operations or attain adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. There is no formal written commitment for continued support by shareholders or directors. Shareholders amounts represent advances or amounts paid on behalf of the Company in satisfaction of liabilities. The advances were considered temporary in nature and were not formalized by promissory notes. Pursuant to shares transaction dated January 12, 2024 (see Note 1), the Company s prior shareholder and sole director and officer (Haiping Hu) assigned the outstanding balance due from the Company through the change of control in the amount of 252,213 to two new shareholders (Kaichen Zheng, also the current sole director and Shitong Li, also the current sole officer) by 50 each. The assigned balance is unsecured, non-interest-bearing and due on demand. During the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company s prior shareholder and sole director and officer advanced to the Company an amount of 69,720 and 40,997, respectively by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company. During the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company s current shareholders advanced to the Company an amount of 27,763 and 0, respectively by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company. As of September 30, 2023, the Company was obligated to the prior shareholder and sole director and officer for a balance of 182,493, which is unsecured, non-interest-bearing and due on demand. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was obligated to the current shareholders for a total balance of 279,976 (including assigned balance of 252,213 from prior shareholder), which is unsecured, non-interest-bearing and due on demand. Kaichen Zheng, a current major shareholder and sole director, and Shitong Li, a current major shareholder and sole officer, each have a balance of 139,988 as of September 30, 2024. Director Independence We currently act with one director, Kaichen Zheng. We have determined that we do not have an independent director, as that term is used in Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Rules of National Association of Securities Dealers. Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our audit committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and for fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Fee Category Year Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Audit Fees 27,500 25,400 Audit-Related Fees - - All Other Fees - - Tax Fees - - Total Fees 27,500 25,400 Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 18 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description (31) Rule 13a-14 (d)/15d-14d) Certifications 31.1/31.2 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1/32.2 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 101 Interactive Data File 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. ____________ Filed herewith. Furnished herewith ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 19 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. BALLY, CORP. Dated: December 30, 2024 By: /s/ Shitong Li Shitong Li Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: December 30, 2024 By: /s/ Shitong Li Shitong Li Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 blyq_ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1/31.2
 
 blyq_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1/31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Shitong Li, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BALLY CORP.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the certifying officer I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. As the certifying officer I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: December 30, 2024 /s/ Shitong Li Shitong Li Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 blyq_ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1/32.2
 
 blyq_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1/32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of BALLY CORP., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report Haiping Hu, President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Dated: December 30, 2024 /s/ Shitong Li Shitong Li Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 blyq-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 blyq-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 blyq-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 blyq-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

