<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241226_10-K_edgar_data_2000410_0001213900-24-112074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3962387</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>269254</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>941165</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>769410</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>882599</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1018488</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-112074.hdr.sgml : 20241226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241223190034
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-112074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eureka Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002000410
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42152
		FILM NUMBER:		241575294

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 1608, 16TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		FORTRESS TOWER, 250 KING'S ROAD
		CITY:			NORTH POINT
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			0000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 949 899 1827

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 1608, 16TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		FORTRESS TOWER, 250 KING'S ROAD
		CITY:			NORTH POINT
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			0000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-112074.txt : 20241226

10-K
 1
 ea0224344-10k_eureka.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
No 

At March 29, 2024, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the Class A ordinary shares of the registrant had not been trading on
Nasdaq. 

As of December 23, 2024, there were 7,645,500
ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively. 

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 11 

Item 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 11 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 11 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 11 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 11 

PART II 

12 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 12 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 13 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 13 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 16 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 17 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 17 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 17 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 18 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 18 

PART III 

19 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 19 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 25 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 26 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 27 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 29 

PART IV 

30 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 30 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 31 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

References to the Company, 
 our Company, our, us or we refer to Eureka Acquisition Corp, a blank check company
incorporated on June 13, 2023 as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities,
which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. References to the Sponsor 
refer to Hercules Capital Management Corp. References to equity-linked securities are to any securities of the Company which
are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of the Company, including any securities issued by the Company
which are pledged to secure any obligation of any holder to purchase equity securities of the Company. References to the SEC 
are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. References to our initial public offering refer to our initial public
offering, which closed on July 3, 2024. References to public shares are to shares of our Class A ordinary shares sold as
part of the units in our initial public offering. References to public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report or Annual Report may constitute forward looking statements 
for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our
or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future and the statements under Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position,
business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward looking statements.
The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, , plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. Forward looking statements in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account described below or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; or 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. 

The forward looking statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These
forward looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may
cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business Overview. 

We are a blank check exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
on June 13, 2023, for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business
will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location but will initially focus on Asia. We intend to utilize cash derived
from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the IPO ), our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and
debt, in effecting a business combination. We have not selected any target business for our initial business combination. 

Initial Public Offering and Private Placement 

On July 3, 2024, we consummated
our IPO of 5,000,000 units Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class
A Ordinary Share ), and one right (the Rights to receive one-fifth of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the completion
of the initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 50,000,000.
On July 3, 2024, substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 216,750 units (the Initial Private Units to our sponsor, Hercules Capital Management Corp (the Sponsor ),
at a purchase price of 10.00 per Initial Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 2,167,500. In connection with the offering
of the Units and the sale of Initial Private Units, the proceeds of 50,000,000 from the proceeds of the offering of the Units and the
sale of Initial Private Units were placed in the Trust Account (as defined below). 

On July 3, 2024, Maxim Group
LLC, the representative of the underwriters of the IPO (the Representative notified us of its exercise of the over-allotment
option in full to purchase additional 750,000 Units of the Company (the Over-Allotment Option ). On July 8, 2024, additional
750,000 Units were sold to the Representative at an offering price of 10.00 per unit (the Option Units and together with
the Units, collectively, the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. Simultaneously with the issuance and
sale of the Option Units, the Company completed a private placement sale of additional 11,250 units (the Additional Private Units 
and together with the Initial Private Units, collectively, the Private Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00
per Additional Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 112,500. 

In connection with the IPO and the sale of the Option Units, the Company
issued a total of 230,000 Class A Ordinary Shares (the Representative Shares to the Representative. 

The proceeds of 57,500,000
from the IPO, the sale of the Option Units and the sales of Private Units, were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the benefit of our public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee. 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement that are held out of the Trust
Account, although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination
and working capital. 

Since our IPO, our sole
business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We presently have no revenue and have
had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs. We have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from
the Sponsor and other parties to fund our operations. 

The Class A Ordinary Shares
and Rights are trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols EURK and EURKR, 
respectively. Public Units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol EURKU . Holders of Public Units
will need to have their brokers contact the Company s transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to
separate the holders Public Units into Class A Ordinary Shares and Rights. 

1 

Competitive Advantages 

We seek to create compelling
shareholder value through the extensive experience and demonstrated success of our management team (in particular, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman) in investing in, operating and transforming businesses, with a particular combination of competitive advantages
such as: 

Leadership of an Experienced Management Team and Board
of Directors 

Our management team is led
by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors, Dr. Fen Zhang, our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Zhechen Wang,
and our Independent Directors, Dr. M. Anthony Wong, Ms. Lauren Simmons and Mr. Kevin McKenzie. Our management team has an extensive
track record of creating value for shareholders by acquiring strong businesses at disciplined valuations, investing in growth while fostering
financial discipline and ultimately improving financial results. Our team consists of experienced investment banking, financial services
and capital market professionals and senior operating executives of companies in multiple jurisdictions. We believe we will benefit from
their accomplishments, and specifically their current activities in the Asian market, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. 

Established Deal Sourcing Network 

We believe our management
team s strong track record will provide us with access to high quality companies. In addition, we believe we, through our management
team, have contacts and sources from which to generate acquisition opportunities and possibly seek complementary follow-on business arrangements.
These contacts and sources include private equity and venture capital sponsors, family offices, executives of public and private companies,
merger and acquisition advisory firms, investment banks, capital markets desks, lenders and other financial intermediaries. 

Status as a Publicly Listed Acquisition Company 

We believe our structure will
make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we will offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering process. We believe that some target businesses will favor this alternative,
which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution, than the traditional initial public offering process.
During an initial public offering, there are typically underwriting fees and marketing expenses, which would be costlier than a business
combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders (if applicable) and the transaction
is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we
believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
aligned with shareholders interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs. 

With respect to the foregoing
examples and descriptions, past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business
combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination.
Potential investors should not rely upon the historical record of our management as indicative of future performance. 

Acquisition Strategies 

We will seek to capitalize
on the strength of our management team. Our team consists of experienced investment banking, financial services and capital market professionals
and senior operating executives of companies in multiple jurisdictions. Collectively, our officers and directors have decades of experience
in mergers and acquisitions and operating companies. We believe we will benefit from their accomplishments, and specifically, their current
activities, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, there is no assurance that we will complete a business combination.
Our officers and directors have no prior experience consummating a business combination for a blank check company. We believe
that we will add value to these businesses primarily by providing them with access to the U.S. capital markets. 

2 

There is no restriction in
the geographic location of targets we can pursue, although we intend to initially prioritize Asia. In particular, we intend to focus our
search for an initial business combination on private companies in Asia that have compelling economics and clear paths to positive operating
cash flow, significant assets, and successful management teams that are seeking access to the U.S. public capital markets. We may
consummate a business combination with an entity located in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Acquisition Criteria 

Our management team intends
to focus on creating shareholder value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing of businesses to improve
the efficiency of operations while implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions. In addition to the
factors listed above, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these
criteria and guidelines should we see justification to do so. 

Resilient Business Model. We intend
to seek target companies that have a resilient business model. Such companies are better positioned to adapt to changing market conditions
and consumer preferences, which could provide a competitive advantage. 

Industry Leadership with Sustainable Competitive Advantage. We
expect to focus on companies that are or have the potential to become leaders in its verticals. We will look for companies with higher
operating efficiency, stronger brand recognition, broader distribution channels or any other characteristic that enable the company to
achieve long-term competitive proposition. 

Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We
will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination
of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions
resulting in increased operating leverage. We expect such businesses to provide promising risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company. We
intend to acquire a business or businesses with organic and inorganic growth potential that can benefit from being publicly traded and
effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

This criteria does not intend
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that the Sponsor and management team may deem relevant.
In the event that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to
our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would
file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to
at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive
agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm. We
do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. 

3 

We have until July 3, 2025
to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination
by July 3, 2025, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each time by an additional three months
(up to January 3, 2026 to complete a business combination) (the Combined Period without submitting such proposed extensions
to our shareholders for approval or offering our public shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith. Pursuant to the terms
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 2, 2024 between
us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business
combination, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit
into the Trust Account 575,000 on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate
of 1,150,000) (the Extension Fee ). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest
bearing and either be payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to us, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private placement
units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the Extension Units . If we do not complete
a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the Trust Account, and only to the extent available. The Sponsor
and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business
combination. Up to 1,500,000 of the loans made by the Sponsor, our officers and directors, or our or their affiliates to us prior to
or in connection with our initial business combination (the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units, at a price
of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination (the
 Working Capital Units , in addition to the convertible notes in connection with the potential extensions. The Extension
Units and Working Capital Units would be identical to the Private
Units. 

If we are unable to consummate
an initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of interest that may be used
by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption
price to be approximately 10.00 per public share (regardless of whether or not the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option)
(subject to increase of up to an additional 0.20 per share in the event that our Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination by the full six months), without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot
assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors, which may take priority over the
claims of our public shareholders. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the
post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than
one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

4 

Potential Legal and Operational Risks Associated
with Acquiring a Company that does Business in China 

Although we currently do not
have any PRC subsidiary or China operations, certain of our executive officers and directors are located in, or have significant ties
to, China, which may make us a less attractive partner to potential target companies outside the PRC than a non-PRC related SPAC. As
a result, we are more likely to acquire a company based in China through subsidiaries and variable interest entities in an initial business
combination. If we decide to consummate our initial business combination with a target business based in and primarily operating in China,
the combined company may face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties after the business combination. In order to reduce
or limit such risks, we will not consider or undertake an initial business combination with any company which financial statements are
audited by an accounting firm that the PCAOB is unable to inspect for two consecutive years. Accordingly, this may limit the pool
of acquisition candidates we may acquire in China due in part to PRC laws and regulations against foreign ownership and investment in
certain assets and industries, known as restricted industries, including, but not limited to, value added telecommunications services
(except for e-commerce, domestic multiparty communications, store-and-forward services and call centers). Further, due to (i) the
risks associated with acquiring and operating a business in the PRC and/or Hong Kong and (ii) the fact that certain of our executive
officers and directors are located in or have significant ties to China, it may make a us a less attractive partner to certain potential
target businesses, including non-China- or non-Hong Kong-based target companies and may also make it more difficult for us to consummate
a business combination with a PRC- or Hong Kong-based target business. 

In the event that we determine
to pursue a business combination target company based in China or Hong Kong, we may become subject to legal and operational risks
because the Sponsor operates in China and our executive officers and directors are located in or have significant ties to China resulting
from PRC laws and regulations that are sometimes vague and uncertain, and which may therefore, present risks that may result in a material
change in its principal operations in China, significantly depreciation of the value of the combined company s securities, or materially
hinder or prevent the offering of securities by the combined company to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless. The PRC government has significant authority to exert influence on the ability of a China-based company to conduct
its business, make or accept foreign investments or list on a U.S. stock exchange. For example, if we enter into a business combination
with a target business operating in China, the combined company may face risks associated with regulatory approvals of the proposed business
combination between us and the target, offshore offerings, anti-monopoly regulatory actions, cybersecurity and data privacy, as well as
the potential lack of PCAOB inspection of its auditors or the auditors of the target business. In addition, the combined company may be
subject to legal and operational risks associated with having substantially all of its operations in China, including risks related to
the legal, political and economic polies of the Chines government, the relations between China and the United States, or PRC or United States
regulations, which risks could have a material adverse effect on the combined company s operations and the value of the securities
of the combined company. 

The PRC government has recently
published new policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule
out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding any industry that could adversely affect our
potential business combination with a PRC operating business and the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined
company. 

The PRC government also recently
initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and
expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. For example, according to the New Measures effective on February 15, 2022, network
platform operators with personal information of more than one million users must apply for cyber security review to the Cyber Security
Review Office when they go public abroad, and accordingly these companies may not be willing to list on a U.S. stock exchange or
enter into a definitive business combination agreement with us. If we enter into a business combination with a target business operating
in China, the combined company may face risks associated with regulatory approvals of the proposed business combination between us and
the target, offshore offerings, anti-monopoly regulatory actions, and cybersecurity and data privacy. The PRC government may also intervene
with or influence the combined company s operations as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal
goals. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could make it more difficult and costly for us to consummate a business combination
with a target business operating in China, result in material changes in the combined company s post-combination operations and
cause the value of the combined company s securities to significantly decline, or in extreme cases, become worthless or completely
hinder the combined company s ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors. 

5 

If we acquire a company based
in China, to the extent that the combined company in the future seeks to fund the business through distribution, dividends or transfer
of funds among and between holding company and subsidiaries, any such transfer of funds within and among the subsidiaries will be subject
to PRC regulations. Specifically, investment in Chinese companies is governed by the Foreign Investment Law, the dividends and distributions
from a PRC subsidiary are subject to regulations and restrictions on dividends and payment to parties outside of China, and any transfer
of funds among the PRC subsidiaries are allowed under and subject to regulations on private lending. Additionally, the PRC government
may impose controls on the conversion of Renminbi into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. In order
for the combined company to pay dividends to its shareholders, the combined company will rely on payments made from the PRC subsidiaries
of the combined company and the distribution of such payments to the combined company as dividends from the PRC subsidiaries of the combined
company. If we are to acquire a China-based operating company, the dividends and distributions from a PRC subsidiary are subject to regulations
and restrictions on dividends and payment to parties outside of China and the combined company may experience difficulties in completing
the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from its subsidiaries, if any. 

Pursuant to the Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB
is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in (1) mainland China of the PRC
because of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region
and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB s report
identified the specific registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB
announced that PCAOB has secured complete access to inspect and investigate public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and
Hong Kong, and vacated previous determinations to the contrary. However, uncertainties exist with respect to the implementation of
this framework and there is no assurance that the PCAOB will be able to execute, in a timely manner, its future inspections and investigations
in a manner that satisfies the Protocol. Should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in
any way and at any point in the future the Board of PCAOB will act immediately to consider the need to issue a new determination.
Our auditor, Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, is a United States accounting firm based in New York City and is subject to regular inspection
by the PCAOB. Marcum Asia CPAs LLP is not headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong and was not identified in the Determination
Report as a firm subject to the PCAOB s determinations. As a special purpose acquisition company, our current business activities
only involve searching for targets and consummation of a business combination. 

In addition, we will affirmatively
exclude any target company the financial statements of which are audited by an accounting firm that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect
for two consecutive years at the time of our business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that we decide to
consummate our initial business combination with a target business based in or primarily operating in China, if there is any regulatory
change which prohibits the independent accountants from providing audit documentations located in mainland China or Hong Kong to
the PCAOB for inspection or investigation or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination Report so that the target company or the
combined company is subject to the HFCAA, as the same may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection which could
result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S capital markets and trading of our securities on a national securities exchange
or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. may be prohibited, under the HFCAA. On December 29, 2022, the President
signed the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which, among other things, amended the HFCAA to reduce the number of consecutive years
an issuer can be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer before the Commission must impose an initial trading prohibition on the
issuer s securities from three years to two years. Therefore, once an issuer is identified as a Commission-Identified
Issuer for two consecutive years, the Commission is required under the HCFAA to prohibit the trading of the issuer s securities
on a national securities exchange and in the over-the-counter market. If the combined company s auditor cannot be inspected by the
PCAOB for two consecutive years, the trading of the securities on any U.S. national securities exchanges, as well as any over-the-counter
trading in the U.S., will be prohibited. 

6 

Furthermore, there may be
difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing actions in China against us based on foreign
laws. Certain of our current executive officers and directors are located in, or have significant ties to, China. Also, if we decide to
consummate our initial business combination with a target business based in and primarily operating in China, it is possible that substantially
all or a significant portion of combined company s assets may be located outside of the United States and some of the combined
company s officers and directors may reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service
of process upon these officers and directors who reside outside of the United States. Even with effective service of process, it
may also be difficult to enforce in U.S. courts judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of
the U.S. federal securities laws against the officers and directors. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of
the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts against the officers and directors predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided
for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of
the PRC Civil Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on principles of reciprocity
between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other forms of written arrangement with the United States that provide
for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, the PRC courts
will not enforce a foreign judgment by us against the officers or directors or the future combined company if they decide that the judgment
violates the basic principles of PRC laws or national sovereignty, security, or the public interest. As a result, it is uncertain whether
and on what basis a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States. No PRC legal counsel had been retained
for purpose of the IPO and consequently the company did not rely on the advice of PRC counsel. The above discussion is based on our management s
understanding of the current PRC laws, rules, regulations and local market practices and we cannot assure you that our management s
understanding is correct. If we begin our business combination process with a China-based target, we expect to retain a PRC legal counsel
who will advise us and provide its opinion of counsel relating to the enforceability of civil liabilities and we cannot assure you that
the PRC legal counsel will reach the same conclusion as our management s assessment above. Furthermore, there would be added costs
and issues with bringing an original action in foreign courts against the combined company or the officers and directors to enforce liabilities
based upon the U.S. Federal securities laws, and they still may be fruitless. 

Potential Approvals from the PRC Governmental
Authorities for a Business Combination 

We are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for
purposes of consummating an initial business combination but will initially focus on Asia. Though we currently do not have any PRC subsidiary
or China operations, we may consummate our initial business combination with a target with principal operations in China (excluding any
target company the financial statements of which are audited by an accounting firm identified by the PCAOB in the Determination Report,
or that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect for two consecutive years and be subject to certain legal and operational risks associated
with its operations in the PRC. 

The Regulations on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the M A Rules ), adopted by six PRC regulatory agencies
in 2006, and amended in 2009, require an offshore special purpose vehicle formed for the purpose of an overseas listing of securities
in a PRC company to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s securities
on an overseas stock exchange. The scope of the M A Rules covers two types of transactions: (a) equity deals where the acquisition
by a foreign investor, i.e., the offshore special purpose vehicle, of equity in a PRC domestic company, and (b) asset
deals where the acquisition by an offshore special purpose vehicle of the assets of a PRC domestic company. Neither the
equity deals or the asset deals will be involved in our business combination process with a China-based target for the reason that the
offshore special purpose vehicle of such China-based target directly holds shares through the wholly foreign owned enterprise(s) or
WFOE, which are established by means of direct investment rather than by equity deals or asset deals under the M A Rules. To date,
the CSRC has not issued any definitive rules or interpretations concerning whether offerings such as the indirect listing of a China-based
entity as part of the business combination are subject to the CSRC approval procedures under the M A Rules. As a result, based on
our management s understanding of the current PRC laws, rules, regulations and local market practices, the CSRC s approval
under the M A Rules will not be required in the context of our business combination with a China-based target. However, substantial
uncertainty remains regarding the scope and applicability of the M A Rules to offshore special purpose vehicles and the above analysis
are subject to any new laws, rules and regulations or detailed implementation and interpretations in any form relating to the M A
Rules. We cannot assure you that relevant PRC governmental agencies, including the CSRC, would reach the same conclusion as we do. It
is possible that we may need to obtain approvals or permissions from CSRC in order for us to complete a business combination with a China-based
target pursuant to the M A Rules. If we are required to obtain such approvals, we cannot assure we will be able to receive them in
a timely manner, or at all. 

7 

In addition, on December 24,
2021, the CSRC released for public comments Provisions of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and
Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) and Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing
by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) (the Draft Rules ). The Draft Rules, if declared into effect, will implement a
new regulatory framework requiring Chinese businesses to file with CSRC when pursuing overseas listings. The Draft Rules propose a new
filing system for all Chinese companies (including the VIE-structured companies) that are pursuing listings outside mainland China. An
overseas listing is required to be filed with CSRC within three working days (i) following the submission of IPO application
in the case of an IPO (or similar application in the case of a dual listing on another market), or (ii) following the submission
of offering/registration applications (or following the first announcement of the transaction, as applicable) in the case of a SPAC listing
or back-door listing. It is our management s understanding that the Draft Rules, if enacted as it is, will subject
a China-based target to the new filing system if we decide to consummate our initial business combination with such target. The China-based
target and the combined company may be subject to additional compliance requirements in the future if a final rule is adopted with material
changes from the Draft Rules. Though we believe that none of the situations that would clearly prohibit overseas listing and offering
applies to us, we cannot assure you that we will be able to receive clearance of such filing requirements in a timely manner, or at all. 

On December 27, 2021,
the National Development and Reform Commission (the NDRC and the Ministry of Commerce (the MOFCOM promulgated
Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2021 Version), effective as of January 1, 2022
(the Negative List ). Compared to the previous version, there are no specific industries added to the list but, for the first
time, it declares China s jurisdiction over (and detailed regulatory requirements on) overseas listings made by Chinese businesses
in the so-called Prohibited Industries. According to Article 6 of the Negative List, domestic enterprises engaging
in businesses in which foreign investment is prohibited shall obtain approval from the relevant authorities before offering and listing
their shares on an overseas stock exchange. In addition, certain foreign investors shall not be involved in the operation or management
of the relevant enterprise, and shareholding percentage restrictions under relevant domestic securities investment management regulations
shall apply to such foreign investors. The intended scope of such jurisdiction was further clarified by NDRC officials on a press conference
held on January 18, 2022. 

On July 6, 2021, the
General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the
Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law (the Opinions ), which call for strengthened
regulation over illegal securities activities and supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and propose to take effective
measures, such as promoting the development of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed
companies. 

Uncertainties still exist
as to how the M A Rules could be interpreted or implemented in the future, and the Opinions stated above is subject to any new laws,
rules and regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations in any form relating to the M A Rules. 

Furthermore, pursuant to the
PRC Cybersecurity Law, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November 7, 2016
and took effect on June 1, 2017, personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure
operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases
internet products and services that affects or may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review by the CAC. In
April 2020, the CAC and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Measures for Cybersecurity Review, which requires
that operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which
do or may affect national security. On January 4, 2022, the CAC, in conjunction with 12 other government departments issued
the New Measures for Cybersecurity Review (the New Measures ). The New Measures amends the Measures for Cybersecurity Review
(Draft Revision for Comments) (the Draft Measures released on July 10, 2021 and came into effect on February 15,
2022. The New Measures include data processing activities of network platform operators that affect or may affect national security into
cybersecurity review and clarify that network platform operators with personal information of more than one million users must apply for
cybersecurity review to the Cybersecurity Review Office when they go public abroad. The PRC Data Security Law, which took effect on September 1,
2021, imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals that carry out data activities, provides for a national
security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on certain data and information.
On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the People s Congress promulgated the PRC Personal Information Protection Law
(the PIPL ), which is to take effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL sets out the regulatory framework for the handling
and protection of personal information and the transmission of personal information overseas. If our potential future target business
in China involves collecting and retaining internal or customer data, it is our management s understanding that such target business
might be subject to the relevant cybersecurity laws and regulations, including the PRC Cybersecurity Law and the PIPL as discussed above,
and that such target business needs to go through the cybersecurity review process before effecting a business combination if it is deemed
as a critical information infrastructure operator purchasing internet products and services that affects or may affect national security,
a network platform operator that affect or may affect national security, or a network platform operator with personal information of more
than one million users. Since the New Measures is new, the implementation and interpretation thereof are not yet clear. 

8 

No PRC legal counsel has been
retained by the Company. The above discussion is based on our management s understanding of the current PRC laws, rules, regulations
and local market practices and we cannot assure you that our management s understanding is correct. If we engage in our business
combination process with a China-based target, we expect to retain legal experts in the PRC and the U.S. that are experienced with
structuring offshore transactions with U.S. public companies. Additionally, we expect that the PRC legal expert will advise us and
provide its opinion of counsel relating to the approvals from the PRC Governmental Authorities for the business combination and we cannot
assure you that the PRC legal counsel will reach the same conclusion as our management s assessment above. We plan to consult with
PRC government officials when possible to assist us with complying with these structuring considerations and changing developments. 

Transfer of Cash to and from Our Post-Combination
Organization If We Acquire a Company Based in China (Post-Business Combination) 

We are a blank check company
with no subsidiaries and no operations of our own except searching for a suitable target to consummate an initial business combination.
As of the date of this annual report, no transfers, dividends, or distribution have been made by us. 

If we decide to consummate
our initial business combination with a target business based in and primarily operating in China, the combined company whose securities
will be listed on a U.S. stock exchange may make capital contributions or extend loans to its PRC subsidiaries through intermediate
holding companies subject to compliance with relevant PRC foreign exchange control regulations. After the business combination, the combined
company s ability to pay dividends, if any, to the shareholders and to service any debt it may incur will depend upon dividends
paid by its PRC subsidiaries. Under PRC laws and regulations, PRC companies are subject to certain restrictions with respect to paying
dividends or otherwise transferring any of their net assets to offshore entities. In particular, under the current PRC laws and regulations,
dividends may be paid only out of distributable profits. Distributable profits are the net profit as determined under Chinese accounting
standards and regulations, less any recovery of accumulated losses and appropriations to statutory and other reserves required to be made.
A PRC company is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year to fund certain statutory reserve funds (up to
an aggregate amount equal to half of its registered capital). As a result, the combined company s PRC subsidiaries may not have
sufficient distributable profits to pay dividends to the combined company. Furthermore, if certain procedural requirements are satisfied,
the payment in foreign currencies on current account items, including profit distributions and trade and service related foreign exchange
transactions, can be made without prior approval from State Administration of Foreign Exchange (the SAFE or its local branches.
However, where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses, such as the repayment
of loans denominated in foreign currencies, approval from or registration with competent government authorities or its authorized banks
is required. 

The PRC government may take
measures at its discretion from time to time to restrict access to foreign currencies for current account or capital account transactions.
If the foreign exchange control regulations prevent the PRC subsidiaries of the combined company from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies
to satisfy their foreign currency demands, the PRC subsidiaries of the combined company may not be able to pay dividends or repay loans
in foreign currencies to their offshore intermediary holding companies and ultimately to the combined company. We cannot assure you that
new regulations or policies will not be promulgated in the future, which may further restrict the remittance of Renminbi into or out of
the PRC. We cannot assure you, in light of the restrictions in place, or any amendment to be made from time to time, that the PRC
subsidiaries of the combined company will be able to satisfy their respective payment obligations that are denominated in foreign currencies,
including the distribution of earnings from our businesses, including subsidiaries, to the parent company and U.S. investors as well as
the ability to settle amounts owed under contractual agreements. 

9 

Furthermore, the transfer
of funds among the PRC subsidiaries are subject to the Provisions of the Supreme People s Court on Several Issues Concerning the
Application of Law in the Trial of Private Lending Cases (2020 Revision, the Provisions on Private Lending Cases ), which
was issued by the Supreme People s Court of the People s Republic of China on August 25, 2015 and amended on August 19,
2020 and December 29, 2020, respectively, to regulate the financing activities between natural persons, legal persons and unincorporated
organizations. The Provisions on Private Lending Cases do not apply to the disputes arising from relevant financial services such as loan
disbursement by financial institutions and their branches established upon approval by the financial regulatory authorities to engage
in lending business. The Provisions on Private Lending Cases set forth that private lending contracts will be deemed invalid under the
circumstance that (i) the lender swindles loans from financial institutions for relending; (ii) the lender relends the funds
obtained by means of a loan from another profit-making legal person, raising funds from its employees, or illegally taking deposits from
the public; (iii) the lender who has not obtained the lending qualification according to the law lends money to any unspecified object
of the society for the purpose of making profits; (iv) the lender lends funds to a borrower when the lender knows or should have
known that the borrower intended to use the borrowed funds for illegal or criminal purposes; (v) the lending is violations of public
orders or good morals; or (vi) the lending violates mandatory provisions of laws or administrative regulations. The Provisions on
Private Lending Cases set forth that the People s Court shall support the interest rates not exceeding four times of the market
interest rate quoted for one-year loan at the time the private lending contracts were entered into. It is our management s understanding
that the Provisions on Private Lending Cases does not prohibit using cash generated from one subsidiary to fund another subsidiary s
operations. We have not been notified of any other restriction which could limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to transfer cash
between subsidiaries. 

Enforceability of Civil Liability 

The Company s management
consists of two officers located in China, one director in Hong Kong, one director located in the United States and one director located
in Switzerland. Further, there is uncertainty if any officers and directors of the post-combination entity will be located outside the
Unites States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal
rights, to effect service of process upon those officers and directors (prior to or after the business combination) located outside the
United States, to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on them under United
States securities laws. 

In particular, the PRC does
not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States and many other
countries and regions, and you may have to incur substantial costs and contribute significant time to enforce civil liabilities and criminal
penalties in reliance on legal remedies under PRC laws. Therefore, recognition and enforcement in the PRC of judgement of United States
courts in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or impossible. 

U.S. Foreign Investment Regulations 

Dr. Fen Zhang, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman, is the sole director and the sole member of the Sponsor and as such is deemed to have sole voting and
investment discretion with respect to our shares held by the Sponsor. Dr. Zhang is not a U.S. person, and as of the date hereof,
the Sponsor owns approximately 21.39 of our issued and outstanding shares. Controlling or non-controlling investments in U.S. businesses
that produce, design, test, manufacture, fabricate or develop one or more critical technologies in one of 27 identified industries 
including aviation, defense, semiconductors, telecommunications and biotechnology are subject to a mandatory filing with the Committee
on Foreign Investment in the U.S. CFIUS ). In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions
involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national
security of the United States. Because we may be considered a foreign person under such rules and regulations, any proposed
business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security, we could be
subject to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review
Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses
and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are
now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential initial Business Combination with
a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may be unable to consummate a business combination with such
business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory
filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS
and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial
business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order
us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance.
The foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent
us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders.
As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely
affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

10 

Moreover, the process of
government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business
combination our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate,
our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share initially, and our warrants and rights will expire worthless. This will also
cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment
through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are
located at Suite 1608, 16th Floor, Fortress Tower, 250 King s Road, North Point, Hong Kong and our telephone number is (+1) 949
899 1827. We make 10,000 per month payment to the Sponsor for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We
consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have Dr. Fen
Zhang as the Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Zhechen Wang as the Chief Financial Officer. They are not obligated to devote any specific
number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not
intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Annual Report. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

We are a special purpose acquisition
company with no business operations. Since our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition
transaction candidates. Therefore, we do not consider that we face significant cybersecurity risk. 

any cybersecurity
risk management program or formal processes for assessing cybersecurity risk. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We do not own any real estate
or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices are located Suite 1608,
16 th floor, Fortress Tower, 250 King s Road, North Point, Hong Kong and our telephone number is (+1) 949 899 1827. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party
to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation
or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART II 

Item 5. Market Information. 

Our Public Units, Class
A Ordinary Shares and Rights are each traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols EURKU, EURK and
 EURKR, respectively. 

Holders 

As of the date hereof, we
had 2 holders of record of our units, 2 holders of record of our separately traded Class A Ordinary Shares, 7 holders of record of our
Class B Ordinary Shares and 1 holder of record of our separately traded Rights. The number of record holders was determined from the records
of our transfer agent. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our Ordinary Shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

On July 4, 2023 and September 29, 2023, the Sponsor acquired 100 and
1,437,400 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ), respectively, for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000, or approximately 0.02 per share. On June 27, 2024, the Sponsor entered into a securities transfer agreement, pursuant
to which the Sponsor transferred 10,000 Founder Shares to each of our independent directors, Dr. M. Anthony Wong, Ms. Lauren Simmons and
Kevin McKenzie, at the original purchase price, immediately prior to the closing of the IPO. The issuance of such Class B Ordinary Shares
to the Sponsor was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On July 3, 2024, we consummated
the IPO of 5,000,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Maxim Group LLC acted as representative of the underwriters. The
securities sold in the IPO were sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-277780). The registration statement
became effective on July 1, 2024. 

On July 3, 2024, substantially concurrently with the closing of the
IPO, we completed the Private Placement of 216,750 Initial Private Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Initial Private
Unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 2,167,500. The issuance of the Initial Private Units was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. We also issued to the Representative, 230,000 Class A Ordinary Shares as part
of the underwriting compensation (the Representative Shares on the closing of the IPO. 

The proceeds of 50,000,000 10.00 per Public Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and the Private Placement, were placed in the Trust Account. 

On July 8, 2024, 750,000 Option Units were sold to the Representative
upon its exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, at an offering price of 10.00 per Option Unit, generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000.
Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company completed a private placement sale of an additional 11,250
Additional Private Unit to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Additional Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 112,500.
In connection with the issuance and sales of the Option Units, the Company issued an additional 30,000 Representative Shares to the Representative. 

12 

The proceeds of 57.5 million 10.00 per Public Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and the Private Placement were placed in the Trust Account. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, 
 us, our, or we refer to Eureka Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes herein. 

The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of Cayman Island
on June 13, 2023, for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our business combination using
cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business
combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location
but will initially focus on Asia. We have not selected any target business for our initial business combination. 

We expect to continue to
incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our
initial business combination will be successful. 

Initial Public Offering and Private Placement 

On July 3, 2024, the Company consummated its IPO of 5,000,000 Units.
Each Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Shares and one Right to receive one-fifth of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the completion
of the initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 50,000,000.
On July 3, 2024, the Representative notified the Company of its exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in full. As a result, on July 8,
2024, 750,000 Option Units were sold to the Representative, generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the
consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Option Units, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 228,000 Private Units to the
Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,280,000, collectively. 

The proceeds of 57,500,000 10.00 per Public Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and the Private Placement and sale of the Option Units, were placed in the Trust
Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

13 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement that are held out of the Trust
Account, although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination
and working capital. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future
Events 

We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those
necessary to prepare for the IPO. Following the IPO, we have not generated any operating revenues until after completion of our initial
business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after the IPO.
There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of
our audited financial statements. After the IPO, we incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for expenses associated with the search for target opportunities. 

For the year ended September
30, 2024, we had a net income of 255,721, which consisted of interest income from the Trust Account of 609,787 offset by general and
administrative expenses of 354,066. Cash used in operating activities was 282,509. Net income was offset by interest earned on investment
held in the Trust Account. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 33,078 of cash for operating activities. 

For the period from June
13, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 5,325, all of which consisted of formation and operating costs.
Cash used in operating activities was 4,269. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30,2024,
we had 670,352 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the IPO, and available for working capital
purposes. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the net proceeds of the IPO, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay
our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial
business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as
working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including
continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development
of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred
prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient
to cover such expenses. 

Over the next 12 months
(assuming a business combination is not consummated prior thereto), we will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business
combination. 

If our estimates of the
costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from the Trust Account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest
rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would
only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business
combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

14 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 670,352 and a working capital deficiency of 684,474. We have incurred and expect to continue
to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit
of the consummation of a business combination. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about
an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the working capital
loans from our Sponsor or its affiliates. In addition, if we are unable to complete a business combination within the Combination Period,
our board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of us. There is no assurance
that our plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined
that such additional conditions also raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statement
does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We
do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to
as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements.
We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any
debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of September 30, 2024, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The
Founder Shares, the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units, and any Class A Ordinary Shares that may be issued upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans and Extension Loans (and any underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to
three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

In
preparing these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported expenses during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment.
It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the
date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or
more future confirming events. Accordingly, actual results may differ from these estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting
estimates.

15 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own
Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ), to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06
eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments
and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity.
The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and free-standing instruments that are indexed to and settled
in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use
the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on
a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06
as of the inception of the Company. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. 

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which
requires the disclosure of additional segment information. ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
ASU 2023-07. 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosure ASU
2023-09 ), which enhances the transparency and usefulness of income tax disclosures. ASU 2023-09 will be effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made
available for issuance. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-09 on its financial statements. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a
material effect on our financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds
of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185
days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments,
we believe there will be no associated material exposure to market or interest rate risk. 

16 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Disclosure controls are also designed
with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated,
with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

17 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at September 30, 2024. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting
firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as described herein, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

18 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Officers,
Directors and Director Nominees 

Our
officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 
 Fen Zhang 
 59 
 Chief Executive Officer and
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Zhechen Wang 
 31 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 M. Anthony Wong 
 70 
 Independent Director 
 
 Lauren Simmons 
 29 
 Independent Director 
 
 Kevin
 McKenzie 
 51 
 Independent
 Director 

Dr.
Fen Zhang , has served as our Chief Executive Office and Chairman of our Board of Directors since June 2023. He has over a decade
of experiences in investment banking and fund management industries involved in initial public offering and other capital markets transactions
in the U.S., Canada, mainland China and Hong Kong, with over 20 years accomplished industrial experiences and connections with
the world s leading financial institutions, investment banks, funds and accredited investors. 

Since
January 2024, Dr Zhang has served as the Chief Executive Officer and directors of Columbus Acquisition Corp, a special purposes acquisition
company, currently applying for listing on Nasdaq. Dr. Zhang has been working at Hercules Capital Group as a founding partner since
August 2021, being in charge of the large scale alternative financing solutions for major commercial endeavors. From March 2022
to February 2023, Dr. Zhang served as the Chief Executive Officer of Oak Woods Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition
corporation listing on Nasdaq (Nasdaq: OAKU). He served at UBS from July 2019 to August 2021 as the managing director at UBS
AG Hong Kong and then transferred to UBS Securities Shanghai office to lead the IBD business. He was in charge of the Semiconductor
Manufacturing International Corporation, or SMIC (0981.HK) s US 230,000,000 convertible bonds project and US 500,000,000 investment
grade debt issuance project, and has won mandates from Tuhu-a global car aftermarket leader backed by Tencent, Dragonfly FM-the top 2
audio app in China, and Keming Noodle (002661.SZ)-one of the largest noodle brands in China, etc. He has served as the executive director
of Shanghai Lianjie Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd. since September 2018. From March 2018 to March 2019, Dr. Zhang
was the managing director at the investment banking department of China Merchants Bank International, or CMBI, and, from July 2017 to
January 2018, the general manager at SinoPharm-CICC Fund, where he successfully closed the fund project with a size of RMB500 million
for China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd, or the CRHC, one of the largest FOF in China, and a RMB10 billion sized joint fund project
between CMBI and Shenzhen municipal government. Under his management, the bank achieved three (3) times ROI on the investment of
RMB900 million into Yunda Express (002120.SZ), one of the top express parcel delivers in China. From July 2015 to May 2017,
Dr. Zhang served at Oriental Fortune Capital, or OFC, as a partner and vice general manager, where he established OFC s first
US 50,000,000 fund and a joint fund between OFC and Chang Hong Group (600839.SS), a top leading manufacturer of television and other
household electronics in China. From March 2012 to July 2015, Dr. Zhang served as a global partner at Capital International
Private Equity Fund of the Capital Group, or CIPEF, one of the top long term investors in the world and the largest investor in emerging
markets in Hong Kong office. During his work at CIPEF, he achieved a high hit rate on deal closings and initialed and carried out
various domestic and cross-border large-sized projects. From July 2010 to March 2012, he served at Credit Suisse as a managing director
in IBD China team, where as a sector leader, he led the team on several elephant deals such as China Minmetals Resources (1208.HK), China
Railway Logistics, Shandong Iron and Steel Group (600022.SS), XGMG, PICC Property and Casualty Company (2328.HK), etc., as well
as other projects in large-to-mid-cap IPOs and structured lending and bond issuances. From July 2007 to July 2008, Dr. Zhang
served at China International Capital Corporation, or CICC as an executive director, and then at UBS from July 2008 to July 2010 as an
executive director in its IBD business sector, where he was responsible for several U.S. and Hong Kong IPO and bond issuance
projects as well as reorganization and listing projects. His IPO clients included China Industries Securities (601377.SS), China Spring
Airline (601021.SS), Shaangu Power (601369.SS), etc. He also established and developed UBS Shanghai from scratch into a rep office and
then evolved into a China CSRC-certified branch. From July 2005 to July 2007, Dr. Zhang served at Deloitte Consulting
as an equity partner. He established and managed the Deloitte S O (strategy and operations consulting) business sector and developed
the Deloitte China S O sector into the first joint venture between Deloitte US and Deloitte China. From May 1995 to July 2005,
he served at Bank of Montreal in Toronto of Canada as an analyst, as well as at China eLabs as a consultant and BearingPoint Management
Consulting as a senior manager. 

19 

Dr. Zhang
holds an MBA in finance and a Ph.D. degree in materials and metallurgic engineering from Queen s University in Canada, and a B.S.
in mechanical engineering from Tsinghua University in China. 

Mr.
Zhechen Wang has serves as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2024. Since August 2021, Mr. Wang has served as the Finance
Manager and then Vice President of Finance of Hercules Capital Group, where he, among the others, administers financial operations and
manages financial process oversight and risk control. From October 2016 to August 2021, Mr. Wang worked as a senior associate at PwC,
where he conducted auditing in initial public offerings, public company reporting and statutory auditing for companies listing on different
exchanges, including Nasdaq, NYSE, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. Mr. Wang holds a Bachelor Degree of Commerce
 Professional Accounting from Macquarie University in Australia. 

Mr.
Anthony Wong has served as our independent director since July 2024. Dr. Wong is head of international equities division
at Red Solar Capital Ltd. He started his career as a faculty member of the MIT Sloan School of Management, and was a founding member
of the MIT Media Lab and MIT Statistics Center. Dr. Wong was one of the earliest quantitative analysts on the Wall Street. He was the
author of two financial texts, Fixed Income Arbitrage and Trading and Investing in Bond Options . Dr. Wong was also one of the
executives who participated in the establishment of the Morningside Group in Hong Kong in 1993 and has been active in the capital markets
since then. In recent years, Dr. Wong has focused his professional efforts on assisting international high-tech commercial projects in
their alignment with the capital markets of Hong Kong and the United States. Dr. Wong holds a Ph.D. degree in statistics data science
from Yale University. 

Ms.
Lauren Simmons has served as our independent director since July 2024. Ms. Simmons is an equity trader who started her career
in finance in May of 2017 with Rosenblatt Securities on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Ms. Simmons was recognized by Ebony s
Power 100 list in 2018, as well as by Politico which awarded her as among its Women of Impact in 2018. Since achieving notoriety in 2018,
Ms. Simmons has been featured in various media outlets including Forbes, Politico, CNBC, Bloomberg and The Cut. Stemming from her financial
knowledge and ability to quickly build relationships in financial markets, Ms. Simmons has built a broad network in private and public
financial and consumer markets. Specifically, Ms. Simmons commentary, experience as an equities trader, combined with her market
and experiential insights has led to her success as a brand leader for women in finance. In particular, Ms. Simmons has built partnerships
with Ford, LinkedIn, Express, Champs, Isagenix and Pure Leaf. Ms. Simmons is also a financial contributor to Bloomberg, CNBC, Yahoo Finance
and other financial media outlets. She is the author of Make Money Move addressing professional development and finance which is published
by HarperCollins. Ms. Simmons has also headlined major events such as Aspen Ideas Festival, Sina Finance in China, Disney s Dreamers
Academy, and keynote at Harvard. Currently, Ms. Simmons is the host of In her Bag produced by Springhill productions Lebron
James company. Ms. Simmons has also launched the podcast Money Moves with Lauren Simmons, a top ranked Spotify Original Podcast.
Ms. Simmons currently serves as a director at Oak Woods Acquisition Corporation (Nasdaq: OAKU). Ms. Simmons was previously a member of
the advisory board at Robinhood Markets, Inc. (Nasdaq: HOOD) and a former board member at Consciously Unbiased. Ms. Simmons holds a B.S.
in Psychology from Kennesaw State University and concentrated her undergraduate studies in genetics and statistics. 

Mr.
Kevin McKenzie has served as our independent director since July 2024. Mr. McKenzie has over 20 years of global private equity
experience in leading firms in the market. Mr. McKenzie has served as Chairman and President at Alpex Pharma since 2018, where he oversees
the overall operations of the consolidated company and leads its efforts in developing and implementing strategic plans. Mr. McKenzie
has also been a senior partner at Riverwest Capital, a private investment firm, since 2011, where he is responsible for the overall management.
From 2006 to 2011, Mr. McKenzie was a senior partner at MKW Capital. From 2003 to 2006, Mr. McKenzie served as the vice president of
Cerberus Capital Management and was responsible for various aspects of the investment process. From 2001 to 2003, he worked at Morgan
Stanley Real Estate Fund (MSREF) and participated in a groundbreaking series of distressed debt portfolios sold in China by state-owned
banks. From 1998 to 2001, Mr. McKenzie worked at the Bank of China and executed a number of syndicated acquisition bridge and term loan
financings. Prior to that, Mr. McKenzie worked at the China office of the Royal Bank of Canada from 1997 to 1998. Mr. McKenzie holds
an MBA in finance from Wharton Business School and an M.A. degree in Management International Studies from the University of Pennsylvania.

20 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of four members. The term of office will expire at our first annual general meeting. We may not hold an annual
meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant
Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Holders
of our Founder Shares will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and
holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a resolution passed by holders of at least a two thirds of
our ordinary shares who are eligible to vote and attend and vote in a general meeting our shareholders. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors currently has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee.
Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of NASDAQ and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that
the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

M.
Anthony Wong, Lauren Simmons and Kevin McKenzie currently serve as members of our audit committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and
applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the certain
phase-in provisions. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Anthony Wong, Lauren Simmons and Kevin McKenzie meet the
independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

M.
Anthony Wong serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements
of Nasdaq, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Colon qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered
public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by
us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control
procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm,
or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more
independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

21 

reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior
to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by
the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of M. Anthony Wong, Lauren Simmons and Kevin McKenzie
, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Mr. Kevin McKenzie is the Chairperson of the compensation
committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not
limited to: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating
our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

22 

Director
Nominations 

Our
nominating committee consists of M. Anthony Wong, Lauren Simmons and Kevin McKenzie. Lauren Simmons serves as chair of the nominating
committee. We have adopted a nominating committee charter, which details the principal functions of the nominating committee, including: 

developing
the criteria and qualifications for membership on the Board of Directors; 

recruiting,
reviewing and nominating candidates for election to the Board of Directors or to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors; 

reviewing
candidates proposed by shareholders, and conducting appropriate inquiries into the background and qualifications of any such candidates; 

monitoring
and making recommendations regarding committee functions, contributions, and composition; and 

evaluating,
on an annual basis, the nominating committee s performance. 

The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the Board of Directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (the Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. 
You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In
addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Clawback
Policy 

Our
clawback policy became effective on July 1, 2024 that applies to our executive officers (the Policy in order to comply
with Nasdaq rules. The Policy gives the Compensation Committee the discretion to require executive officers to reimburse us for any Erroneously
Awarded Compensation (as defined in the Policy) that was based on financial results that were subsequently restated as a result of that
person s misconduct. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Potential
investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None
of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
in allocating their time among various business activities. 

In
the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which
may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing
fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. As a result, our officers or directors may present a potential target to our competitor that would had
been presented to us or devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. 

23 

The
Founder Shares owned by our officers and directors are subject to lock-up restrictions until the earlier of (1) six months after the
completion of our initial business combination and (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization,
or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Class A Ordinary
Share equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period after our initial business combination, 50 
of the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to any of their Founder Shares and private shares if we do not complete a business combination. Furthermore,
the Sponsor has agreed that the Private Units will not be sold or transferred until after we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain
activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal
and financial interests of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business, completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
which that director has. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates
a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts
will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses
of which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to
which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it
is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing
fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities. 

In
order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors
has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such
time as she or he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any
other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations he might have. 

In
connection with the vote required for any business combination, the Sponsor and all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote
their respective Ordinary Shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective
rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the Founder Shares and private shares. If they purchase Class A
Ordinary Shares in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such
shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection with the consummation of our
initial business combination or an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to pre-business
combination activity. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

24 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors or insiders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority
of our disinterested and Independent Directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our insiders, officers,
directors, special advisors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely upon a review of such forms furnished to us during the most recent fiscal year, or written representations that no Forms 5 were
required, we believe that that all such forms required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely filed
by the officers, directors, and security holders required to file the same during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us, except that transferred to our independent
directors, Messrs. Anthony Wong, Kevin McKenzie , and Lauren Simmons, 10,000 Founder Shares each, respectively, immediately prior to
the closing of the IPO. Other than as set forth elsewhere, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees,
will be paid to our founders, existing officers, directors and advisors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation
to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers, directors and advisors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on
suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our founders, officers,
directors or advisors, or our or their affiliates, including the extension loan and extension convertible notes. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to
be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

Following
a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management
team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers
will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

25 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary as of the date hereof by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding Ordinary Shares; 

each
of our officers and directors; and 

all
of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all Ordinary
Shares beneficially owned by them. 

The
beneficial ownership of our Ordinary Shares is based on an aggregate of 6,436,000 Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding as of the date
hereof and the record of beneficial ownership as indicated in the statements filed with the SEC pursuant section 13(d) or 13(g) as of
the date hereof. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 

Fen Zhang (2) 
 1,635,500 
 21.4 
 
 Zhechen Wang 

M. Anthony Wong 
 10,000 

Lauren Simmons 
 10,000 

Kevin McKenzie 
 10,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 
 1,665,500 
 21.8 
 
 5 Holders 

Hercules Capital Management Corp (2) 
 1,635,500 
 21.4 
 
 First Trust Capital Management L.P. (3) 
 473,405 
 6.2 
 
 First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund (3) 
 415,646 
 5.4 
 
 AQR Capital Management, LLC (4) 
 436,998 
 5.7 
 
 Cowen and Company, LLC (5) 
 415,600 
 5.4 
 
 Kerry Propper (6) 
 484,994 
 6.3 
 
 Karpus Management, Inc. (7) 
 745,250 
 9.6 

Less than one percent 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Eureka Acquisition Corp, 89 Nexus Way,
Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands. 

(2) Fen
Zhang is the sole member and sole director of the Sponsor. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over the Sponsor
is Fen Zhang, thus Fen Zhang is deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares held by the Sponsor. 

26 

(3) According
to a Schedule 13G filed on November 14, 2024 jointly by First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund, First Trust Capital Management L.P., First
Trust Capital Solutions L.P. and FTCS Sub GP LLC. The principal business address of First Trust Capital Management L.P., First Trust
Capital Solutions L.P. and FTCS Sub GP LLC is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. The principal business address of First
Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund is 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. 

(4) According
to a Schedule 13G filed on November 14, 2024 jointly by AQR Capital Management, LLC, AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC and AQR Arbitrage,
LLC, whose principal business address is One Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(5) According
to a Schedule 13G filed on November 13, 2024 by Cowen and Company, LLC, whose principal business address is 599 Lexington Avenue, New
York, NY 10022. 

(6) According
to a Schedule 13G filed on November 12, 2024 jointly by Kerry Propper and Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez, whose principal business address is 1
Pennsylvania Plaza, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10119. 

(7) According
to a Schedule 13G filed on October 7, 2024 by Karpus Management, Inc., d/b/a Karpus Investment Management, whose principal business address
is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder
Shares 

On July 4, 2023 and September 29, 2023, the Sponsor acquired 100 and
1,437,400 Founder Shares, respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.02 per share. On June 27, 2024,
the Sponsor entered into a securities transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor transferred 10,000 Founder Shares to each of our
independent directors, Dr. M. Anthony Wong, Ms. Lauren Simmons and Mr. Kevin McKenzie, at the original purchase price, immediately prior
to the closing of the IPO.

As
of September 30, 2024, there were 1,437,500 Founder Shares issued and outstanding. The aggregate capital contribution was 25,000, or
approximately 0.02 per share. 

Private
Units 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the
Option Units, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 228,000 Private Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit.

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On June 25, 2024, the Sponsor
agreed to loan us up to 500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO (the Promissory Note). As of July 3, 2024,
the date of the completion of the IPO, the Sponsor loaned the Company 481,511. The total amount of 481,511 under the Promissory Note
was fully repaid upon closing of the IPO on July 3, 2024. The Promissory Note was terminated after the repayment. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
order to finance the Company s transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor, our officers
and directors, or their affiliates or designees may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use
a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would
be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Working Capital Units at the option
of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination, in addition to the convertible notes in connection with the potential
extensions. The Working Capital Units would be identical to the Private Units. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

27 

Extension
Fees 

We
have until July 3, 2025 to complete its initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination by July 3, 2025, we may extend the Combination Period up to two times, each time by an additional three
months (for a total of up to January 3, 2026 to
complete a business combination) without submitting such proposed extensions to our shareholders for approval or offering our public
shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith. In order to extend the Combination Period, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees,
upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account the Extension Fees in the amount
of 575,000 on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three-month extension. Any such payments would be made in the
form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and either be payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination
out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business
combination into Extension Units. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the
Trust Account, and only to the extent available. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account
to extend the Combination Period. The Extension Units would be identical to the Private Units. 

As of September 30, 2024,
there were no Extension Fees. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

The
Company is obligated, commencing from July 1, 2024 to pay the Sponsor, a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support pursuant to a certain administrative services agreement by and between the Company and the Sponsor dated July
2, 2023 (the Administrative Services Agreement ). This Administrative Services Agreement will terminate upon completion
of the Company s business combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account to public shareholders. The Company incurred 30,000
for the year ended September 30, 2024, of which 10,000 was included in the accrued expenses. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any
indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter will be responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions
to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at
a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of
the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit
committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We have adopted the audit committee charter. We also require each
of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about
related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

28 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our founders unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company
we are seeking to acquire, or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our founders, existing officers,
directors or advisors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to
be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, the following payments will be made to our
founders or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination: 

reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating
possible business targets and business combinations; 

repayment
at the closing of our initial business combination of Working Capital Loans which may be made by our founders or an affiliate of our
founders to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined
nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1.500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be
convertible into Working Capital Units at the option of the lender. Such Working Capital Units are identical to the Private Units sold
in the Private Placement; and 

repayment
at the closing of our initial business combination of Extension Fees which have been made by our Sponsor, its affiliates or designees
in connection with our extensions of the Combination Period, which may be convertible into Extension Units, such Extension Units are
identical to the Private Units sold in the Private Placement. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of M. Anthony Wong, Lauren Simmons
and Kevin McKenzie are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

During
the period from June 13, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2024, the firm of Marcum Asia CPAs LLP Marcum Asia ), has
acted as our principal independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum
Asia for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that
are normally provided by Marcum Asia in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum Asia for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our other required
filings with the SEC for the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June 13, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023
totaled 127,205 and 0, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. We did not pay Marcum Asia for
professional services rendered for audit related fees for the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June 13, 2023 (inception)
through September 30, 2023. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum Asia for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June
13, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum Asia for other services for the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June 13,
2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023. 

29 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

1.
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

Financial
Statements: See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein and Index to Financial Statements 
and financial statements incorporated by reference therein commencing below. 

2.
Exhibits: The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated June 27, 2024. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2024) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2024) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2024) 

4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated July 2, 2024, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement dated July 21, 2024, between the Company and the Sponsor. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

10.2 
 
 Securities Transfer Agreement, dated June 27, 2024, between the Company, the Sponsor, and certain directors of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 2, 2024, between the Company and CST, as trustee. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 2, 2024, between the Company, the Sponsor, and the Representative. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 2, 2024, among the Company, the Sponsor, and officers and directors of the Company. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

10.6 
 
 Form of the Indemnity Agreement, between the Company and the officers and directors of the Company. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

10.7 
 
 Administrative Service Agreement, dated July 2, 2023, between the Company and the Sponsor. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024) 

30 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

97 
 
 Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2024) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2024) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the Inline XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags
 are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EUREKA ACQUISITION
 CORP 

Date: December 23,
 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Fen Zhang 

Fen Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer,
 Chairman and Secretary 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Fen
 Zhang 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 Chairman and Director 
 
 December 23, 2024 
 
 Fen Zhang 
 
 (Principle Executive Officer) 

/s/ Zhechen
 Wang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 December 23, 2024 
 
 Zhechen Wang 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Anthony
 Wong 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2024 
 
 Anthony Wong 

/s/ Lauren
 Simmons 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2024 
 
 Lauren Simmons 

/s/
 Kevin McKenzie 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2024 
 
 Kevin McKenzie 

32 

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Eureka Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Eureka Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related statements of operations, changes
in shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June 13, 2023 (inception) through
September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from June 13, 2023 (inception)
through September 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company is
a Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation that was formed for the purpose of completing a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities on or before July 3, 2025 or January
3, 2026 if the Company enters into a business combination agreement prior to July 3, 2025 or by making additional contributions to the
trust to extend the business combination deadline by an additional 6 months through January 3, 2026. There is no assurance that the Company
will obtain the necessary approvals or raise the additional capital it needs to fund its business operations and complete any business
combination prior to July 3, 2025, if at all. The Company also has no approved plan in place to extend the business combination deadline
beyond July 3, 2025 and lacks the capital resources needed to fund operations and complete any business combination, even if the deadline
to complete a business combination is extended to a later date. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum Asia CPAs LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

, NY 

December 23, 2024 

Firm ID#: 5395 

F- 2 

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 
BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to a related party 

Promissory note related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Equity 

Preference shares, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares (excluding 5,750,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities, Shares Subject to Redemption, and Shareholders Equity 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Period from June 13, 2023 (Inception) to September 30, 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares
 outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares 
 
 (1) 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Issuance of Private Placement Units 

Issuance of representative shares 

Issuance of Public Rights, net of issuance cost of 

Transfer Class B shares to independent directors 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

For the Period from June 13, 2023 (Inception) to September 30,
2023 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of June 13, 2023 (inception) 

Founder shares issued to initial shareholders (1) 

Net loss 

Balance as of 
September 30, 2023 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Period from June 13, 2023 (inception) to September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Due to a related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in Trust Account 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of public units 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Payment of underwriter commissions 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Repayment of due to related party 

Payment of operating expenses via promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash, Beginning of Year 

Cash, End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Prepaid expenses paid via promissory note related party 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid via promissory note related party 

Reversal of offering costs being waived 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value of Class A redeemable ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

EUREKA ACQUISITION CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units ).
Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value per share, and one right to receive of one Class A ordinary
share upon the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating
total gross proceeds of . On July 3, 2024, the underwriter notified the Company of its exercise of the over-allotment option
in full to purchase additional Units (the Option Units of the Company (the Over-Allotment Option ).
As a result, on July 8, 2024, Units were sold to the underwriter at an offering price of per Option Unit (the Option
Units and together with the Units, collectively, the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the
Units, the Company consummated the private placement of units (the Initial Private Placement Units to the Sponsor
at a price of per Initial Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Simultaneously
with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company completed a private placement sale of additional units (the Additional
Private Units and together with the Initial Private Placement Units, collectively, the Private Units to the Sponsor
at a purchase price of per Additional Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of underwriting commissions which were paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO and Over-allotment Option, of the
Representative Shares (discussed in the below), of underwriter expenses, and of other offering costs. At the closing
date of the IPO and Over-allotment Option, cash of was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available
for the payment of accrued offering costs and for working capital purposes. 

In conjunction with the IPO, the Company issued
to the underwriter Class A ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative Shares with an estimated fair
value of . In connection with the issuance and sales of the Option Units, the Company issued an additional Representative
Shares with an estimated fair value of to the underwriter. The fair value of the Representative Shares accounted for as compensation
under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 is included in the offering costs. 

F- 7 

of the balance in the
Trust Account (as defined below), (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of execution of the definitive agreement in
connection with its initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). The Company does not believe that its anticipated principal
activities will subject the Company to the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business
Combination successfully. 

Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed
that at least per Public Unit sold in the IPO would be held into a U.S.-based trust account Trust Account ).
The funds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less,
or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest
solely in direct U.S. government treasury or in an interest bearing or non-interest bearing demand deposit account. Except with respect
to divided and/or interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay the Company s
tax obligation, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Units that are deposited and held in the Trust Account will
not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of obligation to redeem of
our public shares if the Company does not complete the Company s initial Business Combination by July 3, 2025 (or up to January
3, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination two times, each by an additional three months)
(the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination
activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s public shares if the company are unable to complete their initial
Business Combination within Combination Period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any
right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. 

The Company will provide the holders of public
shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the Business Combination either (i) in
connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. 

The Company has determined not to consummate any
Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation in order to avoid being
subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if the Company seeks to consummate an initial Business Combination
with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available
from the Trust Account upon consummation of such initial Business Combination, its net tangible asset threshold may limit the Company s
ability to consummate such initial Business Combination (as the Company may be required to have a lesser number of shares redeemed) and
may force the Company to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. As a result,
the Company may not be able to consummate such an initial Business Combination and the Company may not be able to locate another suitable
target within the applicable time period, if at all. 

The Company will have until July 3, 2025 (or up
to January 3, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination two times, each by an additional
three months) to complete its initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
by July 3, 2025 (or up to January 3, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination two times,
each by an additional three months), the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to of interest
to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of its remaining shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to its Public Rights or private placement rights, which will expire worthless if the
Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination by July 3, 2025 (or up to January 3, 2026 if the Company extends the period
of time to consummate a Business Combination two times, each by an additional three months). 

Pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, in order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate its initial Business
Combination, its sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit
an aggregate of per public share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three-month extension
(or up to an aggregate of . 

F- 8 

of cash and a working capital of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its
financing and acquisition plans. In addition, the Company initially has until July 3, 2025 to consummate the initial Business Combination
(assuming no extensions). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will trigger
an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.
Notwithstanding management s belief that the Company would have sufficient funds to execute its business strategy, there is a possibility
that the Business Combination might not happen within the 12-month period from the issuance date of these financial statements. In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential
subsequent dissolution, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, management
has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern until the
earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or the date the Company is required to liquidate. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the Company s inability to consummate the initial Business Combination to continue
as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

As a result of the military action commenced in
February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions as well as the impact
of armed conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip commenced in October 2023, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination,
or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely
affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt
financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in
third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions
on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate
a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

F- 9 

and none in cash, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact
on the Company s financial condition. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that were
related to the IPO and were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company complies with the requirements
of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A - Expenses of Offering . The Company
allocates offering costs among public shares, Public Rights and Private Units based on the relative fair values of public shares, Public
Rights and Private Units. Accordingly, was allocated to Public Shares and charged to temporary equity, and was allocated
to Public Rights and Private Units and charged to shareholders equity. 

Class A ordinary shares sold
as part of the Units in the IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of Class A
ordinary shares classified as temporary equity has been allocated to the proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. If it
is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption
value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable,
if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they
occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company
has elected to recognize the changes in redemption value as a charge against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings,
as a charge against additional paid-in-capital over an expected 12-month period, which is the initial period that the Company has
to complete a Business Combination. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption September 30, 2024 

F- 10 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

F- 11 

Units, at a price of 
per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value per share and one right (the Public Right ).
Each Public Right entitles the holder to purchase one-fifth (1/5) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the Company s
initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the holder must hold Public Rights in multiples
of five (5) in order to receive shares for all of their Public Rights upon closing of a Business Combination. The Company also granted
the underwriters a -day option to purchase up to an additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. On July 3,
2024, the underwriter notified the Company of its exercise of Over-Allotment Option in full to purchase an additional 
Option Units of the Company. On July 8, 2024, Option Units were sold to the underwriters at an offering price of 
per Option Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

F- 12 

Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per Initial Private Placement Units
for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Initial Private Placement Unit was identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO,
except as described below. Simultaneously with the closing of the Option Units on July 8, 2024, the Company consummated the sale of additional
 Additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of per Additional Private Placement Unit, generating total
proceeds of . 

There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined below), the Class A ordinary shares included in the
Private Units (the Private Shares or private placement rights. The rights will expire worthless if the Company does not
consummate a Business Combination by July 3, 2025 (or up to January 3, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional three months). 

Each Private Unit are identical to the Public
Units sold in the IPO, except that it will not be redeemable, transferable, assignable or salable by the Sponsor until the completion
of its initial Business Combination, except in each case (a) to the Company s officers or directors, any affiliates or family
members of any of its officers or directors, any members of the Sponsor, or any affiliates of the Sponsor, (b) in the case of an
individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the
individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual,
by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order; (e) in the event of the Company s liquidation prior to the completion of its initial Business Combination;
or (f) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsor s operating agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor; provided,
however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written
agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered into by the Sponsor with respect to such
securities (including provisions relating to voting and liquidation distributions). 

and Class B ordinary share (the Founder Shares ), respectively, for an aggregate
purchase price of , or approximately per share. As of September 30, 2024, there were Founder Shares issued and
outstanding, among which, up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture if the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised. On
July 8, 2024, the underwriters exercised their Over-Allotment Option in full, hence, all Founder Shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the new issuance. 

The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A
ordinary shares included in the Public Units being sold in the IPO, and holders of Founder Shares have the same shareholder rights
as public shareholders, except that (i) holders of the Founder Shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to
its initial Business Combination, (ii) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
below, and (iii) the Sponsor, officers and directors of the Company have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant
to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Shares and public shares
in connection with the completion of its initial Business Combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination
by July 3, 2025 (or up to January 3, 2026 if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times,
each by an additional three months), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within such time period and (iii) the
Founder Shares and Private Shares are subject to registration rights. If the Company submits its initial Business Combination to its public
shareholders for a vote, the Sponsor, and its officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with the Company, to vote any Founder Shares and the Private Shares held by them and any
public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of its initial Business Combination. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of its initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided
herein and in its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares,
or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the IPO and related to the closing of the Business
Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless
the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with
respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B
ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the sum of all ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the IPO (excluding
the Private Shares and the Representative Shares) plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed
issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in the initial Business Combination or any private placement-equivalent units issued to its sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion
of loans made to the Company). Holders of Founder shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number
of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. The term equity-linked securities 
refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for its Class A ordinary shares issued
in a financing transaction in connection with its initial Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity
or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the
conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

F- 13 

per share (as adjusted for
share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading
days within any -trading day period after the Company s initial Business Combination, of the Founder shares will be released
from the lock-up. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On September 30, 2023, the Sponsor agreed
to loan the Company up to (the Promissory Note to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan
is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) the closing of the IPO or (2) the date on which the Company
determines not to conduct an initial public offering of its securities, unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.
The outstanding loan balance of was repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account
on July 3, 2024. There was 0 and outstanding under the Promissory Note as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, the Company s officers and directors may, but are not
obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up
to of such working capital loans Working Capital Loans made by the Sponsor, the Company s officers and
directors, or the Company s or their affiliates to the Company prior to or in connection with its initial Business Combination may
be convertible into units, at a price of per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of its initial Business Combination.
The units would be identical to the Private Units. 

As of September 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Support Services 

Commencing on the effective date of the registration statement of the
IPO, the Company has agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of its initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these
monthly fees. The Company incurred for the year ended September 30, 2024, of which was included in the amount due to a
related party. 

-day
option from the date of IPO to purchase up to an additional Option Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On July 8,
2024, the underwriters exercised the Over-Allotment Option in full. 

The underwriter was entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of per unit, or (or up to if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised in full). Additionally,
the underwriters was entitled to acquire the Company s Class A ordinary shares (or up to shares of Class A
ordinary shares if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised in full) that were registered in the IPO and were paid at the closing
of the IPO as the Representative Shares. In addition, the underwriter has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect
to such shares in connection with the completion of its initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period. In connection with the IPO, the Company issued Representative Shares to the underwriter with a fair value
of . In connection with the issuance and sales of the Option Units, the Company issued an additional Representative Shares
to the underwriter with a fair value of . 

F- 14 

shares of preference share, par value, with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and
2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Share The
Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with par value. There were Class A ordinary shares
issued or outstanding (excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024. There were
no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2023. 

Class B Ordinary Share The
Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with par value. In July 2023 and September 2023,
the Company issued an aggregate of Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately
 per share, of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture for no consideration to the extent
that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholder would collectively
own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO (assuming they do not purchase any Units in the
IPO and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Placement Units). As a result of the underwriters exercise of
their over-allotment option in full on July 8, 2024, all Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of September
30, 2024 and 2023, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, 

Prior to the initial Business Combination, only
holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote in the election of directors. Holders of its Class A ordinary
shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of the Company s amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association with class rights may not be amended without a resolution passed by holders of at least
two thirds of the Company s ordinary shares who are eligible to vote and attend and vote in a general meeting of the Company s
shareholders. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of its shareholders, including any vote in connection with the initial
Business Combination, except as required by law, holders of the Founder Shares and holders of its Class A ordinary shares will vote
together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to vote. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will receive one-fifth (1/5)
of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of its initial Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all
Class A ordinary shares held by it in connection with the initial Business Combination. No additional consideration will be required
to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial Business Combination, as the
consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO. If the Company enters into
a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will
provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the Class A ordinary shares will receive
in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert
its rights in order to receive the one-fifth (1/5) share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration)
upon consummation of the Business Combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election to convert
the rights into underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to the Company. 

The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights
will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). The Company will not issue fractional shares upon conversion
of the rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the
applicable provisions of Cayman law. As a result, the holders of rights must hold rights in multiples of five (5) in order to receive
shares for all of their rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination
within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the
Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure
to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. Accordingly, the rights may expire
worthless. 

F- 15 

F-16 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ea022434401ex4-5_eureka.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association of Eureka Acquisition Corp (the Company, we or us ), we are authorized
to issue 390,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, 100,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value
each, and 10,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares
as set out more particularly in our memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information
that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and
consists of one Class A ordinary share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-fifth of one Class A ordinary
share upon completion of our initial business combination. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights.
Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 5 in order
to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. 

The Class A ordinary shares and rights comprising
the units began separate trading on September 12, 2024. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into
the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A
ordinary shares and rights. 

Ordinary Shares 

As of September 30, 2024, 7,645,500 ordinary shares
are issued and outstanding, including: 

5,750,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units
being offered in the Company s initial public offering (the IPO); 

228,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the private
placement units; 

1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders;
and 

230,000 Class A ordinary shares held by Maxim Group LLC. 

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B
ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together
as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to elect
all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to
vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended by a resolution passed by holders of at least two thirds of our ordinary shares who are eligible to vote and attend
and vote in a general meeting our shareholders. Unless specified in the Companies Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required
to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands
law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are elected for
a term not exceeding two years. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that, after
completion of our initial business combination, the holders of more than 50 of the ordinary shares voted for the election of directors
can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors
out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 390,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business
combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of ordinary shares which
we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual general meetings or general meetings to elect
directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately
 10.00 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional 0.20 per unit in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the
period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). Our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is
not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of
the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many
blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to
the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the issued
and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval
of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such
business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have
no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days
(but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business
combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such
shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any
public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may
elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against, or abstain from voting on, the proposed transaction. 

2 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by July 3, 2025 (or up to January 3, 2026 if
we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time, up to two times, each time by an additional
three months) (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares
after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares and the Private Placement Shares
underlying the Private Placement Units 

The founder shares and the private placement shares
are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares and private
placement shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) holders of the founder shares have the
right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial business combination, (ii) the founder shares and private placement
shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (iii) our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private
placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within such time period and (iii) the founder shares and private placement shares are subject to registration rights.
If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and
their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares
and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination.
As a result, in addition to our initial shareholder s founder shares and private placement shares, assuming all the representative
shares held by Maxim will be voted for, in order to have our initial business combination approved, we would need only 1,927,251,or 33.5 ,
of the 5,750,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or no
public shares sold in the IPO are needed to vote in favor of a transaction (assuming only a quorum is present at such meeting held to
vote on our initial business combination) (in either case, assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). 

3 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided
herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares,
or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the IPO and related to the closing of the business
combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless
the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with
respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B
ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the sum of all ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A
ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares
or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination or any private placement-equivalent
units issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert
their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any
time. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including
but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion
adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares
are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor,
each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (1) six months after the completion of
our initial business combination and (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization, or
other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our ordinary shares
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period after our initial business combination,
50 of the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units, private placement
shares, private placement rights and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such rights will not be transferable, assignable or salable
by our sponsor until the completion of our initial business combination. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members of the company and a
statement of the shares held by each member, which: 

(i) distinguishes each share by its number (so long as the share
has a number); 

(ii) confirms the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid
on the shares of each member; 

(iii) confirms the number and category of shares held by each member;
and 

(iv) confirms whether each relevant category of shares held by a
member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the
register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under the Cayman Companies Act, the register of
members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (that is, the register of members will raise a presumption
of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a shareholder registered in the register of members is deemed as a matter
of the Cayman Companies Act to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the completion
of the IPO, the register of members will be immediately updated to record and give effect to the issuance of shares by us to the custodian
or its nominee. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to
have legal title to the shares set against their name. 

4 

If the name of any person is incorrectly entered
in or omitted from our register of members, or if there is any default or unnecessary delay in entering on the register the fact of any
person having ceased to be a shareholder of our company, the person or shareholder aggrieved (or any shareholder of our company or our
company itself) may apply to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands for an order that the register be rectified, and the Court may either
refuse such application or it may, if satisfied of the justice of the case, make an order for the rectification of the register. 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors will be authorized
to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, dividends, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any conditions, qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series by resolution
or resolutions. Our Board of Directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights
that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects.
The ability of our Board of Directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares outstanding at the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference
shares are being issued or registered in the IPO. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will receive one-fifth
(1/5) of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all
Class A ordinary shares held by it in connection with the initial business combination. No additional consideration will be required
to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial business combination, as the
consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO. If we enter into a definitive
agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders
of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the Class A ordinary shares will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert its rights in order
to receive the 1/5 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination.
More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election to convert the rights into underlying shares as well as
to return the original rights certificates to us. 

As soon as practicable upon the consummation of
our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt
of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such rights the number of full Class A ordinary shares to
which it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly upon consummation
of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their rights for Class A ordinary
shares should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature and is not intended
to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation of our initial business
combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no ability to avoid delivery
of the shares underlying the rights. 

The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights
will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). We will not issue fractional shares upon conversion of the
rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Cayman law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 5 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing
of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate
the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they
receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless.
Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial
business combination. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law,
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This
provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the
federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. We note, however, that there is uncertainty
as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. 

5 

Dividends 

Subject to the provisions of the Cayman Companies
Act and any rights attaching to any class or classes of shares under and in accordance with the articles: 

the directors may declare dividends or distributions out of
our funds which are lawfully available for that purpose; and 

our shareholders may, by ordinary resolution, declare dividends
but no such dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the directors. 

Subject to the requirements of the Cayman Companies
Act regarding the application of a company s share premium account and with the sanction of an ordinary resolution, dividends may
also be declared and paid out of any share premium account. The directors when paying dividends to shareholders may make such payment
either in cash or in specie. 

Unless provided by the rights attached to a share,
no dividend shall bear interest. 

Our Transfer Agent and Right Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and
our right agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and right agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees
against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its
activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable
to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the
Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the U.S. and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. The
Cayman Companies Act permits mergers and consolidations between Cayman Islands companies and between Cayman Islands companies and
non-Cayman Islands companies provided that the laws of the foreign jurisdiction permit such merger or consolidation. For these
purposes, (a) merger means the merging of two or more constituent companies and the vesting of their undertaking,
property and liabilities in one of such companies as the surviving company, and (b) a consolidation means the
combination of two or more constituent companies into a new consolidated company and the vesting of the undertaking, property and
liabilities of such companies to the consolidated company. In order to effect such a merger or consolidation, the directors of each
constituent company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation, which must then be authorized by (a) a special
resolution of the shareholders of each constituent company, and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such
constituent company s articles of association. The plan must be filed with the Registrar of Companies together with a
declaration as to the solvency of the consolidated or surviving company, a list of the assets and liabilities of each constituent
company and an undertaking that a copy of the certificate of merger or consolidation will be given to the shareholders and creditors
of each constituent company and that notification of the merger or consolidation will be published in the Cayman Islands Gazette.
Court approval is not required for a merger or consolidation which is affected in compliance with these statutory procedures. 

A merger between a Cayman parent company and its
Cayman subsidiary or subsidiaries does not require authorization by a resolution of shareholders. For this purpose, a subsidiary is a
company of which at least 90 of the issued shares entitled to vote are owned by the parent company. 

6 

The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating
security interest of a constituent company is required unless this requirement is waived by a court in the Cayman Islands. 

Except in certain limited circumstances, a dissenting
shareholder of a Cayman Islands constituent company is entitled to payment of the fair value of his or her shares upon dissenting from
a merger or consolidation. The exercise of such dissenter rights will preclude the exercise by the dissenting shareholder of any other
rights to which he or she might otherwise be entitled by virtue of holding shares, except for the right to seek relief on the grounds
that the merger or consolidation is void or unlawful. 

In addition, there are statutory provisions that
facilitate the reconstruction and amalgamation of companies, provided that the arrangement is approved by seventy-five percent (75 in
value of the shareholders or class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by
proxy at a meeting, or meetings, convened for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the arrangement must be sanctioned
by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the court the view that the transaction
ought not to be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it determines that: 

(a) the statutory provisions as to the required majority vote have
been met; 

(b) the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting
in question and the statutory majority are acting bona fide without coercion of the minority to promote interests adverse to those of
the class; 

(c) the arrangement is such that may be reasonably approved by an
intelligent and honest man of that class acting in respect of his interest; and 

(d) the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned
under some other provision of the Cayman Companies Act. 

When a takeover offer is made and accepted by
holders of 90 of the shares affected within four months the offeror may, within a two-month period commencing on the expiration of such
four-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be
made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed in the case of an offer which has been so approved unless
there is evidence of fraud, bad faith or collusion. 

If an arrangement and reconstruction is thus approved,
or if a takeover offer is made and accepted, a dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would
otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of Delaware corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for
the judicially determined value of the shares 

Shareholders Suits. In
principle, we will normally be the proper plaintiff to sue for a wrong done to us as a company and as a general rule, a derivative action
may not be brought by a minority shareholder. However, based on English law authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive
authority in the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands courts can be expected to follow and apply the common law principles (namely the rule
in Foss v. Harbottle and the exceptions thereto) so that a non-controlling shareholder may be permitted to commence a class action against
or derivative actions in the name of the company to challenge: 

(a) an act which is illegal or ultra vires with respect to the company
and is therefore incapable of ratification by the shareholders; 

(b) an act which, although not ultra vires, requires authorization
by a qualified (or special) majority (that is, more than a simple majority) which has not been obtained; and 

(c) an act which constitutes a fraud on the minority 
where the wrongdoers are themselves in control of the company. 

7 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. 

PRC 

The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments
are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law . PRC courts may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with
the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based either on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made
or on principles of reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other forms of written arrangement with the
U.S. that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments. In addition, according to the PRC Civil
Procedures Law , the PRC courts will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the
judgment violates the basic principles of PRC laws or national sovereignty, security, or public interest. As a result, it is uncertain
whether and on what basis a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the U.S. 

It may also be difficult for you or overseas regulators
to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to
obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities.
Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with its counterparts of another country or region
to monitor and oversee cross-border securities activities, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the
U.S. may not be efficient in the absence of a practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the
PRC Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is
allowed to directly conduct investigations or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Article 177 further
provides that Chinese entities and individuals are not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business activities
to foreign agencies without prior consent from the securities regulatory authority of the PRC State Council and the competent departments
of the PRC State Council. While detailed interpretation of or implementing rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the
inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further
increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests. 

Cayman Islands 

The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities
laws as compared to the U.S. and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing
to sue before the Federal courts of the U.S. Our constitutional documents do not contain provisions requiring that disputes, including
those arising under the securities laws of the United States, among us, our officers, directors and shareholders, be arbitrated. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal
counsel that there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands would: 

recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United
States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws; and 

entertain original actions brought in each respective jurisdiction
against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

There is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman
Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the Cayman Islands will in certain circumstances recognize
and enforce a foreign judgment, without any re-examination or re-litigation of matters adjudicated upon, provided such judgment: 

(a) is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction; 

(b) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated
sum for which the judgment has been given; 

(c) is final; 

(d) is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty; 

(e) was not obtained by fraud; and 

(f) is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. 

8 

Subject to the above limitations, in appropriate
circumstances, a Cayman Islands court may give effect in the Cayman Islands to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as declaratory
orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions. 

In addition, two of our directors and officers
are nationals and/or residents of jurisdictions other than the United States, and all or a substantial portion of such persons 
assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within
the United States upon us or such persons, or to enforce against them or against us, including judgments predicated upon the civil
liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. It may also be difficult for you to enforce
judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and
our officers and directors. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. 

We were incorporated as an exempted company with
limited liability under the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands exempted company: 

is a company that conducts its business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands; 

is prohibited from trading in the Cayman Islands with any person,
firm or corporation except in furtherance of the business of the exempted company carried on outside the Cayman Islands (and for this
purpose can effect and conclude contracts in the Cayman Islands and exercise in the Cayman Islands all of its powers necessary for the
carrying on of its business outside the Cayman Islands); 

does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

does not have to make its register of members open to inspection
by shareholders of that company; 

may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future
taxation; 

may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction
and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

may register as a limited duration company; and 

may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that applier to us until the completion of our initial
business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution
is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified
in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders who, being entitled to do so, attend and vote at a general
meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so
authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Other than in certain
exception as described below, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that special resolutions must be
approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who, being entitled to do so, attend and vote at a general meeting for which
notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible
under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

9 

Our initial shareholders, including our sponsor,
who will beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of the IPO (assuming they do not purchase any units in the IPO and
excluding the private placement shares and private place shares) or approximately 22.0 (including the private placement shares and the
representative shares), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will
have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides,
among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within the Combination Period, unless we extend such period pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the
event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or
an independent accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is
not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our
public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about
our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account)
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to (a) provide
holders of our public shares the right to have their shares redeemed or repurchased in connection with a Business Combination pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (b) redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

10 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution approved by at least
two-thirds of such company s shareholders, who being entitled to do so, attend and vote at such general meeting in person or by
proxy. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval
of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless
of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating
to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any
action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares. 

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman
Islands 

In order to comply with legislation or regulations
aimed at the prevention of money laundering, we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require subscribers
to provide evidence to verify their identity and source of funds. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate
the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person. 

We reserve the right to request such information
as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In some cases the directors may be satisfied that no further information is required
since an exemption applies under the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time
to time (the Regulations or any other applicable law. Depending on the circumstances of each application, a detailed verification
of identity might not be required where: 

(a) the subscriber makes the payment for their investment from an
account held in the subscriber s name at a recognized financial institution; or 

(b) the subscriber is regulated by a recognized regulatory authority
and is based or incorporated in, or formed under the law of, a recognized jurisdiction; or 

(c) the application is made through an intermediary which is regulated
by a recognized regulatory authority and is based in or incorporated in, or formed under the law of a recognized jurisdiction and an
assurance is provided in relation to the procedures undertaken on the underlying investors. 

For the purposes of these exceptions, recognition
of a financial institution, regulatory authority or jurisdiction will be determined in accordance with the Regulations by reference to
those jurisdictions recognized by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as having equivalent anti-money laundering regulations. 

In the event of delay or failure on the part of
the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case
any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally debited. 

We also reserve the right to refuse to make any
payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment to such shareholder might result in a breach
of applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered
necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction. 

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects
or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved
with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the
course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report
such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority FRA of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds
of Crime Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police
officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the FRA, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure
relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence
or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

11 

Data Protection in the Cayman Islands Privacy
Notice 

This privacy notice explains the manner in which
the company collects, processes and maintains personal data about investors of the company pursuant to the Data Protection Act, 2017 of
the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time and any regulations, codes of practice or orders promulgated pursuant thereto DPA ). 

The company is committed to processing personal
data in accordance with the DPA. In its use of personal data, the company will be characterized under the DPA as a data controller ,
whilst certain of the company s service providers, affiliates and delegates may act as data processors under the DPA. These
service providers may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to the company. 

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice
that, by virtue of making an investment in the company, the company and certain of the company s service providers may collect,
record, store, transfer and otherwise process personal data by which individuals may be directly or indirectly identified. 

Your personal data will be processed fairly and
for lawful purposes, including (a) where the processing is necessary for the company to perform a contract to which you are a party
or for taking pre-contractual steps at your request (b) where the processing is necessary for compliance with any legal, tax or regulatory
obligation to which the company is subject or (c) where the processing is for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the
company or by a service provider to whom the data are disclosed. As a data controller, we will only use your personal data for the purposes
for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will contact you. 

We anticipate that we will share your personal
data with the company s service providers for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. We may also share relevant personal data
where it is lawful to do so and necessary to comply with our contractual obligations or your instructions or where it is necessary or
desirable to do so in connection with any regulatory reporting obligations. In exceptional circumstances, we will share your personal
data with regulatory, prosecuting and other governmental agencies or departments, and parties to litigation (whether pending or threatened),
in any country or territory including to any other person where we have a public or legal duty to do so (e.g. to assist with detecting
and preventing fraud, tax evasion and financial crime or compliance with a court order). 

Your personal data shall not be held by the company
for longer than necessary with regard to the purposes of the data processing. 

We will not sell your personal data. Any transfer
of personal data outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA. Where necessary, we will
ensure that separate and appropriate legal agreements are put in place with the recipient of that data. 

The company will only transfer personal data in
accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed
to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to
the personal data. 

If you are a natural person, this will affect
you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships)
that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation to your investment into the company, this
will be relevant for those individuals and you should inform such individuals of the content. 

You have certain rights under the DPA, including
(a) the right to be informed as to how we collect and use your personal data (and this privacy notice fulfils the Company s
obligation in this respect) (b) the right to obtain a copy of your personal data (c) the right to require us to stop direct
marketing (d) the right to have inaccurate or incomplete personal data corrected (e) the right to withdraw your consent and
require us to stop processing or restrict the processing, or not begin the processing of your personal data (f) the right to be notified
of a data breach (unless the breach is unlikely to be prejudicial) (g) the right to obtain information as to any countries or territories
outside the Cayman Islands to which we, whether directly or indirectly, transfer, intend to transfer or wish to transfer your personal
data, general measures we take to ensure the security of personal data and any information available to us as to the source of your personal
data (h) the right to complain to the Office of the Ombudsman of the Cayman Islands and (i) the right to require us to delete
your personal data in some limited circumstances. 

If you consider that your personal data has not
been handled correctly, or you are not satisfied with the company s responses to any requests you have made regarding the use of
your personal data, you have the right to complain to the Cayman Islands Ombudsman. The Ombudsman can be contacted by calling +1
(345) 946-6283 or by email at info@ombudsman.ky. 

12 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea022434401ex31-1_eureka.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14A OR 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS AMENDED, AND ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

I, Fen Zhang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 of Eureka Acquisition Corp (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 23, 2024 

/s/ Fen Zhang 

Fen Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea022434401ex31-2_eureka.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14A OR 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS AMENDED, AND ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 

I, Zhechen
Wang , certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 of Eureka Acquisition Corp (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 23, 2024 

/s/ Zhechen Wang 

Zhechen Wang 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea022434401ex32-1_eureka.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Eureka Acquisition Corp (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), I, Fen Zhang, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 23, 2024 

/s/ Fen Zhang 

Fen Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea022434401ex32-2_eureka.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Eureka Acquisition Corp (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), I, Zhechen Wang, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 23, 2024 

/s/ Zheche Wang 

Zheche Wang 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 7
 ea022434401ex97_eureka.htm
 POLICY RELATING TO RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION

Exhibit 97 

Eureka Acquisition Corp 

CLAWBACK POLICY 

OVERVIEW 

In accordance with the applicable
rules (the Nasdaq Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 Rule
10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Board of Directors (the
 Board of Eureka Acquisition Corp (the Company has adopted this Policy (the Policy to provide for the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Incentive-based Compensation (as defined herein) from Executive Officers (as defined
herein). 

RECOVERY OF
ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

Recovery Process 

In the event of an Accounting
Restatement (as defined herein), the Company will reasonably promptly recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received in accordance
with Nasdaq Rules and Rule 10D-1 as follows: 

1. After an Accounting Restatement, the Compensation Committee (if composed entirely of independent directors,
or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of independent directors serving on the Board) (the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received by each Executive Officer and shall promptly notify each Executive
Officer with a written notice containing the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or return of such
compensation, as applicable. 

(a) For Incentive-based Compensation based on (or derived from)
the Company s share price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical
recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement: 

i. The amount to be repaid or returned shall be determined by
the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the Company s share price or total
shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was Received; and 

ii. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination
of such reasonable estimate and provide the relevant documentation as required to Nasdaq. 

2. The Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovering Erroneously Awarded
Compensation based on the particular facts and circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth in Limited Exception 
below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of
an Executive Officer s obligations hereunder. 

3. To the extent that the Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company for any Erroneously Awarded
Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations established by the Company or applicable law, it shall be appropriate
for any such reimbursed amount to be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this
Policy. 

4. To the extent that an Executive Officer fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company
when due, the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable
Executive Officer. The applicable Executive Officer shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred
(including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding
sentence. 

Limited Exception 

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions as set forth in Recovery Process above if the Committee
determines that recovery would be impracticable and any of the following two conditions are met: 

1. The Committee has determined that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the
Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before making this determination, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover
the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempt(s) and provided such documentation to Nasdaq; or 

2. Recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022, provided
that, before determining that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of
home country law, the Company has obtained an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to Nasdaq, that recovery would result in such
a violation and a copy of the opinion is provided to Nasdaq. 

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 

The Company shall file all
disclosures with respect to this Policy required by applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings
and rules. 

PROHIBITION
OF INDEMNIFICATION 

The Company shall not be permitted
to insure or indemnify any Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned or
recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this
Policy. Further, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that is granted, paid or
awarded to an Executive Officer from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recovery of any Erroneously
Awarded Compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date
of this Policy). 

ADMINISTRATION
AND INTERPRETATION 

This Policy shall be administered
by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 

The Committee is authorized
to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this
Policy and for the Company s compliance with Nasdaq Rules, Section 10D, Rule 10D-1 and any other applicable law, regulation, rule
or interpretation of the SEC or Nasdaq promulgated or issued in connection therewith. 

AMENDMENT; TERMINATION 

The Committee may amend this
Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph
to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into
account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any federal
securities laws, SEC rule or Nasdaq rule. 

2 

OTHER RECOVERY
RIGHTS 

This Policy shall be binding
and enforceable against all Executive Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law or guidance from the SEC or Nasdaq, their
beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. The Committee intends that this Policy will be applied
to the fullest extent required by applicable law. Any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan or any other agreement
or arrangement with an Executive Officer shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, an agreement
by the Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu
of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant
to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement
or other arrangement. 

DEFINITIONS 

For purposes of this Policy,
the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 

Accounting Restatement 
means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities
laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to
the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or to correct errors that are not material to previously
issued financial statements but would result in a material misstatement if (a) the errors were left uncorrected in the current report
or (b) the error correction was recognized in the current period (a little r restatement). For the avoidance of doubt, an
out-of-period of adjustment (i.e., when the error is immaterial to the previously issued financial statements and the correction of the
error is also immaterial to the current period) does not trigger a compensation recovery under this Policy because it is not an accounting
restatement. 

Clawback Eligible
Incentive Compensation means all Incentive-based Compensation Received by an Executive Officer (i) on or after October 2, 2023,
the effective date of the applicable Nasdaq Rules, (ii) after beginning service as an Executive Officer, (iii) who served as an Executive
Officer at any time during the applicable performance period relating to any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or not such Executive
Officer is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), (iv) while the Company has
a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during the applicable Clawback
Period (as defined herein). 

Clawback Period 
means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement
Date (as defined herein), and if the Company changes its fiscal year, any transition period of less than nine months within or immediately
following those three completed fiscal years. 

Erroneously Awarded
Compensation means, with respect to each Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Clawback
Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it
been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. For an example of the calculation, see Footnotes
235 and 237 of SEC Release No. 33- 11126 (https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2022/33-11126.pdf). For further guidance on the calculation,
see text accompanying Footnotes 243 and 244 of SEC Release No. 33-11126 regarding cash awards, pool plans and equity awards. 

Executive Officer 
means each individual who is currently or was previously designated as an officer of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1(f)
under the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of an Executive Officer for purposes of this Policy shall include
each executive officer who is or was identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act or Item 6.A of Form 20-F,
as applicable, as well as the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer (or, if there is no principal accounting officer,
the controller). 

Financial Reporting
Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the
Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Share price and total
shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from share price or total shareholder return) shall, for purposes
of this Policy, be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented
in the Company s financial statements or included in a periodic or other filing with the SEC. 

3 

Incentive-based
Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial
Reporting Measure. 

Received 
means, with respect to any Incentive-based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed received
in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award
is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation to the Executive Officer occurs after the end of that period. 

Restatement Date 
means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board or the officers of the Company authorized to take such
action if Board action is not required, conclude(s), or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting
Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 

Effective as of July 2, 2024. 

4 

Exhibit A 

ATTESTATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CLAWBACK
POLICY 

By my signature below, I acknowledge and agree that: 

I have received and read the attached Clawback
Policy (the Policy ). 

I hereby agree to abide by all of the terms of
this Policy both during and after my employment with Eureka Acquisition Corp (the Company ), including, without limitation,
by promptly repaying or returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation (as defined in the Policy) to the Company as determined in accordance
with the Policy. 

Signature:______________________________ 

Printed Name:___________________________ 

Date:__________________________________ 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 eurku-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 eurku-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 eurku-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 eurku-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 eurku-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

