<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-K_edgar_data_1645590_0001645590-24-000139.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26107353</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>845697</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3928089</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10756984</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5205640</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4767053</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001645590-24-000139.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241219082059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001645590-24-000139
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		164
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001645590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER & OFFICE EQUIPMENT [3570]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				473298624
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37483
		FILM NUMBER:		241561047

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1701 E MOSSY OAKS ROAD
		CITY:			SPRING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77389
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-259-9860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1701 E MOSSY OAKS ROAD
		CITY:			SPRING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77389

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001645590-24-000139.txt : 20241219

10-K
 1
 hpe-20241031.htm
 10-K

hpe-20241031 
 
 Table of Conte n t 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates was million based on the last sale price of common stock on April 30, 2024. 
 The number of shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company common stock outstanding as of December 9, 2024 was shares. 

Table of Conte n t 

Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2024 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 40 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 66 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 139 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 139 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 139 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 140 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 141 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 141 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 141 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 142 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 142 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 143 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 149 
 Signatures 
 150 

Table of Conte n t 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. If the risks or uncertainties ever materialize or the assumptions prove incorrect, the results of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and its consolidated subsidiaries Hewlett Packard Enterprise may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, will, estimates, may, likely, could, should and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including but not limited to any anticipated financial or operational benefits associated with the segment realignment that became effective as of the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2024; any projections, estimations or expectations of addressable markets and their sizes, revenue (including annualized revenue run-rate), margins, expenses (including stock-based compensation expenses), investments, effective tax rates, interest rates, the impact of tax law changes and related guidance and regulations, net earnings, net earnings per share, cash flows, liquidity and capital resources, inventory, goodwill, impairment charges, hedges and derivatives and related offsets, order backlog, benefit plan funding, deferred tax assets, share repurchases, currency exchange rates, repayments of debts including our asset-backed debt securities, or other financial items; recent amendments to accounting guidance and any potential impacts on our financial reporting therefrom; any projections or estimations of orders, including as-a-service orders; any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations, as well as the execution and consummation of corporate transactions or contemplated acquisitions (including but not limited to our proposed acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc.) and dispositions (including disposition of our H3C shares and the receipt of proceeds therefrom), research and development expenditures, and any resulting benefits, cost savings, charges, or revenue or profitability improvements; any statements concerning the expected development, performance, market share, or competitive performance relating to products or services; any statements concerning technological and market trends, the pace of technological innovation, and adoption of new technologies, including artificial intelligence-related and other products and services offered by Hewlett Packard Enterprise; any statements regarding current or future macroeconomic trends or events and the impact of those trends and events on Hewlett Packard Enterprise and our financial performance, including but not limited to supply chain dynamics, demand for our products and services, and access to liquidity, and our actions to mitigate such impacts to our business; the scope and duration of outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, public health crises, the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the relationship between China and the U.S., and our actions in response thereto, and their impacts on our business, operations, liquidity and capital resources, employees, customers, partners, supply chain, financial results, and the world economy; any statements regarding future regulatory trends and the resulting legal and reputational exposure, including but not limited to those relating to environmental, social, governance, cybersecurity, data privacy, and artificial intelligence issues; any statements regarding pending litigation, investigations, claims, or disputes; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties, and assumptions include the need to address the many challenges facing Hewlett Packard Enterprise's businesses; the competitive pressures faced by Hewlett Packard Enterprise's businesses; risks associated with executing Hewlett Packard Enterprise's strategy; the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events, including but not limited to heightened global trade restrictions, the use and development of artificial intelligence and the events described above; the need to effectively manage third-party suppliers and distribute Hewlett Packard Enterprise's products and services; the protection of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's intellectual property assets, including intellectual property licensed from third parties and intellectual property shared with its former parent; risks associated with Hewlett Packard Enterprise's international operations (including from public health crises, such as pandemics or epidemics, and geopolitical events, such as, but not limited to, those mentioned above); the development of and transition to new products and services and the enhancement of existing products and services to meet customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends; the execution of Hewlett Packard Enterprise s ongoing transformation and mix shift of its portfolio of offerings; the execution and performance of contracts by Hewlett Packard Enterprise and its suppliers, customers, clients, and partners, including any impact thereon resulting from macroeconomic or geopolitical events, such as, but not limited to, those mentioned above; the prospect of a shutdown of the U.S. federal government; the hiring and retention of key employees; the execution, integration, consummation, and other risks associated with business combination, disposition, and investment transactions, including but not limited to the risks associated with the disposition of H3C shares and the receipt of proceeds therefrom and completion of our proposed acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc. and our ability to integrate and implement our plans, forecasts, and other expectations with respect to the consolidated business; the impact of changes to privacy, cybersecurity, environmental, global trade, and other governmental regulations; changes in our product, lease, intellectual property, or real estate portfolio; the payment or non-payment of a dividend for any period; the efficacy of using non-GAAP, rather than GAAP, financial measures in business projections and planning; the judgments required in connection with determining certain financial metrics; utility of segment realignments; allowances for recovery of receivables and warranty obligations; provisions for, and resolution of, pending litigation, investigations, claims, and disputes; the impacts of tax law changes and related guidance or regulations; and other risks that are described herein, including but not limited to the items discussed in Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this report and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and in other filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hewlett Packard Enterprise assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. 
 1 

Table of Conte n t 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 We are a global technology leader focused on developing intelligent solutions that allow customers to capture, analyze and act upon data seamlessly from edge to cloud. We enable customers to accelerate business outcomes by driving new business models, creating new customer and employee experiences, and increasing operational efficiency today and into the future. Our customers range from small-and-medium-sized businesses to large global enterprises and governmental entities. Our legacy dates back to a partnership founded in 1939 by William R. Hewlett and David Packard, and we strive every day to uphold and enhance that legacy through our dedication to providing innovative technological solutions to our customers. 
 We use the terms Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HPE, the Company, we, us, and our to refer to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company. 
 Our Strategy 
 Over the last several years, new megatrends around edge, cloud, data, and artificial intelligence AI have emerged to shape customer expectations for enterprise technology. First, data at the edge is increasing exponentially, driven by the proliferation of devices that require secure connectivity to enable reliable digital experiences. Second, enterprises need a cloud experience everywhere to manage data and workloads wherever they live across a distributed enterprise. Third, data growth is creating countless new opportunities to generate meaningful business insights. Finally, HPE is seeing a significant technology shift as customers realize the fundamental potential of AI technology to deliver business transformation. 
 In concert with these trends, enterprises are consuming their technology differently. Increasingly, customers want to digitally transform while preserving capital and eliminating operating expense by paying only for the information technology IT they use. 
 The megatrends are ushering in long-lasting changes to IT, including accelerating hybrid multi-cloud adoption. Customers across industry verticals are interested in unifying all the applications and data with a consistent cloud experience. 
 Customers also want to better extract value from their growing stores of rapidly evolving data, knowing that actionable insights from data are critical to deliver business transformations. Data is becoming more unstructured, more time-sensitive, and more distributed. Frequently, data is siloed and spread across different multi-generational IT systems, often trapped in critical legacy architecture. Many organizations cannot adequately gain insights from their data at the edge or face cloud migration challenges because of their legacy applications. Customers need a data-first modernization approach across edge to data center to cloud. 
 HPE has deployed an edge-to-cloud strategy that capitalizes on emergent megatrends and delivers a data-first modernization approach for customers. Our vision to be the edge-to-cloud company has led us to innovate our solutions across networking connectivity, cloud, and data, delivered as-a-service aaS through the HPE GreenLake cloud. We have shifted our mix of products and services, and how we deliver that mix to customers. HPE has evolved to a platform-based model, fueled by a portfolio richer in software and services. In hybrid cloud, we have redefined the cloud space by delivering an experience that is hybrid by design with our HPE GreenLake cloud as the centerpiece of our strategy; it accelerates multi-generation IT transformation through a unified cloud-native and AI-driven experience that empowers customers to access, analyze, and extract value from their data across public clouds, data centers, colocation facilities, and at the edge. The AI market requires a modern and high-performing networking fabric as a core foundation to deliver a more efficient data-center cloud, which we offer through our AI-driven portfolio of networking solutions. Our server business supports both traditional servers and those meant to enable AI workloads with decades of large-scale infrastructure expertise, including technologies like direct liquid cooling that are powering some of our largest AI systems. Our Financial Services FS business complements our solution offerings by helping customers unlock financial capacity. 
 We recognize the AI market will be driven by computational capability, data-intensive workloads, and the need for specialized architecture; thus, we have been targeting, and continue to target three areas: supercomputing, AI infrastructure, and AI platform software. We seek to seize this AI market opportunity by innovating in networking, hybrid cloud and AI which are all essential building blocks to deliver a unified technology experience. We believe that we are differentiated from our competition by our unique and compelling value proposition, which positions us to capture significant value from the growing AI market through our intellectual property portfolio, trusted expertise, and long-term sustained market leadership in supercomputing. 
 The pending acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") further supports the aforementioned strategies and enables us to execute on them. We believe this acquisition will accelerate our edge-to-cloud vision with a full networking IP stack: from silicon, to infrastructure, to the operating system, to security, to software and services, in a cloud-native and AI- 
 2 

Table of Conte n t 

driven approach. Furthermore, through this strategic acquisition, we seek to deliver secure, AI-driven networking solutions, which will be foundational to delivering fully integrated hybrid cloud and AI solutions. 
 Our Business Segments, Products and Services 
 Our operations are organized into five reportable business segments: Server, Hybrid Cloud, Intelligent Edge, Financial Services, and Corporate Investments and Other. The class of similar product categories within each segment which accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated net revenue in each of the past three years was as follows: 
 Fiscal 2024 - Server products, Server services, Intelligent Edge products, Hybrid Cloud products 
 Fiscal 2023 - Server products, Intelligent Edge products, Server services, Hybrid Cloud products 
 Fiscal 2022 - Server products, Server services, Hybrid Cloud products, Intelligent Edge products 
 The Company had two distributors which represented approximately 14 and 11 of the Company's total net revenue in fiscal 2024, primarily within the Intelligent Edge and Server segments. 
 A summary of our net revenue, earnings from operations and assets for our segments can be found in Note 2, Segment Information, to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. A discussion of certain factors potentially affecting our operations is set forth in Item 1A of Part I, Risk Factors. 
 Server 
 Our Server segment offerings consist of general-purpose servers for multi-workload computing and workload-optimized servers to deliver the high performance and value for demanding applications, and integrated systems comprised of software and hardware designed to address high-performance computing and supercomputing (including exascale applications), artificial intelligence, data analytics, and transaction processing workloads for government and commercial customers globally. This portfolio of products includes our secure and versatile HPE ProLiant Rack and Tower servers; HPE Synergy, a composable infrastructure for traditional and cloud-native applications; HPE Scale Up Servers product lines for critical applications, including large enterprise software applications and data analytics platforms; HPE Edgeline servers; HPE Cray EX; HPE Cray XD (formerly known as HPE Apollo); and HPE NonStop. Server offerings also include operational and support services sold with systems and as standalone services. 
 Hybrid Cloud 
 The Hybrid Cloud segment offers a wide variety of cloud-native and hybrid solutions across storage, private cloud and the infrastructure software-as-a-service SaaS space. Storage includes data storage and data management offerings with the HPE Alletra Storage portfolio; unstructured data solutions and analytics for AI; data protection and archiving; and storage networking. It also includes AIOps-driven intelligence with HPE InfoSight and HPE CloudPhysics. In private cloud, our Private Cloud Enterprise offerings include new cloud-native offerings and capabilities for virtual machines, containers, and bare metal; a full suite of private cloud offerings that enable customers to self-manage or choose a fully managed experience. In fiscal 2024, we launched a new offering, Private Cloud AI, that captures the emerging enterprise model fine-tuning, retrieval augmented generation and inference markets for AI solutions. Private Cloud AI is fully integrated, standardized offer that has been co-developed with AI market leader Nvidia, with the goal to provide an out of the box solution for enterprise AI. This segment also provides self-service private cloud on-demand with HPE GreenLake for Private Cloud Business Edition. Infrastructure software includes monitoring and observability for day two operations and beyond through our acquisition of OpsRamp and unified data access through our HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric and analytics suite, which helps move and transform data for use in AI and other applications. Hybrid Cloud segment also includes data lifecycle management and protection through our suite of offerings, including Zerto Disaster Recovery. 
 Intelligent Edge 
 The Intelligent Edge segment offers wired and wireless local area networks, campus, branch, and data center switching, software-defined wide-area-networks, private and public cellular network software, network security, and associated services that enable secure connectivity for businesses of any size. The HPE Aruba Networking product portfolio includes hardware products such as Wi-Fi access points, switches, and gateways. The HPE Aruba Networking software and services portfolio includes cloud-based management, network management, network access control, software-defined wide-area networking, network security, analytics and assurance, location services software, private and public cellular core software, and professional and support services, as well as aaS and consumption models through the HPE GreenLake cloud for the Intelligent Edge portfolio of products. Intelligent Edge offerings are consolidated in the edge service platform, which takes a cloud-native approach that provides customers with a unified framework to meet their connectivity, security, and financial needs across campus, branch, data center, and remote worker environments. Upon closing of the pending acquisition of Juniper Networks, we expect to offer an even more comprehensive portfolio of networking solutions. 
 3 

Table of Conte n t 

Financial Services 
 Financial Services FS provides flexible investment solutions, such as leasing, financing, IT consumption, utility programs, and asset management services for customers that facilitate unique technology deployment models and the acquisition of complete IT solutions, including hardware, software, and services from Hewlett Packard Enterprise and others. FS also supports financial solutions for on-premise flexible consumption models, such as the HPE GreenLake cloud. 
 Corporate Investments and Other 
 Corporate Investments and Other includes the Advisory and Professional Services business, which primarily offers consultative-led services, HPE and partner technology expertise and advice, implementation services as well as complex solution engagement capabilities; the Communications and Media Solutions business, which primarily offers software and related services to the telecommunications industry; and Hewlett Packard Labs, which is responsible for research and development. 
 Our Strengths 
 We believe that we possess a number of competitive advantages that distinguish us from our competitors, including: 
 Edge-to-cloud strategy and solutions uniquely solve customer challenges. As data grows and evolves, enterprises become increasingly distributed, and customers realize the potential in AI technology, HPE s edge-to-cloud strategy is uniquely designed to enable customers to securely access, control, and maximize the value of all their workloads and data assets to accelerate business outcomes. The HPE GreenLake cloud is an open, secure, fully integrated platform that brings a unified experience across the edge, data center, colocation, and cloud. It is automated and easy to consume with capacity available to scale up and down on demand. It offers true pay per use consumption so customers only pay for what they use, and they can have the entire hybrid cloud experience managed for them through our HPE Managed Services offerings. 
 Comprehensive portfolio. We have a distinctive and industry leading portfolio of edge-to-cloud solutions and capabilities to help accelerate our customers' digital transformations and help them capture the opportunity that AI presents for their businesses. We combine our software-defined infrastructure and services capabilities to provide what we believe is the strongest portfolio of enterprise solutions in the IT industry. Our ability to deliver a comprehensive IT strategy and connect our customers' data from edge to cloud, through our high-quality products and high-value consulting and support services in a single package, is one of our principal differentiators. 
 Differentiated consumption-based IT solutions for a growing opportunity. Enterprises of all sizes are looking to digitally transform in order to develop next-generation cloud-native applications, create actionable insights from their data, and drive business growth, but they face many challenges including lack of in-house IT skills, limited budgets and options for financing, and lack of flexibility to choose the technology foundation that best meets their needs. Consumption-based IT offers solutions to these challenges by providing greater agility, which empowers people to shift from managing infrastructure to driving innovation by leveraging insights from their data, while also eliminating capital and operating expenses tied to infrastructure over-provisioning. HPE is distinctly differentiated in delivering a true consumption-based IT experience. 
 Open platforms. The world is shifting from centralized and closed approaches in large data centers to a future of centers of data everywhere, which are highly decentralized and distributed. This shift demands a unified cloud platform that can put the agility and intelligence close to customers data sources to create real-time insights everywhere. We believe the cloud experience should be open and seamless across all our customers' clouds, rather than requiring customers to be locked into a cloud stack. 
 Multi-year innovation roadmap and strong balance sheet. We have been in the technology and innovation business for over 80 years. Our vast intellectual property portfolio and global research and development capabilities are part of a broader innovation roadmap designed to help organizations take advantage of the expanding amount of data available and leverage the latest technology developments such as cloud, artificial intelligence, supercomputing, and cybersecurity to drive business transformations now and in the future. We also have a strong balance sheet and liquidity profile that provide the financial flexibility and speed to take advantage of acquisition opportunities. 
 Global distribution and partner ecosystem. We are experts in delivering innovative technological solutions to our customers in complex multi-country, multi-vendor, and/or multi-language environments. We have expansive go-to-market capabilities, including a large ecosystem of channel partners, which enables us to market and deliver our product offerings to customers located virtually anywhere in the world. Our HPE GreenLake cloud provides open cloud application programming interfaces to our partners, enabling them to better offer their unique solutions to customers. 
 4 

Table of Conte n t 

Custom financial solutions. Through our FS segment, we help customers create investment capacity to accelerate their transformations by helping them free up capital, capture value from older assets, achieve sustainability goals, invest in new technologies aaS, and weather financial volatility. FS is also an enabler of our consumption-based IT models by helping spread our upfront solution costs over the duration of the customer contract. Through FS Technology Renewal Centers, we are helping customers achieve their own sustainability goals by refurbishing technology assets for reuse. 
 Experienced leadership team. Our management team has an extensive track record of performance and execution. We are led by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Antonio Neri, who has proven experience in developing transformative business models, building global brands, and driving sustained growth and expansion in the technology industry. Mr. Neri's experience includes more than 25 years combined at HPE and Hewlett-Packard Company HP Co. in various leadership positions. Our senior management team has many years of experience in our industry and possesses extensive knowledge of and experience in the enterprise IT business and the markets in which we compete. 
 Sales, Marketing, and Distribution 
 We manage our business and report our financial results based on the segments described above. Our customers are organized by commercial and large enterprise groups, including business and public sector enterprises, and purchases of our products, solutions and services may be fulfilled directly by us or indirectly through a variety of partners, including: 
 resellers that sell our products and services, frequently with their own value-added products or services, to targeted customer groups; 
 distribution partners that supply our solutions to resellers; 
 original equipment manufacturers OEMs that integrate our products and services with their own products and services, and sell the integrated solution; 
 independent software vendors that provide their clients with specialized software products and often assist us in selling our products and services to clients purchasing their products; 
 systems integrators that provide expertise in designing and implementing custom IT solutions and often partner with us to extend their expertise or influence the sale of our products and services; and 
 advisory firms that provide various levels of management and IT consulting, including some systems integration work, and typically partner with us on client solutions that require our unique products and services. 
 The mix of our business conducted by direct sales or channel differs substantially by business and region. We believe that customer buying patterns and different regional market conditions require us to tailor our sales, marketing, and distribution efforts accordingly. We are focused on driving the depth and breadth of our coverage, in addition to identifying efficiencies and productivity gains, in both our direct and indirect businesses. This has resulted in a combined go-to-market model, in which we have a direct sales presence in a number of countries, while we sell and deliver our products, solutions, and services through a channel-only model in the remaining countries. In those countries where we have a direct sales presence, we follow a bifurcated sales operational model with separate go-to-market routes for high-velocity, transactional hardware sales, on the one hand and for services and solutions, on the other hand. Also, we typically assign an account manager to manage relationships across our business with large enterprise customers as well as with large public sector accounts. The account manager is supported by a team of specialists with product and services expertise. For other customers, our businesses collaborate to manage relationships with commercial resellers targeting smaller accounts, both in the commercial and public sector space. 
 Manufacturing and Materials 
 We utilize a significant number of outsourced and contract manufacturers around the world to manufacture products that we design. The use of outsourced and contract manufacturers is intended to generate cost efficiencies and reduce time to market for our products as well as create manufacturing flexibility in our supply chain and processes. In some circumstances, third-party OEMs produce products that we purchase and resell under our brand. In addition to our use of outsourced and contract manufacturers, we currently manufacture a limited number of finished products from components and subassemblies that we acquire from a wide range of vendors. 
 Historically, we have utilized two primary methods of fulfilling demand for products: building products to order and configuring products to order. We build products to order to maximize manufacturing and logistics efficiencies by producing high volumes of basic product configurations. Alternatively, configuring products to order enables units to match a customer's particular hardware and software customization requirements. Our inventory management and distribution practices in both building products to order and configuring products to order seek to minimize inventory holding periods by taking delivery of the inventory and manufacturing shortly before the sale or distribution of products to our customers. 
 5 

Table of Conte n t 

We purchase materials, supplies, and product subassemblies from a substantial number of vendors. For most of our products, we have existing alternate sources of supply or such alternate sources of supply are readily available. However, we do rely on single-source suppliers for certain customized parts (although some of these sources have operations in multiple locations in the event of a disruption) and a disruption or loss of a single-source supplier could delay production of some products. In some instances, our single-source suppliers (e.g., Intel and AMD as suppliers of certain x86 processors) are also the single-source suppliers for the entire market; disruptions with these suppliers would result in industry-wide dislocations and therefore would not disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. 
 Like other participants in the IT industry, we ordinarily acquire materials and components through a combination of blanket and scheduled purchase orders to support our demand requirements for periods averaging 90 to 120 days. From time to time, we experience significant price volatility or supply constraints for certain components that are not available from multiple sources due to certain events taking place where our suppliers are geographically concentrated. When necessary, we are often able to obtain scarce components for somewhat higher prices on the open market, which may have an impact on our gross margin, but does not generally disrupt production. We also acquire component inventory in anticipation of supply constraints, or enter into longer-term pricing commitments with vendors to improve the priority, price, and availability of supply. See Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading We depend on third-party suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our supplier relationships properly. 
 We rely on proactive inventory buffering measures in order to position ourselves well for availability of those components. We intend to take additional inventory actions as appropriate in alignment to the market demand, and plan to continue leveraging strong partnerships and long-term agreements with our suppliers. 
 Backlog 
 Backlog represents the price of orders related to current or prior periods for which work has not been performed or goods have not been delivered as of the reporting period. Orders reflected in backlog are subject to adjustment, including as a result of re-bookings, cancellations and fulfillment issues, which may impact backlog. 
 The adverse impact of the global pandemic on the supply chain has moderated, resulting in a more balanced supply-and-demand environment and improved component availability. Challenges in global logistics have mostly normalized despite some uncertainty related to regional conflicts and port labor disputes. Our overall demand pipeline has improved since the beginning of fiscal 2024 as customers have been digesting through their inventory. Even though demand across our AI product portfolio, including for high performance graphics and accelerated processing units, continues to be somewhat uneven, due to the lumpiness of deals that can cause fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, AI systems demand in the midst of persisting data center space availability constraints continued to drive significant AI backlog. The supply and demand environment for GPUs continues to remain uneven as the market navigates transition to next generation GPUs. These dynamics have resulted in our inventory levels being elevated as compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, and we are closely monitoring inventory levels as the market navigates a transition to next-generation GPUs. 
 International 
 Our products and services are available worldwide. We believe geographic diversity allows us to meet demand on a worldwide basis for our customers, draws on business and technical expertise from a worldwide workforce, provides stability to our operations, provides revenue streams that may offset geographic economic trends, and offers us an opportunity to access new markets for maturing products. 
 A summary of our domestic and international results is set forth in Note 2, Segment Information, to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. Approximately 64 of our overall net revenue in fiscal 2024 came from sales outside the United States. 
 For a discussion of certain risks attendant to our international operations, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, and financial condition, and We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk in Item 7A of Part II, and Note 13, Financial Instruments, to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 6 

Table of Conte n t 

Research and Development 
 Innovation is a key element of our culture and critical to our success. Our research and development efforts R D are focused on designing and developing products, services, and solutions that anticipate customers' changing needs and desires and emerging technological trends. Our efforts also are focused on identifying the areas where we believe we can make a unique contribution and where partnering with other leading technology companies will leverage our cost structure and maximize our customers' experiences. 
 Expenditures for R D were 2.2 billion in fiscal 2024, 2.3 billion fiscal 2023, and 2.0 billion in fiscal 2022. We anticipate that we will continue to have significant R D expenditures in the future to support the design and development of innovative, high-quality products, services, and solutions to maintain and enhance our competitive position. 
 Included in the R D work currently taking place at the Company are the following initiatives: 
 In Server, we are developing high-quality next-generation compute solutions that encompass servers, server-attached options, and software, integrating the latest industry technology and aligning with our customers' evolving needs. Furthermore, we are advancing our SaaS capabilities by creating cloud-native, cloud-based server management solutions to enhance our existing portfolio. In the high performance computing and AI sector, our investments are focused on pioneering leadership computing solutions that deliver superior performance and efficiency. These solutions feature leading edge silicon architectures, high-speed interconnects, advanced storage and innovative direct liquid cooling. Our R D efforts in the realm of AI are particularly robust, with new server solutions designed for AI inference engines and integrated into larger HPE Private Cloud AI for inferencing, retrieval augmented generation, and model fine-tuning. Large-scale model training and tuning, including natural language processing, large language models, and multi-modal training for models with trillions of parameters are supported by our leading AI solutions. These efforts are bolstered by the development of high-performance computing tools, cloud-native and scalable cluster management software, and transaction processing software, which have been instrumental in achieving our milestone of delivering the world's first exascale supercomputer. 
 In Hybrid Cloud, we are investing in a comprehensive portfolio of storage and private cloud technologies and capabilities that are focused on enabling customers to transform through the power of data and AI, modernize their IT infrastructure and simplify hybrid operations, delivering a cloud operational experience via the HPE GreenLake cloud. We continue to invest in the storage portfolio aligned with the customers evolving data and AI needs. We have extended the deployment model from on-premise and cloud-adjacent to include software-defined cloud native deployments in Amazon Web Services. In private cloud, we are developing fully integrated hardware-software offers that simplify day-to-day management, operations and data protection, enables an on-premise public-cloud like experience while addressing security, privacy, governance, and regulatory compliance needs. The investment includes airgapped/disconnected offers and offers for heavy data traffic and latency requirements at the edge. In the AI space, we have invested in building turn-key integrated systems co-engineered with Nvidia that integrate HPE AI hardware and software technologies with Nvidia technologies to radically increase time to value of GenAI capabilities optimized for inferencing, retrieval augmented generation, and model fine-tuning. We have expanded our cloud observability and orchestration capabilities and virtualization options through the acquisitions of OpsRamp (observability) and Morpheus (orchestration), extending our ability to simplify IT complexity in multi-cloud and multi-vendor environments. Finally, we have been rapidly developing an enterprise-grade hypervisor for virtual machines, along with the ability to manage cloud-native applications using containerization, or specialized workload needs with bare metal as a service. 
 In Intelligent Edge, we are investing in a broad portfolio of networking and security capabilities, addressing remote, branch, campus, data center, and cloud use cases. We are expanding our wireless access portfolio to include new Wi-Fi (e.g., Wi-Fi 7) and private cellular (4G, LTE, and 5G) products to complement our existing portfolio. We have expanded our security capabilities with last year s acquisition of Secure Service Edge SSE provider Axis Security and delivering stand-alone SSE, and integrating security with our software-defined wide area network SD-WAN capabilities to deliver a single-vendor Secure Access Services Edge solution. In our Ethernet Switch portfolio, we are investing in new Data Center Networking platforms and features to expand our total addressable market to complement the campus and branch segment. We leverage the HPE GreenLake cloud to provide consistent access to our aaS capabilities and enable new business models, including network-as-a-service. We also are investing in automation, machine learning, and AI-based network operations to optimize user experience and improve operator efficiency, as exemplified by our cloud-native Aruba Central cloud service, which is expected to provide manageability across our entire portfolio, including Wireless LAN, Ethernet switching, SD-WAN, and security. 
 In Hewlett Packard Labs, we are focused on disruptive innovation and applied research in collaboration with other HPE business groups to deliver differentiated intellectual property. Our innovation agenda is focused on developing technologies in the areas of system architecture, networking, AI, sustainability, edge-to-cloud, quantum computing, and sustainability. We also continue to invest in our silicon design capability to accelerate the development and delivery of our technology. 
 7 

Table of Conte n t 

For a discussion of risks attendant to our R D activities, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading If we cannot successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering our entire portfolio aaS, our business, operating results, and financial performance may suffer. 
 Patents 
 Our general policy is to seek patent protection for those inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. As of October 31, 2024, our worldwide patent portfolio included approximately 13,000 issued and pending patents. 
 Patents generally have a term of up to 20 years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of the individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. We believe that our patents and patent applications are important for maintaining the competitive differentiation of our products and services, enhancing our freedom of action to sell our products and services in markets in which we choose to participate, and maximizing our return on research and development investments. No single patent is in itself essential to our company as a whole or to any of our business segments. 
 In addition to developing our patent portfolio, we license intellectual property from third parties as we deem appropriate. We have also granted and continue to grant to others licenses and other rights under our patents when we consider these arrangements to be in our interest. These license arrangements include a number of cross-licenses with third parties. 
 For a discussion of risks attendant to intellectual property rights, see Risk factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend and Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties. 
 Seasonality 
 From time to time, the markets in which we sell our products, services, and solutions experience weak economic conditions that may negatively affect sales. We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products and services. For example, European sales are often weaker in the summer months. See Risk factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. 
 Competition 
 We have a broad technology portfolio of enterprise IT infrastructure products, solutions, and services which includes our aaS offerings. We encounter strong competition in all areas of our business. We compete primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, and the availability of our IT infrastructure offerings. 
 The markets in which we compete are characterized by strong competition among major corporations with long-established positions and a large number of new and rapidly growing firms. Most product life cycles are relatively short, and to remain competitive we must develop new products and services, continuously enhance our existing products and services and compete effectively on the basis of the factors listed above, among others. In addition, we compete with many of our current and potential partners, including OEMs that design, manufacture, and market their products under their own brand names. Our successful management of these competitive partner relationships is critical to our future success. Moreover, we anticipate that we will have to continue to adjust prices on many of our products and services to stay competitive. 
 The competitive environments in which our segments operate are described below: 
 Server business operates in the highly competitive enterprise data center infrastructure market and the markets for data-intensive high performance supercomputing, analytics, and artificial intelligence infrastructure solutions, which are characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation. Our primary competitors in data center infrastructure are technology vendors, such as Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd. In certain regions, we also experience competition from local companies and from generically branded or white-box manufacturers. Our primary competitors in high performance infrastructure include technology vendors that can design and build solutions that deliver performance scalability and connectivity necessary to handle super-compute and AI workloads, including Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd., Fujitsu Network Communications, Inc., and Atos Information Technology Incorporated. In our software platform for AI model development and deployment, we both compete and cooperate with cloud service providers and start-up companies that deliver platforms for AI model training, tuning, and inferencing. Our strategy is to deliver superior products, high-value technology support services, and differentiated 
 8 

Table of Conte n t 

integrated solutions that combine our infrastructure, software, and services capabilities. Our competitive advantages include our broad end-to-end solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. 
 Hybrid Cloud is our private cloud services solutions business consisting of HPE s GreenLake and Storage solutions, and associated private cloud software offerings. Hybrid cloud solutions enable HPE to take care of the infrastructure, so customers can focus on managing workloads and fostering innovation. Our primary competitors are other infrastructure and cloud management software technology vendors, such as Broadcom/VMware, Cisco Systems Inc., Dell Technologies Inc., IBM, NetApp Inc., Nutanix, and Pure Storage and public cloud vendors like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Our strategy is to deliver a secure and scalable cloud-like experience across any app or mission-critical workload traditional or cloud-native. 
 Intelligent Edge operates in the highly competitive networking and connectivity infrastructure market, which is characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation and price competition. Our primary competitors are technology vendors, such as Cisco Systems, Inc., Extreme Networks, Inc., Arista Networks Inc, Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet, Juniper Networks, Ruckus Networks, and Ubiquiti and networking-as-a-service vendors such as Nile and Meter. Our strategy is to deliver superior enterprise wired and wireless local-area, wide-area and data-center networking components and software, routing technology, high-value technology support services, and differentiated integrated solutions that combine our infrastructure, software, and services capabilities. Our competitive advantage includes our broad end-to-end solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. 
 Financial Services. In our financing business, our primary competitors are captive financing companies, such as IBM Global Financing, Dell Financial Services, and Cisco Capital, as well as banks and other financial institutions. Our primary IT Asset Disposition ITAD competitors are ERI, Ingram Micro, Sage Sustainable Electronics, and Sims Recycling Solutions. We believe our competitive advantage over banks, other financial institutions, and ITAD providers is our ability to bring together our investment solutions with our expertise in managing technology assets. Not only are we able to deliver investment solutions that help customers create unique technology deployments based on specific business needs, but we also help them extract value from existing IT investments while more efficiently managing the retirement of those assets. All of these solutions can help customers accelerate digital transformation, create new budget streams, and meet Circular Economy objectives. 
 For a discussion of certain risks attendant to these competitive environments, see Risk factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At HPE we are united by our purpose, which is to advance the way people live and work. We believe technology s greatest promise lies in its potential for positive change. This is the guidepost for each decision we make at HPE. We believe it not only helps guide our contribution to society, but also makes good business sense. Our company strives to be an engine of innovation, and our approximately 61,000 employees as of October 31, 2024, are proud of the ways our technology enables our customers to achieve meaningful outcomes like curing disease, modernizing farming, addressing world-hunger, and democratizing transportation through autonomous vehicles. 
 Our Culture - We recognize the importance of talent and culture to the success of HPE and our ability to fulfill our purpose. We have identified four key cultural beliefs that guide how we lead on a daily basis: accelerating what s next, bold moves, the power of yes we can, and being a force for good. We embed these beliefs in a deep-rooted DNA that puts customers first, enabling us to partner, innovate, and act with integrity. HPE has remained committed to its focus on internalizing these values into a vibrant culture that creates a superior team member experience and a highly engaged workforce, driving improvements across our communications, our reward programs, our talent/performance programs, and our work environment. Through such efforts, we aim to foster a collaborative, inclusive, and inspiring experience for all our team members and to make HPE a destination for talent while driving high-performance and growth opportunities for our team members, and innovation and excellence for our customers. In the midst of the above, we continually seek feedback from our team members to better understand and improve their experiences and identify opportunities to continually strengthen our culture. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion - At HPE, we are committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace. By fostering a culture where our people can freely contribute their perspectives, ideas, and experiences, we can fuel innovation, drive transformational changes, and be a force for good by harnessing the potential of our technologies and our team members. In 2024, we continued to advance our global approach of enhancing the composition of our workforce, by selecting regional leaders responsible for engaging team members, core human resources professionals, business stakeholders, and external 
 9 

Table of Conte n t 

partners to identify areas of focus to advance unconditional inclusion. We also expanded our voluntary, and confidential self-identification program, Count me in. I belong! from the US, Puerto Rico and the U.K, to include Mexico, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia and India for the first time. We continue to develop new and inclusive pipelines of talent in science, technology, engineering, and math STEM professions through our dedicated HPE STEM Discovery Program. This program equips and enables HPE team members to serve as STEM education and digital inclusion volunteers in their local communities, exposing learners to cutting-edge technology and raising awareness about careers in technology. The Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Voice of the Workforce index within our annual global engagement survey continued to reveal strong engagement scores across our ethnically diverse and female team members. Our Board, Chief Executive Officer CEO ), and Executive Committee model high standards for our efforts to drive an unconditionally inclusive environment and oversee efforts throughout the Company leadership to continuously develop their inclusive leadership acumen. 
 Talent - We are dedicated to attracting, developing, and retaining top talent through substantial investment. Our commitment extends to all career stages. We establish transparent goals, promote accountability, and continuously evaluate and nurture talent. About 95 of employees engaged in HPE s My Success Plan program, which entails quarterly 1:1 conversations with leaders, centered on performance, progress, and career aspirations. The dynamic nature of our industry allows team members to thrive in their current roles while acquiring new skills. Over the past year, our approximately 61,000 team members completed over 821,000 online and instructor-led courses across various categories, including leadership, inclusion and diversity, professional skills, technical training, and compliance. We are particularly focused on identifying and cultivating the next generation of exceptional leaders, emphasizing technical expertise. Our annual talent and succession review, conducted with our CEO and Executive Committee, aims to accelerate talent development, enhance succession pipelines, and improve diversity in our key positions. 
 Pay Equity - We believe people should be paid equitably for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race, or other personal characteristics. We maintain policies to promote equal pay, and we regularly review our global pay practices with an aim to pay team members in similar roles and locations commensurately with their experience and responsibilities. We partner with independent third-party experts to conduct annual pay assessments and identify unexplained gaps between our present state and our goal of equitable pay treatment for all team members. Where these reviews identify such gaps at a country-wide level, we adjust compensation to eliminate the gap. As a result of our efforts, our most recent pay equity review demonstrated that we have achieved pay parity for base compensation and bonus targets between male and female team members in the U.S. (including among underrepresented ethnicities), and a dozen additional countries throughout the world, when accounting for job title, time-in-role, experience, and location. We conduct a number of compensation analyses in other countries to provide competitive and equitable pay. 
 Work That Fits Your Life - This global initiative, which was launched in 2019, is an important example of how HPE is investing in our culture and creating a team member experience that aims to make HPE a destination of choice for the best talent in the industry. It includes an industry-leading paid parental leave program (minimum 6 months), part-time work opportunities for new parents or team members transitioning to retirement, and Wellness Fridays that allows team members a full Friday off four times per year to focus on their well-being. The HPE Global Wellness Program is a comprehensive program that promotes overall health and well-being by providing team members with programs and resources that offer flexibility built around team member needs while continuing to deliver on critical business results. The program consists of four pillars: physical health, financial well-being, mental and emotional health, and community well-being. Additionally, we offer a hybrid work environment for the majority of our team members, encouraging two days in the office per week for collaboration. 
 Total Rewards - HPE requires a uniquely talented workforce and is committed to providing total rewards that are market-competitive and performance based, designed to drive innovation and operational excellence. Our compensation programs, practices, and policies reflect our commitment to reward short- and long-term performance that aligns with, and drives stockholder value. Total direct compensation is generally positioned within a competitive range of the market median, with differentiation based on tenure, skills, proficiency, and performance to attract and retain key talent. 
 Board Oversight - Our Board of Directors oversees our human capital management strategy and programs. Our HR and Compensation Committee provides oversight of our human resources and workforce management programs, including but not limited to those related to corporate culture; compensation plans and policies; diversity and inclusion; and talent acquisition, development, and retention. 
 HPE s strong and healthy culture is critical to accelerating what s next for our customers and partners and the success of our company. We believe that a workforce that is energized and more engaged will fuel our ability to pivot and grow, which will, in turn, power the next chapter at Hewlett Packard Enterprise. 
 10 

Table of Conte n t 

Environmental Sustainability 
 Living Progress is our business strategy for creating sustainable and responsible IT solutions that meet the technology demands of the future, while advancing the way people live and work. Anchored to our edge-to-cloud offerings and bolstered by our sustainability credentials, our Living Progress strategy provides us with a competitive advantage in the market as we help our customers achieve not only their business objectives, but also their IT sustainability goals. A legacy of sustainability leadership supports talent acquisition and retention and enables ongoing access to global markets. The HPE Board of Directors, including through its committees, provides oversight of our Living Progress strategy, risks, practices, policies, and disclosures, to support integration with our core business strategy. 
 Sustainability performance is a core business discipline within HPE. HPE aims to become a net-zero enterprise by 2040, with interim targets set across our value chain for 2030. These climate targets are approved by the Science Based Target initiative and align with the latest climate science. Our commitment is supported by our Net-Zero Roadmap, which defines the levers we plan to prioritize to enable us to deliver on our near- and long-term carbon emissions reduction targets and outlines key assumptions with respect to our reduction targets. 
 In 2024, the majority of our greenhouse gas emissions resulted from our customers' use of our products and solutions. We recognize the opportunity to innovate technologies for a carbon-constrained world and are committed to delivering products and solutions that empower our customers to reduce the carbon footprints of their IT estates while also gaining maximum productivity from their IT investments and reducing costs. For instance, the latest generation of HPE ProLiant Gen 11 Servers enables customers to consolidate and grow compute capabilities while lowering the cost of power, cooling, floor space, and licensing. 
 To enable market access across the globe and aid customers in selecting more sustainable IT solutions, many of our products are certified by eco-labels such as Electronic Product Environment Assessment Tool, Energy STAR, China SEPA and the China Energy Conservation Program. 
 Supply Chain Responsibility and Human Rights 
 We manage our supply chain to help reduce risk, improve product quality, achieve environmental and social goals, and improve overall performance and value creation for our customers, partners, and suppliers. We are conscious of the importance of the responsible use of our products. In an effort to prevent intended and unintended harm, we continue to consider who purchases our offerings and how they are used by, among other things, limiting features, including responsible use clauses, monitoring for risk of alternate end uses, and promoting deployment of AI with safeguards, such as user training and ongoing checks and refinement to mitigate bias and improve accuracy. 
 Human rights principles are embedded in how we do business, and we are committed to holding our entire value chain to high ethical standards that respect such principles. We have processes in place to enable the early detection of forced labor and have implemented due diligence procedures to monitor and help prevent human rights violations or abuses at our suppliers and in our operations. Additionally, through our Responsible Minerals Program, we work to advance the responsible sourcing of minerals used in our products and within our supply chain. 
 Our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion extends beyond our workforce and to our suppliers, as well. We believe a diverse supply chain and equity in sourcing not only creates opportunities for underrepresented and underserved communities, but also contributes to the resiliency of our supply chain and of our communities. 
 We are also committed to the responsible and ethical development and deployment of new technologies to advance how we live and work, and we continue to build on our existing responsible development work, particularly in relation to AI. We have an executive level AI Ethics Responsibility Committee and an operational AI Ethics Working Group, through which we aim to align the development, deployment, and use of AI with HPE's AI Ethical Principles, promoting privacy-enabled and secure, human focused, inclusive, robust, and responsible use of AI. In 2022, we refined our approach to assessing ethical AI and rolled out AI Ethical Principles training. In 2023, we further advanced this initiative by launching three new sub-committees to help us operationalize our principles for: Products (AI we develop), Processes (AI we source to use), and Partnerships (AI we source to incorporate into our solutions). In 2024, we rolled out a broader AI Governance model and developed tools to drive efficiency in the AI ethics assessment process. 
 While the HPE Board of Directors and all of its committees take an integrated, rather than siloed, approach to providing oversight of Living Progress matters, including environmental sustainability, supply chain responsibility, and human rights, our Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee is primarily responsible for oversight of our broader Living Progress strategy, initiatives, risks, and policies. 
 11 

Table of Conte n t 

Material Government Regulations 
 Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and our products and services are governed by a number of rules and regulations. Costs and accruals incurred to comply with these governmental regulations are presently not material to our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future government laws applicable to our operations, services or products will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position, we do not currently anticipate material expenditures for government regulations. Nonetheless, as discussed below, we believe that global trade and certain environmental regulations could potentially materially impact our business. 
 Environment 
 Our products and operations are, or may in the future be, subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the environment, including, among others, laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water; supply chain due diligence, and sustainability, environment and emissions-related reporting; the management, movement, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites; product compliance and safety, such as repairability, chemical composition, packaging and labeling; energy consumption of our products and services; and the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances. We proactively evaluate, and at times replace materials in our products and supply chain, taking into account, among other things, published lists of substances of concern, new and upcoming legal requirements, customer preferences and scientific analysis that indicates a potential impact to human health or the environment. We are also subject to legislation in an increasing number of jurisdictions that makes producers of electrical goods, including servers and networking equipment, subject to certain repairability requirements or financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of past and future covered products (sometimes referred to as product take-back legislation ). We are also subject to standards set by public and private entities related to sustainability issues such as energy consumption, carbon emissions, reusing or recycling. Finally, as climate change and other environmental-related laws, regulations, treaties, and similar initiatives and programs are adopted and implemented throughout the world, we will be required to comply or potentially face market access limitations or other sanctions, including fines. In the event our products are impacted by these laws or standards, our products could be restricted from entering certain jurisdictions or from being procured by certain governments or private companies, and we could face other sanctions, including fines. However, we believe that technology will be fundamental to finding solutions to achieve compliance with and manage those requirements, and we are collaborating with industry, business groups and governments to find and promote ways that our technology can be used to address climate change and other environmental-related issues, and to facilitate compliance with related laws, regulations and treaties. We are committed to maintaining compliance with all environmental and environmental-related laws applicable to our operations, products and services, and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. We support this commitment with a range of comprehensive policies, including relating to environmental, health and safety, climate, water, and electronic waste; a strict environmental management of our operations and worldwide environmental programs and services; an extensive supply chain responsibility program; and an approach to ethical standards and strong governance that are the foundations of our business. 
 Global Trade 
 As a global company, the import and export of our products and services are subject to laws and regulations including international treaties, U.S. export controls and sanctions laws, customs regulations, and local trade rules around the world. Such laws, rules, and regulations may delay the introduction of some of our products or impact our competitiveness through restricting our ability to do business in certain places or with certain entities and individuals, or the need to comply with domestic preference programs, laws concerning transfer and disclosure of sensitive or controlled technology or source code, unique technical standards, localization mandates, and duplicative in-country testing and inspection requirements. The consequences of any failure to comply with domestic and foreign trade regulations could limit our ability to conduct business globally. We continue to support open trade policies that recognize the importance of integrated cross-border supply chains that will continue to contribute to the growth of the global economy and measures that standardize compliance for manufacturers to ensure that products comply with safety and security requirements. 
 For a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact us, see Regulatory and Government Risks within Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I. 
 Additional Information 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K may include trademarks and trade names owned by other parties, and all other such trademarks and trade names mentioned in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 
 12 

Table of Conte n t 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following are our current executive officers: 
 Name Age Position Antonio Neri 57 President and Chief Executive Officer Marie Myers 
 56 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 John F. Schultz 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Legal Officer Kristin Major 
 52 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Gerri A. Gold 66 Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, HPE Financial Services Fidelma Russo 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, and General Manager of Hybrid Cloud Neil B. MacDonald 56 Executive Vice President, General Manager of Server 
 Philip J. Mottram 56 Executive Vice President, General Manager of Intelligent Edge Jeremy K. Cox 47 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer 
 Kirt P. Karros 55 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Financial Planning Analysis 

Antonio Neri; President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Mr. Neri has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2017 and February 2018, respectively. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Enterprise Group from November 2015 to June 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Neri served in a similar role for HP Co.'s Enterprise Group from October 2014 to November 2015. Mr. Neri served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Servers business unit from September 2013 to October 2014 and concurrently as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Networking business unit from May 2014 to October 2014. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Technology Services business unit from August 2011 to September 2013 and as Vice President, Customer Services for the HP Personal Systems Group from 2007 to August 2011, having first joined HP Co. in 1996. Since December 2017, Mr. Neri has served as a director of Elevance Health, Inc. (formerly Anthem, Inc.), a health insurance provider in the U.S. 
 Marie Myers; Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Ms. Myers has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since January 2024, responsible for leading all aspects of our finance and strategy organizations. She partners closely with the CEO to develop and execute the long-term strategy for the Company. Prior to that, she served as the Chief Financial Officer of HP Inc. from February 2021 to January 2024, as well as numerous other leadership positions at HP Inc.: Interim Chief Financial Officer from October 2020 to February 2021, Chief Transformation Officer from June 2020 to February 2021, and Chief Digital Officer from March 2020 to October 2020. Prior to that, she served as Chief Financial Officer of UiPath, Inc., a robotic process automation company, from December 2018 to December 2019. 
 John F. Schultz; Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Legal Officer 
 Mr. Schultz has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Legal Officer since July 2020, responsible for overseeing all aspects of our operations and shaping our operational strategies. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary from December 2017 to July 2020 and as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from November 2015 to December 2017, performing a similar role at HP Co. from April 2012 to November 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Schultz served as Deputy General Counsel for Litigation, Investigations and Global Functions at HP Co. from September 2008 to April 2012 and as a partner in the litigation practice at Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP, a law firm, where, among other clients, he supported HP Co. as external counsel on a variety of litigation and regulatory matters. 
 Kristin Major; Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer 
 Ms. Major has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer since February 2024, leading the global HR function, driving business growth and transformation through employee engagement; performance-led talent management; comprehensive rewards; and culture development. Prior to that, she served as Chief Talent Officer from March 2023 to January 2024, as Senior Vice President, Human Resources from January 2020 to March 2023, and as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel of Global Functions and Security from December 2011 until January 2020. Before joining Hewlett Packard 
 13 

Table of Conte n t 

Enterprise, she served as a counsel in the labor and employment practice at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP, a law firm. 
 Gerri A. Gold; Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, HPE Financial Services 
 Ms. Gold has served as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of HPE Financial Services since February 2023. In this role, she leads HPE Financial Services, the global financing and asset management organization that supports HPE s edge-to-cloud strategy, and helps customers and partners accelerate their transformation. From May 2018 to February 2023, she served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of HPE Financial Services, and from August 2015 to May 2018, as the Vice President Global Accounts, Sales, Marketing and Managing Director Asset Management of HPE Financial Services. 
 Fidelma Russo; Executive Vice President, General Manager of Hybrid Cloud and Chief Technology Officer 
 Ms. Russo has served as our Executive Vice President, General Manager of our Hybrid Cloud business segment, and Chief Technology Officer since November 2023. Prior to that, Ms. Russo served as Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer from September 2021 to October 2023. Prior to joining Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Ms. Russo was Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Cloud Services business unit at VMware from May 2020 to September 2021 and the Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of Global Technology Operations at Iron Mountain, Inc. from March 2017 to May 2020. Additionally, Ms. Russo has served on the board of directors at Equinix, Inc. as a member of its audit committee since 2022. 
 Neil B. MacDonald; Executive Vice President, General Manager of Server 
 Mr. MacDonald has served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Server business since February 2024, responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations and shaping the strategy of the Server business unit. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Compute business from March 2022 to January 2024, as Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Compute business from February 2020 to March 2022, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Compute Solutions group of the then Hybrid IT business segment, from November 2018 to February 2020. 
 Philip J. Mottram; Executive Vice President, General Manager of Intelligent Edge 
 Mr. Mottram has served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Intelligent Edge business since March 2022. Previously, he served as the President of our Intelligent Edge business from June 2021 to March 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Mottram served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Communications Technology Group from April 2019 to June 2021. Before joining Hewlett Packard Enterprise, he served as the Chief Revenue Officer of Zayo Group, a communications infrastructure provider, from November 2017 to February 2019, where he was responsible for all customer-facing functions. Prior to that, Mr. Mottram served as Director of the Enterprise Business Unit of Vodafone from May 2014 to November 2017, the Chief Executive Officer of Hong Kong CSL from September 2012 to May 2014, and Executive Director of Global Sales at Telstra International from September 2010 to September 2012, as well as a variety of different operational roles at other telecommunications companies. 
 Jeremy K. Cox; Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer 
 Mr. Cox has served as our Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer since January 2024. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer from August 2023 to January 2024, as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer from July 2022 to August 2023, as Senior Vice President, Global Tax and Head of Products and Services Finance from May 2021 to July 2022, and as Senior Vice President, Global Tax, Financial Planning and Analysis, and Global Functions Finance from November 2018 to May 2021, among numerous other leadership positions. Prior to joining HP Inc. in 2008, Mr. Cox was Senior Tax Counsel for Electronic Data Systems. 
 Kirt P. Karros; Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Financial Planning Analysis 
 Mr. Karros has served as our Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Financial Planning Analysis since March 2024, responsible for all treasury operations and overseeing financial planning and strategy for HPE and our business units. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations from May 2022 to March 2024, overseeing all treasury and investor relations-related activities. Previously, he served as our Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from November 2015 to May 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Karros served in a similar role at HP Co., leading its treasury and investor relations functions. 
 14 

Table of Conte n t 

Available Information 
 Our website is located at www.hpe.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available on our website at http://investors.hpe.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors' committee charters (including the charters of the Audit Committee, Finance and Investment Committee, HR and Compensation Committee, Technology Committee, and Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee) and code of ethics entitled Standards of Business Conduct are also available at that same location on our website. Stockholders may request free printed copies of these documents from: 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 Attention: Investor Relations 
 1701 East Mossy Oaks Road, 
 Spring, Texas 77389 
 http://investors.hpe.com/financial/requested-printed-reports 
 15 

Table of Conte n t 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 
 You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 If we cannot successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering our entire portfolio as-a-Service, our business, operating results, and financial performance may suffer. 
 We depend on third-party suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our supplier relationships properly. 
 System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Failure to complete the Merger with Juniper Networks may adversely affect our business and our stock price. 
 Failure to realize the benefits expected from the Merger with Juniper Networks could adversely affect our business or our stock price. 
 Any failure by us to identify, manage, and complete acquisitions and subsequent integrations, divestitures, and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business and prospects. 
 If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business, and financial performance may suffer. 
 In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us. 
 If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. 
 Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence may result in reputational harm, liability or impact to our results of operations. 
 Changes in the macroeconomic environment have, at times, impacted and may in the future negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Failure to meet responsible and sustainable business expectations or standards or achieve our Living Progress goals could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. 
 Risks arising from climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact our business. 
 Industry Risks 
 We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. 
 International Risks 
 Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Intellectual Property Risks 
 16 

Table of Conte n t 

Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license, or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. 
 Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, including patent infringement, are commonplace in our industry and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services. 
 Financial Risks 
 Adverse developments affecting our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs, and access to capital markets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations or those of the third parties with whom we do business. 
 Our debt obligations may adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends. 
 The revenue and profitability of our operations have historically varied, which makes our future financial results less predictable. 
 Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. 
 We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Declaration, payment and amounts of dividends, if any, to holders of our shares will be uncertain. 
 Regulatory and Government Risks 
 Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Contracts with federal, state, provincial, and local governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business. 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our financial performance. 
 Risks Related to Prior Separations 
 The stock distribution in either or both of the completed separations of our former Enterprise Services business and our former Software segment could result in significant tax liability, and DXC Technology Company or Micro Focus International plc (as applicable) may in certain cases be obligated to indemnify us for any such tax liability imposed on us. 
 We continue to face a number of risks related to our separation from HP Inc., our former parent, including those associated with ongoing indemnification obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and shared use of certain intellectual property rights, which could in the future adversely impact our reputation. 
 General Risks 
 Our stock price has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of our stock difficult to predict. 
 For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 If we cannot successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering our entire portfolio as-a-Service, our business, operating results, and financial performance may suffer. 
 Our long-term strategy is focused on leveraging our portfolio of hardware, software, and services as we deliver global edge-to-cloud platform as-a-service to help customers accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from all of their data, everywhere. We provide our entire portfolio through a range of subscription and consumption-based, pay-per-use, and aaS offerings. We will also continue to provide our hardware and software in a capital expenditure and license-based model, giving our customers choices in consuming HPE products and services. Furthermore, subject to our anticipated consummation of the acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc. Juniper Networks (the Merger ), we will seek to offer secure, unified cloud- and AI-native networking to enhance innovation across edge to cloud. To successfully execute on these strategic pillars, we must continue to improve cost structures, align sales coverage with strategic goals, improve channel execution, and strengthen our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, while continuing to pursue new product innovation that builds on our strategic 
 17 

Table of Conte n t 

capabilities in areas such as edge computing, hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, data center networking, network security, and high-performance compute. We must make sufficient long-term investments in strategic growth areas, such as developing, obtaining, and protecting appropriate intellectual property, and commit or transition significant R D and other resources before knowing whether our projections will reasonably reflect customer demand for our solutions. Should such efforts fail to produce actionable insights, or our offerings not perform as designed or promised, our business results and financial condition may be adversely affected. Furthermore, such incremental capital requirements may negatively impact cash flows in the near term and may require us to dedicate additional resources, including sales and marketing costs. 
 The process of improving our HPE GreenLake cloud offerings, enhancing existing hardware, software, and cloud-based solutions, and developing and improving the systems necessary for new and evolving data-intensive artificial intelligence-based workloads are all complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately, to invest sufficiently in strategic growth areas, or to otherwise successfully execute this strategy could significantly harm our market share, results of operations, and financial performance. 
 Having developed a cloud platform product in HPE GreenLake and the hardware capabilities to support artificial intelligence computing, we must be able to continue integrating new features that are relevant to our customers and to scale quickly, while also managing costs and preserving margins, which means accurately forecasting volumes, mixes of products, and configurations that meet customer requirements, which we may not succeed at doing. These offerings face competition from peer companies with their own cloud platform and artificial intelligence computing offerings, and any delay in the development, production, or marketing of a new product, service, or solution could result in our offerings being late to reach the market, which could harm our competitive position. In addition, should we successfully consummate the Merger, the process of integrating and streamlining our offerings (including integrating Juniper Networks offerings with ours) or developing new solutions based on our respective technological portfolios may be complex, costly, time-consuming, and uncertain, and failure by us to successfully do so could adversely impact our future results of operations and financial performance. Furthermore, we anticipate needing to adapt our go-to-market structure from time to time with new sales and marketing approaches, to better align with aaS business models and to capture unique market opportunities, such as in hybrid cloud and artificial intelligence. Changing our go-to-market structure may affect employee compensation models and ultimately our ability to retain employees. There is no assurance that we will be able to implement these adjustments in a timely or cost-effective manner, or that we will be able to realize all or any of the expected benefits from them. 
 Our HPE GreenLake solutions generally are multiyear agreements, which result in recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. As customer demand for our aaS offerings increases, we have experienced, and will continue to experience, differences in the timing of revenue recognition between our traditional offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized at the time of delivery) and our aaS offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement). As such, our financial results and growth depend, in part, on customers continuing to purchase our services and solutions over the contract life on the agreed terms. Additionally, implementing this business model also means that our historical results, especially those from before the transition, may not be indicative of future results, which may adversely affect our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results. Our aaS offerings also could subject us to increased risk of liability related to the provision of services as well as operational, technical, legal, regulatory, or other costs. 
 We depend on third-party suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our supplier relationships properly. 
 Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our needs for components, products, and services, as well as our suppliers abilities to deliver sufficient quantities of quality components, products, and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet critical schedules for the delivery of our own products and services. Given the wide variety of solutions that we offer, the large and diverse distribution of our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble, and deliver certain solutions, problems have, from time to time in the past, arisen, and could in the future arise, in production, planning, and inventory management that could harm our business. In addition, our ongoing efforts to optimize the efficiency of our supply chain could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, and resource-intensive than expected. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers have at times decided, and may in the future decide, to discontinue conducting business with us. Other supplier problems that we have faced, and could again face in the future, include component shortages, excess supply, and contractual, relational, and labor risks, each of which is described below. 
 Component shortages. We have in the past experienced, and may experience again in the future, delays and shortages of certain components as a result of strong demand, supplier transitions, raw material or capacity constraints, and other problems experienced by suppliers in certain geographies and markets, resulting in insufficient supply to meet total market demand. In the past, we have experienced shortages or delays, which led to higher prices of certain components and exposure to quality issues and delivery delays, which may occur again in the future. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices, of acceptable quality, or at all, to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, our business and financial performance could suffer from a loss of time-sensitive sales, additional freight costs incurred, or the inability to pass 
 18 

Table of Conte n t 

on price increases to our customers. If we cannot adequately address supply issues, we may have to reengineer some product or service offerings, which could result in further costs and delays. 
 Excess supply. In order to secure components for our products or services, at times we may make advance payments to suppliers or enter into long term agreements, non-cancellable commitments, or other inventory management arrangements with vendors. In addition, we may purchase components strategically in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing or to address concerns about the availability of future components. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly, a temporary oversupply can result in excess or obsolete components (which has happened at times in the past), which has at times adversely impacted and could in the future adversely impact our business and financial performance. 
 Contractual terms. As a result of binding long-term price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be obligated to purchase components or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market and be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. If we commit to purchasing components or services for prices in excess of the then-current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, our gross margin could suffer, and we could incur charges relating to inventory obsolescence. 
 Contingent workers. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to manage our use of such workers effectively could adversely affect our results of operations. We have been exposed to various legal claims relating to the status of contingent workers in the past and could face similar claims in the future. We may be subject to shortages, oversupply or fixed contractual terms relating to contingent workers. Our ability to manage the size and cost of our contingent workforce may be subject to additional constraints imposed by local laws. 
 Single-source suppliers. We obtain certain components from single-source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality, scale, or customization needs. Certain of such suppliers have, in the past decided, and may in the future decide, to discontinue manufacturing components used in our products, which may cause us to discontinue certain products, incur additional costs to redesign our products so as not to incorporate such discontinued components, or incur time and expense to find replacement suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier has at times delayed, and could delay, production of some products as replacement suppliers may initially be unable to meet demand or be subject to other output limitations. For some components, such as customized components, alternative sources either may not exist or may be unable to produce the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. In addition, we sometimes purchase components from single-source suppliers under short-term agreements that contain favorable pricing and other terms but that may be unilaterally modified or terminated by the supplier with limited notice and with little or no penalty. The performance of such single-source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or extension of those agreements upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity, and price of our components. The loss of a single-source supplier, the deterioration of our relationship with a single-source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we are supplied components by a single-source supplier could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. 
 As a leading technology firm, we are exposed to attacks from criminals, nation state actors, malicious insiders, and activist hackers (collectively, malicious parties who have at times been able to circumvent or bypass our cyber security measures. Although some of these attacks have caused disruptions or exposure of information, so far, these attacks have not resulted in material negative impacts to HPE, nor have any of HPE s consumers, customers, or employees informed HPE that these attacks resulted in material harm to them. While we investigate and remediate incidents, there can be no assurance that we will do so comprehensively or that the threat actor will not identify alternative means of intrusion or opportunities to otherwise utilize the information it accessed to adversely affect our business or results of operations. It is also possible that incidents may embolden other malicious actors to perpetrate future attacks that may result in material misappropriation, system disruptions or shutdowns, malicious alteration, or destruction of our confidential or personal information or that of third parties. Further, there has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of such attacks, and we expect these activities to continue to increase, including malicious actors potentially leveraging AI to develop malicious code or sophisticated phishing attempts. Malicious parties may also be able to otherwise develop and deploy viruses, worms, ransomware, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products, including within our cloud-based environments and offerings, such that we may be unable to anticipate such malicious parties techniques, implement adequate preventative measures, or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis even if our security measures are appropriate, reasonable, and comply with applicable legal requirements. Further, cyberattacks or incidents have in the past gone, and could in the future go, undetected in our environments for a period of time, and we may discover additional impacts of earlier incidents that we believe were remediated. For example, as previously disclosed in our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 24, 2024, we learned in December 2023 that, beginning in May 2023, a nation-state- 
 19 

Table of Conte n t 

associated threat actor gained unauthorized access to and exfiltrated data from HPE s cloud-based email and SharePoint environments. While this incident has been investigated and remediated with no material impact experienced by HPE to date, this may have nevertheless resulted in harm to our reputation and customer relationships (and may do so in the future, as well), and there can be no assurance that the threat actor will not utilize the information accessed to adversely affect our business or results of operations. Given our broad and diverse network environment, resource limitations, and operational constraints, we have in the past failed, and may in the future fail, to patch certain security vulnerabilities in time to prevent successful disruptions of our infrastructure or exposure of information. 
 Malicious parties may compromise our manufacturing supply chain and the systems or networks of other third parties on whom we rely, and as such, may embed malicious software or hardware in our products, thereby compromising our customers. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine or in the Middle East, may heighten the risk of such cyberattacks or exacerbate system vulnerabilities, considering our continued hybrid work environment and our globally dispersed operations, employees, contractors, suppliers, developers, partners, and other third parties. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce, procure or integrate from third parties, including those of companies we have acquired, may contain defects in design or manufacturing, including flaws that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. The costs associated with cybersecurity tools and infrastructure and competition for cybersecurity and IT talent have at times limited, and may in the future limit, our ability and the ability of third parties on whom we rely to efficiently identify, eliminate, or remediate cyber or other security vulnerabilities or problems or enact changes to minimize the attack surface of our network. Furthermore, our efforts, and the efforts of third parties on whom we rely, to address these problems, at times, have not been, and may in the future not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service, compromise of sensitive information, and loss of existing or potential customers, any of which may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. Additional impacts from cybersecurity incidents could include reimbursement of remediation costs to our customers, suppliers, or distributors, such as liability for stolen assets or information, repairs of system damage, and incentives for continued business; lost revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract business partners following an incident; increased insurance premiums; and damage to our competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. Further, it may be difficult to determine the best way to investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate any harm caused by a cybersecurity incident. Such efforts may not be successful, and we may make errors or fail to take necessary actions. It may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. These factors may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. Additionally, to the extent we carry insurance coverage for such possibilities, we cannot be certain that any such coverage will be adequate or otherwise protect us with respect to claims, expenses, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, litigation, regulatory actions, or other impacts arising from security breaches or incidents, or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We manage and store various proprietary information, intellectual property, and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business. In addition, our business may process, store, and transmit customer data, including commercially sensitive, government-related, and/or personal data, subject to the European General Data Protection Regulation, United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, and various U.S. state and foreign data security and privacy laws, which give new data privacy rights to their residents and impose significant obligations related to the handling of personal data. Compliance with data security and privacy laws is complex and costly. With our business increasingly providing aaS offerings, malicious parties could target such services, potentially resulting in an increased risk of compromise of customer or employee data resulting in regulatory exposure. Incidents involving our cyber or physical security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information, intellectual property, or sensitive, confidential, or personal data about us, our clients, or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such data as a result of fraud or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information; result in regulatory fines, litigation, and potential liability for us; damage our brand and reputation; or otherwise harm our business. We also could lose existing or potential customers of services or other IT solutions or incur significant expenses in connection with our customers system failures or any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of managing an incident and implementing further data protection measures could be significant. 
 Additionally, we have at times experienced, and may experience, other security issues that are not the results of any action or attack from malicious parties, whether due to employee or insider error or malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities in our or other parties systems. Portions of our IT infrastructure also have experienced, and may experience, interruptions, delays, or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. As our IT environment continues to evolve, we have, at times, been unsuccessful, and may in the future be unsuccessful, in adopting or implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, disruptive, and resource intensive. Furthermore, our data centers depend on predictable and reliable energy and networking capabilities, the cost or availability of which could be adversely affected or 
 20 

Table of Conte n t 

disrupted by a variety of factors, including but not limited to the effects of climate change. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and respond to customer requests and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, lower margins, or lost customers resulting from these events could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, and adversely affect our reputation and stock price. 
 While we seek to identify and remediate vulnerabilities in our products, services, IT systems, controls, and software that could be exploited by any malicious parties, we may not be aware of all such vulnerabilities, and we have at times failed, and may fail, to anticipate, detect, identify, and/or remediate such vulnerabilities before they are exploited or such vulnerabilities may persist after issuing security patches because system software updates may occur asynchronously across our customer base. Additionally, we have acquired and may continue to acquire companies with cybersecurity vulnerabilities or different security standards, which exposes us to related cybersecurity, operational, and financial risks. Further, as our products and services in some instances are integrated with our customers' systems and processes, even if we are successful in identifying vulnerabilities, a successful attack on us could compromise customers IT systems and sensitive data, despite active monitoring and development of tools designed to identify and remediate such vulnerabilities. There is no guarantee that a series of issues may not be determined to be material in the aggregate at a future date even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our worldwide operations and supply chain could be disrupted by natural or human-induced disasters including, but not limited to, earthquakes; tsunamis; floods; hurricanes, cyclones or typhoons; fires; other extreme weather conditions; power or water shortages; telecommunications failures; materials scarcity and price volatility; terrorist acts, civil unrest, conflicts or wars; and health epidemics or pandemics. The impacts and frequency of any of the above could be further exacerbated by climate change, particularly in countries where we operate that have limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources. While we are predominantly self-insured to mitigate the impact of most catastrophic events, the occurrence of business disruptions could, among other impacts, harm our revenue, profitability, and financial condition; adversely affect our competitive position; increase our costs and expenses; make it difficult or impossible to provide our offerings to our customers or to receive components from our suppliers; create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain; or require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to fully resume operations. 
 Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and the measures taken in response to such events have in the past negatively impacted, and may again in the future negatively impact, our operations and workforce, as well as those of our partners, customers and suppliers. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of such events have, from time to time, caused increased volatility in financial and other capital markets, adversely impacting our stock price, our ability to access the capital markets, and our ability to fund liquidity needs, and may do so again in the future. The negative impacts of any such events on business operations and demand for our offerings will depend on future developments and actions taken in response to such events, which may be outside our control, highly uncertain, and cannot be predicted at this time. 
 The manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations, including the United States, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, Czech Republic, Malaysia, Mexico, China, Taiwan, South Korea, and Singapore. We also rely on major logistics hubs, which are strategically located near manufacturing facilities in the major regions and in proximity to HPE s distribution channels and customers. Other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in California and Asia, near major earthquake faults known for seismic activity. Our operations could be adversely affected if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason, including those enumerated above, as they have been in the past by natural disasters and public health issues in the United States, Puerto Rico, and China. To the extent such disruptions adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Item 1A of Part I of this Form 10-K . 
 Failure to complete the Merger with Juniper Networks may adversely affect our business and our stock price. 
 In January 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Juniper Networks, Inc., a leader in AI-native networks. Consummation of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including but not limited to (i) the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Juniper Networks, HPE and Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of HPE Merger Sub ), by Juniper Networks stockholders (which was completed on April 2, 2024); (ii) the absence of any injunction, order or law preventing, prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the Merger; (iii) the expiration or termination of the waiting period (or extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended, and the receipt of all other required approvals, consents or clearances under specified foreign antitrust laws and foreign investment laws without imposition of a Burdensome Condition (as defined in the Merger Agreement); and (iv) in the case of the obligations of HPE and Merger Sub to effect the Merger, the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to Juniper Networks that is continuing as of the closing. There can be no assurance that these or other closing conditions will be satisfied in a timely manner or at all. Any delay in completing the Merger could cause us not to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits when expected, if at all. 
 21 

Table of Conte n t 

If the Merger is not completed, our stock price could be impacted to the extent it reflects an assumption that we will complete the Merger, and additionally, we may suffer other consequences that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and stock price, including incurring significant acquisition costs that we would be unable to recover, negative publicity, and a negative impression of us in the investment community. Furthermore, under certain specified circumstances, including the termination of the Merger Agreement by either us or Juniper Networks because certain required regulatory clearances are not obtained or the terms of the Merger Agreement are materially breached by us, upon termination we would be required to pay Juniper Networks a termination fee of 815 million. 
 Failure to realize the benefits expected from the Merger with Juniper Networks could adversely affect our business or our stock price. 
 There can be no assurance that we will realize any of the significant benefits that we expect to result from the Merger, or realize them within the anticipated timeframe. Achieving these benefits will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate Juniper Networks business successfully and efficiently. The challenges involved in this integration, which will be complex and time-consuming, include the following: 
 preserving customer and other important relationships of Juniper Networks and attracting new business and operational relationships; 
 integrating financial forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles; 
 consolidating and integrating corporate, information technology, finance and administrative infrastructures; 
 coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively position our capabilities; 
 coordinating and integrating operations, including in countries in which we have not previously operated; and 
 integrating employees and related human capital management systems and benefits, maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees. 
 If we do not successfully manage these issues and the other challenges inherent in integrating an acquired business, then we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger on our anticipated timeframe or at all, and our revenue, expenses, operating results, financial condition and stock price could be materially adversely affected. The successful integration of Juniper Networks will require significant management attention both before and after the completion of the Merger with Juniper Networks, and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues. 
 Any failure by us to identify, manage, and complete acquisitions and subsequent integrations, divestitures, and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business and prospects. 
 As part of our strategy, we may acquire businesses, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further our business (collectively, business combination and investment transactions ), and also handle any post-closing issues, such as integration. Risks associated with business combination and investment transactions include the following, any of which could adversely affect our financial results, including our effective tax rate: 
 We may not successfully combine product or service offerings or realize all of the anticipated benefits of any particular business combination and investment transaction, which may result in (1) failure to execute on our business strategy; (2) failure to coordinate sales and marketing efforts to effectively position our capabilities; (3) failure to retain employees, customers, distributors, and suppliers or attract new business and operational relationships; (4) increase in unanticipated delays or failure to meet contractual obligations which may cause financial results to differ from expectations; and (5) pay, early retirement costs, employee benefit costs, charges from the elimination of duplicative facilities and contracts, inventory adjustments, assumed litigation and other liabilities, legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, and required payments to executive officers and key employees under retention plans. 
 We may fail to successfully and efficiently (1) integrate financial forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles; (2) consolidate and integrate corporate, information technology, finance and administrative infrastructures; (3) coordinate and integrate operations, including in countries in which we have not previously operated; (4) integrate employees and related human capital management systems and benefits; or (5) address redundant processes and functions in an adequate manner (thereby impacting our ability to achieve all or any of the anticipated synergies) 
 Our ability to conduct due diligence with respect to business combination and investment transactions, and our ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence, is dependent upon the veracity and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by third parties or their representatives. We may fail to identify significant issues with the acquired company s product quality, financial disclosures, workplace culture, accounting practices or internal control deficiencies or all of the factors necessary to estimate reasonably accurate costs, timing and other matters. 
 In order to complete a business combination and investment transaction, we may issue common stock, potentially creating dilution for our existing stockholders or we may enter into financing arrangements, which could affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 22 

Table of Conte n t 

For an acquisition or other combination, the acquisition partner may have differing or inadequate cybersecurity and data protection controls, which could impact our exposure to data security incidents and potentially increase anticipated costs or time to integrate the business. 
 Business combination and investment transactions may lead to litigation, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have incurred and will incur additional depreciation and amortization expense over the useful lives of certain assets acquired in connection with business combination and investment transactions and, to the extent that the value of goodwill or intangible assets acquired in connection with a business combination and investment transaction becomes impaired, we may be required to incur additional material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. 
 For a divestiture, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, or we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. 
 The impact of divestitures on our revenue growth may be larger than projected, as we may experience greater dis-synergies than expected. If we do not satisfy pre-closing conditions and necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, it may prevent us from completing the transaction. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside of our control could affect our future financial results. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it difficult or discourage an acquisition of Hewlett Packard Enterprise if our Board of Directors deems it to be undesirable. Provisions such as indemnification, meeting requirements, and blank check stock authorizations could deter or delay hostile takeovers, proxy contests, or changes in control or management of Hewlett Packard Enterprise. 
 Management s attention or other resources may be diverted during business combination and investment transactions and may be further impacted if we fail to successfully complete or integrate business combination and investment transactions that further our strategic objectives . See also the risk factors below under the heading Risks Related to Prior Separations. 
 If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business, and financial performance may suffer. 
 In the course of conducting our business, we must adequately address quality issues associated with our products, services, and solutions (whether developed by us or by a company we acquire), including defects in our engineering, design, and manufacturing processes and unsatisfactory performance under service contracts, as well as defects in third-party components included in our products and unsatisfactory performance or even malicious acts by third-party contractors or subcontractors or their employees. In order to address quality issues, we work extensively with our customers and suppliers and engage in product testing to determine the causes of problems and to develop and implement appropriate solutions. However, the products, services, and solutions that we offer are complex, and our regular testing and quality control efforts may not be effective in controlling or detecting all quality issues or errors, particularly with respect to faulty components manufactured by third parties. If we are unable to determine the cause, find an appropriate solution or offer a temporary fix (or patch to address quality issues with our products, we may delay shipment to customers, which could delay revenue recognition and receipt of customer payments and could adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, and profitability. In addition, after products are delivered, quality issues may require us to repair or replace such products. Addressing quality issues can be expensive and may result in additional warranty, repair, replacement, and other costs, adversely affecting our financial performance. If new or existing customers have difficulty operating our products or are dissatisfied with our services or solutions, our results of operations could be adversely affected, and we could face possible claims if we fail to meet our customers' expectations. In addition, quality issues, including the actual or perceived security or reliability of our offerings or ability to address other data security concerns, can impair our relationships with new or existing customers and adversely affect our brand and reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us. 
 In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition qualified executives and other key employees, including those in managerial, technical, development, sales, marketing, and IT positions. In order to attract and retain executives and other key employees in a competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash and equity-based compensation. These are particularly important considering our growth strategy to capture the market opportunities presented by networking, hybrid cloud, and AI. Certain equity-based incentive awards for certain executives contain conditions relating to our stock price performance and our long-term financial performance that make the future value of those awards uncertain. If the anticipated value of such equity-based incentive awards does not materialize, if our equity-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, if our total compensation package is not 
 23 

Table of Conte n t 

viewed as being competitive, or if we do not obtain the stockholder approval needed to continue granting equity-based incentive awards in the amounts we believe are necessary, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened. 
 Our failure to successfully hire executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact on our operations and our ability to execute our strategy. Further, changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and any failure to successfully transition and assimilate key new hires or promoted employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations. As competition for highly skilled employees in our industry has grown increasingly intense, we have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, higher than anticipated levels of employee attrition, which has resulted in increased costs to hire new employees with the desired skills and may do so again in the future. In addition, significant or prolonged turnover or revised hiring priorities may negatively impact our operations and culture, as well as our ability to successfully maintain our processes and procedures, including due to the loss of historical, technical, and other expertise. These risks to attracting and retaining the necessary talent may be exacerbated by labor constraints, such as immigration policies which may impair the ability to recruit technical and professional talent, and inflationary pressures, which impact employee wages and benefits. Further, integration of employees and businesses as a result of our acquisitions, including the Merger, may present challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel who are essential to our future success. 
 If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. 
 We use a variety of distribution methods to sell our products and services around the world, including both direct and indirect sales to end-users. Successfully managing the interaction of our direct and indirect channel efforts to reach various potential customer segments for our products and services is a complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks and gross margins, our failure to implement the most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could adversely affect our revenue and gross margins and therefore our profitability. 
 Our financial results could be materially adversely affected due to distribution channel conflicts or if the financial conditions of our channel partners were to weaken. Our results of operations may be adversely affected by any conflicts that might arise between our various distribution channels or the loss or deterioration of any alliance or distribution arrangement. Moreover, some of our wholesale distributors may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions, including economic weakness, industry consolidation, and market trends. Considerable trade receivables that are not covered by collateral or credit insurance are outstanding with our distribution channel partners. Revenue from indirect sales could suffer, and we could experience disruptions in distribution, if our distributors financial conditions, abilities to borrow funds in the credit markets, or operations weaken. 
 Our inventory management is complex, as we continue to sell a significant mix of products through distributors. We must manage both owned and channel inventory effectively, particularly with respect to sales to distributors, which involves forecasting demand and pricing challenges. Distributors have in the past adjusted orders during periods of product shortages, and may do so in the future, in addition to cancelling orders if their inventory is too high or delaying orders in anticipation of new products. Distributors also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors and seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. If we have excess or obsolete inventory, we may have to reduce our prices and write down inventory, and have done so from time to time in the past. Moreover, our use of indirect distribution channels may limit our willingness or ability to adjust prices quickly and otherwise to respond to pricing changes. 
 Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence may result in reputational harm, liability or impact to our results of operations. 
 We believe the proliferation of AI, especially as it relates to our products and solutions that enable AI workloads, will have a significant impact on customer preferences and market dynamics in our industry, and our ability to effectively compete in this space will be critical to our financial performance. We currently incorporate AI capabilities into certain offerings and manufacture hardware designed to support AI capabilities, and our research into and continued development of such capabilities and manufacturing processes remain ongoing. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources to build and support the development of these capabilities and manufacturing processes, and if our AI-related offerings fail to operate as anticipated or as well as competing offerings or otherwise do not meet customer needs or if we are unable to bring AI-related offerings to market as effectively as our competitors, we may fail to recoup our investments in AI, our competitive position may be harmed, and our business and reputation may be adversely impacted. 
 As with many innovations, AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business and our overall strategy. While we review proposed implementations and use cases ahead of deployment, we may not always identify the risks or deficiencies of an AI capability or offering and the market may respond differently than we anticipate, potentially impacting our results of operations. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or others could result in incidents that impair the 
 24 

Table of Conte n t 

acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals or society. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. If we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience competitive, brand, or reputational harm or legal and/or regulatory action. Further, incorporating AI gives rise to litigation risk and risk of non-compliance and unknown cost of compliance, as AI is an emerging technology for which the legal and regulatory landscape is not fully developed and which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, creating complex compliance issues (including potential liability for breaching intellectual property or privacy rights or laws or for the misuse of personal data). While new AI initiatives, laws, and regulations are emerging and evolving, what they ultimately will look like remains uncertain, and our obligation to comply with them could entail significant costs, negatively affect our business, or entirely limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our offerings. The resulting impact of such regulations on our customers desire for AI capabilities and demand for our offerings more generally could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Additionally, leveraging AI capabilities to potentially improve internal functions and operations presents further risks and challenges. While we aim to use AI ethically and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical or legal issues presented by its use, we may nevertheless be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. The use of AI to support business operations carries inherent risks related to data privacy and security, such as intended, unintended, or inadvertent transmission of proprietary or sensitive information, as well as challenges related to implementing and maintaining AI tools, such as developing and maintaining appropriate datasets for such support. Further, dependence on AI without adequate safeguards to make certain business decisions may introduce additional operational vulnerabilities by impacting our relationships with customers, partners, and suppliers; by producing inaccurate outcomes based on flaws in the underlying data; or other unintended results. 
 Changes in the macroeconomic environment have, at times, impacted and may in the future negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Changes in macroeconomic conditions have, at times, affected and may in the future affect consumer and enterprise spending, and as a result, our customers have postponed or cancelled, and may also in the future postpone or cancel, spending in response to numerous reasons, including but not limited to volatility in credit and equity markets, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, all of which may have an adverse effect on the demand for our products and/or result in changes in our product prices. Other factors that have had, and could again in the future have, an adverse effect on demand for our products, financial condition and results of operations include inflation, slower economic growth or economic recession, conditions in the labor market, healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence, and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer and business spending behavior. These changes could happen rapidly and we may not be able to react quickly to prevent or limit our losses or exposures. Additionally, other macroeconomic developments, such as efforts of governments to stimulate or stabilize the economy, international conflicts, trade disputes, sanctions, increased tariffs internationally, including between the United States and China and on imports into the United States from various countries, have at times impacted, and may in the future impact our business in an adverse manner, whether directly or indirectly, such as through their impacts on the financial positions and operations of our customers, suppliers, and other third parties with whom we do business or on whom we rely, and as a consequence, their ability to perform their obligations under their agreements with us. Persistent inflation has negatively affected our business in recent quarters and could do so again in the future, as well. A general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in government or corporate spending have at times caused current or potential customers to reduce their IT budgets or be unable to fund data storage products, which have led them to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products or to not pay us or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services, all of which may occur again in the future . 
 Failure to meet responsible and sustainable business expectations or standards or achieve our Living Progress goals could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price . 
 There has been an increased focus from regulators and stakeholders on sustainability and corporate responsibility matters. Given our commitment to sustainable and responsible business, we actively manage these issues through our Living Progress Strategy and have established and publicly announced certain goals, which we may refine or even expand further in the future. These goals reflect our current plans and aspirations, are based on available data and estimates, and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Moreover, actions or statements that we may take based on expectations, assumptions, or third-party information that we currently believe to be reasonable may subsequently be determined to be erroneous or be subject to misinterpretation. Initiatives to address sustainability and corporate responsibility issues may be costly and may not have the desired effect. Evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts and ability to manage these issues and accomplish our goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which may be outside of our control or could have adverse impacts on our business, including on our stock price. Further, there is uncertainty around the accounting standards and climate-related disclosures associated with emerging laws and reporting requirements and the related costs to comply with the emerging regulations. 
 25 

Table of Conte n t 

Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our Living Progress goals, maintain responsible and sustainable business practices, or comply with emerging sustainability regulations that meet evolving regulatory or stakeholder expectations could harm our reputation, adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and talent, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community and enforcement a uthorities. Our reputation also may be harmed by the perceptions that our stakeholders have about our action or inaction on certain sustainability- and corporate responsibility-related issues, or because they may disagree with our goals and initiatives, either of which may cause us to face scrutiny, lawsuits, or other market access restrictions from certain parties related to our action or inaction on such issues. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products and services and thus have an adverse effect on our future financial performance, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 Risks arising from climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact our business. 
 Climate change serves as a risk multiplier that could increase both the frequency and severity of natural disasters that may affect our worldwide business operations and those of suppliers and customers. Our corporate headquarters is located in Spring, Texas, which suffers from floods, hurricanes, and other extreme weather, and a portion of our research and development activities are located in California, which suffers from drought conditions and catastrophic wildfires, each affecting the health and safety of our employees. In California, to mitigate wildfire risk, electric utilities have, at times periodically deployed, and may in the future, periodically deploy public safety power shutoffs, which affect electricity reliability to our facilities and our communities. Certain sites located in the United States, Middle East, China, and India experience exposure to extreme heat and water stress, which could potentially jeopardize the health and well-being of our employees, consequently impacting our operations. While we seek to mitigate business risks, including those associated with climate change, through site selection, infrastructure technological investments, business continuity planning, and robust environmental programs, this may require us to incur substantial costs, and we may be unsuccessful in doing so as there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Furthermore, climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance for these negative impacts of natural disasters by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of such natural disasters. 
 The increasing concern over climate change could also result in transition risks, such as efforts and expenditures related to carbon abatement, shifting customer preferences, or compliance risks from changing regulatory and legal requirements. We have already observed changing customer preferences resulting in increased demands for sustainable solutions, products, and services. While we have been integrating such trends into our business and sales strategies thus far, we may not be able to successfully do so in the future. Further, continually changing customer preferences may cause us to incur additional costs, invest more in R D, or make other changes to other operations to respond to such demands, which may not be carried out successfully, and if so, could adversely affect our financial results. We may also confront higher electricity prices as the grid decarbonizes, and higher costs for supplies or components that comply with certain environmental regulatory thresholds, potentially impacting our margins or the pricing of our offerings. If we fail to manage these and other transition risks in an effective manner, customer demand for our solutions, products, and services could diminish, and our profitability could suffer. 
 Industry Risks 
 We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. 
 Our ability to implement solutions for our customers, anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology (such as cloud-, AI-, and security-related offerings, which are continually evolving), and develop new service offerings or incorporate technological improvements into our offerings that meet current and prospective customers needs, as well as evolving industry standards, is critical to our competitiveness and success. We encounter aggressive competition from numerous and varied competitors in all areas of our business, and our competitors have targeted and are expected to continue targeting our key market segments. We compete primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, and the availability of our IT infrastructure offerings. If our products, services, support, and cost structure do not enable us to compete successfully based on any of those criteria, our results of operations and business prospects could be harmed. 
 We have a large portfolio of products and services and must allocate our financial, personnel, and other resources across all of our products and services while competing with companies that have smaller portfolios or specialize in one or more of our product or service lines. As a result, we may invest less in certain areas of our business than our competitors do, and our competitors may have greater financial, technical, and marketing resources available to them compared to the resources allocated to our products and services that compete against theirs. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technologies, successfully adapt to industry developments and changing demand, and evolve and expand our business at sufficient speed and scale to keep pace with the demands of the markets we serve, we may be unable to develop and maintain a competitive advantage and execute on our growth strategy, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Industry consolidation may also affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous, and potentially stronger 
 26 

Table of Conte n t 

competitors in the markets in which we operate. Additionally, our competitors may affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers or suppliers. 
 Companies with whom we have vertical relationships in certain areas may be or become our competitors in other areas. In addition, companies with whom we have vertical relationships also may acquire or form relationships with our competitors, which could reduce their business with us. If we are unable to effectively manage these complicated relationships with vertical partners, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We face aggressive price competition and may continue to do so. As a consequence of inflation and higher supply chain and manufacturing costs, we have in the past increased the prices of many of our products and services to maintain or improve our revenue and gross margin, and may do so again in the future. In addition, competitors who have a greater presence in some of the lower-cost markets in which we compete, or who can obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, or more favorable allocations of products and components during periods of limited supply may be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. Our cash flows, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide pricing pressures. 
 Because our business model is based on providing innovative and high-quality products and services, we may spend a proportionately greater amount of our revenues on R D than some of our competitors. If we cannot proportionately decrease our cost structure (apart from R D expenses) on a timely basis in response to competitive price pressures, our profitability could be adversely affected. In addition, if our pricing and other facets of our offerings are not sufficiently competitive, or if there is an adverse reaction to our product decisions, we may lose market share in certain areas, which could adversely affect our financial performance and business prospects. 
 Even if we are able to maintain or increase market share for a particular product, its financial performance could decline because the product is in a maturing industry or market segment or contains technology that is becoming obsolete. Financial performance could decline due to increased competition from other types of products that perform similar functions as our offerings. 
 International Risks 
 Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, and financial condition. 
 Our business and financial performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and the demand for technology hardware, software, and services in, and continued access to, the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness and uncertainty and the volatile inflationary environment have constrained spending on network and enterprise infrastructure. This has in the past adversely affected the demand for our products, services, and solutions, which has impacted our financial condition and results of operations, all of which we may experience again in the future. These have, at times in the past, resulted in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges (among other financial impacts), and made it more difficult for us to manage inventory and make accurate forecasts of revenue, gross margin, cash flows, and expenses, and may have such effects again in the future. Such factors, including how long such conditions may persist, among others, may negatively impact the evenness or volume of demand for our products and services, potentially resulting in impacts similar to those mentioned above, though the precise extent of such impacts cannot be accurately predicted. 
 Economic weakness and uncertainty could cause our expenses to vary materially from our expectations. Any financial turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets, or any significant financial services institution failures could negatively impact our treasury operations, as the financial condition of such parties may deteriorate rapidly and without notice in times of market volatility and disruption. Interest and other expenses have varied, and could continue to vary, materially from expectations depending on changes in interest rates, borrowing costs, currency exchange rates, costs of hedging activities, and the fair value of derivative instruments. It is difficult to predict the impact of such events on us, our third-party partners, our customers, or economic markets more broadly, which have been and will continue to be highly dependent upon the actions of governments and businesses in response to macroeconomic events, and the effectiveness of those actions. Such actions have impacted, and may further impact our ability, desire, or the timing of seeking funding for various investment opportunities. Economic downturns also may lead to restructuring actions and associated expenses. Further, reduced U.S. federal government spending may limit demand for our products, services, and solutions from organizations that receive funding from the U.S. government, and could negatively affect macroeconomic conditions in the United States, which could further reduce demand for our products, services, and solutions. 
 Our business and financial performance also could be adversely affected by changes in U.S. trade policy, U.S. export controls and sanctions, and U.S. regulations concerning imports, as well as international laws and regulations relating to global trade. Current U.S. government trade policy includes the imposition of tariffs on certain foreign goods, including information and communication technology products. These measures have materially increased costs for certain goods imported into the United States. As a result, our business has in the past been impacted by forced material price increases, which in turn resulted 
 27 

Table of Conte n t 

in price increases for our offerings, which subsequently limited demand or reduced margins for our offerings, all of which may impact us again from time to time in the future. Additionally, U.S. trading partners may adopt their own trade policies making it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries. Similarly, changes in regulations relating to certain exports, including economic sanctions, have led to export delays and prevented us, and could in the future prevent us, from exporting products to certain locations or customers entirely, which have in some instances impacted, and could in the future impact, our financial performance. In addition, changes in requirements relating to making foreign direct investments could increase our cost of doing business in certain jurisdictions, prevent us from shipping products to particular countries or markets, affect our ability to obtain favorable terms for components, increase our operating costs, or lead to penalties or restrictions. While we have policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with global trade laws and regimes around the world, such measures may not guarantee compliance. 
 Sales outside the United States constituted approximately 64 of our net revenue in fiscal 2024. As such, our future business and financial performance could suffer due to a variety of international factors in addition to those otherwise already disclosed, including: 
 ongoing uncertainties as a result of instability or changes in geopolitical conditions, including military or political conflicts, such as those caused by the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine or in the Middle East (the potential escalation or geographic expansion of which could heighten other risks identified in this report), or the relationship between China and the U.S. (which could, among other things, impact the enforceability of certain contracts or the timing and form of certain payments); 
 inflationary pressures, which have in the past increased, and may in the future increase costs for materials, supplies, and services, including those of third parties with whom we do business; 
 adverse or uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including a changing interest rate environment and fears of a potential global economic downturn or recession, which have at times in the past slowed customer demand for our products and services, and may do so again in the future; 
 network security, privacy, and data sovereignty concerns, which could make foreign customers reluctant to purchase products and services from U.S.-based technology companies; 
 longer collection cycles and financial instability among customers, which could impact our ability to collect on accounts receivable and consequently recognize revenue; 
 local labor conditions and regulations, including local labor issues faced by specific suppliers and OEMs, or changes to immigration and labor law policies which may adversely impact our access to technical and professional talent; 
 managing our geographically dispersed workforce, which has necessitated, and may in the future require, incurring costs to promote seamless workforce connectivity and to comply with changing laws, regulations and workers rights councils across multiple jurisdictions; 
 differing technology standards or customer requirements, which have required us to incur additional development and production costs to modify or adapt our offerings, and may do so again in the future; 
 local content and manufacturing requirements, which have impacted, and could further impact, our ability to sell into those markets; 
 difficulties associated with repatriating earnings in restricted countries, and changes in tax laws, which introduces uncertainty to our results of operations and financial performance; and 
 fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure at important geographic points of exit and entry for our products and shipments, which have from time to time adversely impacted, and any of which could in the future adversely impact, our results of operations and ability to meet customer demand. 
 Certain of the factors described above have, in the past, disrupted the operations of, and adversely impacted our product and component manufacturing and key suppliers, customers, or vendors located outside of the United States, and could do so again in the future. For example, we rely on suppliers in Asia for product assembly and manufacture, the operations of whom are subject to local labor laws and other requirements. Any loss of or limitations on their output or their inability to operate could have an adverse effect on our ability to timely deliver our products and services, which would in turn negatively impact our financial performance. 
 Further, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the trade sanctions imposed by the U.S., the European Union (the EU ), and other countries in response have negatively impacted business and financial performance in that region. HPE is continuing to execute on the exit of our remaining business in Russia and Belarus as planned; however, we cannot provide any assurance that such exit will be efficient or uninterrupted, which may negatively impact our operational expenses. 
 28 

Table of Conte n t 

We implement policies, procedures, and training designed to facilitate compliance with anti-corruption laws around the world, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. However, such measures may not guarantee compliance, and our employees and third parties with whom we work may take actions in violation of such policies or such anti-corruption laws. Furthermore, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, people may engage in business practices prohibited by anti-corruption laws. Violations of such laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, and we may be subject to those and other liabilities that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Conducting business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the euro, the Japanese yen, and British pound has, from time to time, adversely impacted, and could in the future, have an adverse impact on our results as expressed in U.S. dollars. Currency volatility contributes to variations in our sales of products and services in impacted jurisdictions. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have, from time to time, adversely affected, and could in future periods adversely affect our revenue recognition and our revenue growth. In addition, currency variations can adversely affect our ability to implement price increases, margins on sales of our products in countries outside of the United States and margins on sales of products that include components obtained from suppliers located outside of the United States. 
 From time to time, we use forward contracts and options designated as cash flow hedges to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risks, and may continue to do so in the future. The effectiveness of our hedges depends on our ability to accurately forecast future cash flows, which is particularly difficult during periods of uncertain demand for our products and services and highly volatile exchange rates. We may incur significant losses from our hedging activities due to factors such as volatility and currency variations. In addition, certain or all of our hedging activities may be ineffective, may expire and not be renewed or may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from currency variations. Losses associated with hedging activities also may impact our revenue and to a lesser extent our cost of sales and financial condition. 
 Intellectual Property Risks 
 Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license, or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. 
 We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws in the United States, similar laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other parties, to establish and maintain intellectual property rights in the products and services we sell, provide, or otherwise use in our operations. However, from time to time our intellectual property rights have been challenged, infringed, or circumvented, and any of such rights could be further challenged, invalidated, infringed, or circumvented or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or to otherwise provide competitive advantages. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use; this, too, could adversely affect our ability to sell products or services and our competitive position. Furthermore, changes in intellectual property laws or their interpretation may impact our ability to protect and assert our intellectual property rights, increase costs and uncertainties in the prosecution of patent applications or related enforcement actions, and diminish the value and competitive advantage conferred by our intellectual property assets. 
 Monitoring and detecting any unauthorized access, use or disclosure of our intellectual property is complex, and we cannot be certain that the protective measures we have implemented will completely prevent misuse. Our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to litigation risks and uncertainty as to the protection and enforceability of those rights in some countries. If we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights, we may be subject to claims that those rights are invalid or unenforceable, and others may seek counterclaims against us, which could have a negative impact on our business. Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. 
 Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties. 
 Much of our business and many of our products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties. For example, many of our software offerings are developed using software components or other intellectual property licensed from third parties, including through both proprietary and open-source licenses. These third-party software components may become obsolete, defective, or incompatible with future versions of our products, our relationship with the third party may deteriorate or cease, or our agreements with the third party may expire or be terminated. We may face legal or business disputes with licensors that may threaten or lead to the disruption of inbound licensing relationships. In order to remain in compliance with the terms of our licenses, we must carefully monitor and manage our use of third-party software components, including both proprietary and open source license terms that may require the licensing or public disclosure of our intellectual property without compensation or on undesirable terms. Additionally, some of these licenses may not be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable or that allow our product offerings to remain competitive. Our inability to obtain licenses or rights on favorable terms could have a material effect on our business, including our financial condition and results of operations. In 
 29 

Table of Conte n t 

addition, it is possible that as a consequence of a merger or acquisition, we may acquire intellectual property subject to licensing obligations to third parties, other third parties may obtain licenses to some of our intellectual property rights or our business may be subject to certain restrictions that were not in place prior to such transaction. Because the availability and cost of licenses from third parties depends upon the willingness of third parties to deal with us on the terms we request, there is a risk that third parties who license to our competitors will either refuse to license us at all, or refuse to license us on terms equally favorable to those granted to our competitors. Consequently, we may lose a competitive advantage with respect to these intellectual property rights or we may be required to enter into costly arrangements in order to terminate or limit these rights. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, including patent infringement, are commonplace in our industry and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services. 
 Third parties may claim that we or customers indemnified by us are infringing upon or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. Patent assertion entities frequently purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of extracting infringement settlements. Furthermore, our exposure to these risks associated with the use of intellectual property may be increased as a result of acquisitions; not only do we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks, but also third parties may make infringement and similar claims only after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. If we cannot license, or replace, allegedly infringed intellectual property on reasonable terms, our operations could be adversely affected. In addition, there is uncertainty around the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights related to our use, development, and deployment of AI and AI systems and solutions. Our use of AI technologies, whether created by us for internal or customer use cases or otherwise incorporated from external sources into our offerings, could lead to violation of third-party intellectual property rights, and could require us to incur significant expenses to modify our solutions and processes or otherwise engage in efforts to remain in compliance with the law. Even if we believe that intellectual property claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend against and may divert management's attention and resources away from our business. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to redesign affected products, discontinue certain product offerings, enter into costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from importing, marketing, or selling certain of our products. Even if we have an agreement to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable or unwilling to uphold its contractual obligations to us. 
 Financial Risks 
 Adverse developments affecting our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs, and access to capital markets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations or those of the third parties with whom we do business. 
 We currently maintain investment grade credit ratings with Moody's Investors Service, Standard Poor's Ratings Services, and Fitch Ratings Services. Despite these investment grade credit ratings at this time, we may experience downgrades in our credit ratings for various reasons, including but not limited to for reasons in connection with the substantial amount of debt we have incurred and expect to assume in connection with the Merger. Any such downgrades could increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, jeopardize our ability to incur debt on terms acceptable to us, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper, or require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts. Additionally, increased borrowing costs, including those arising from a credit rating downgrade, can potentially reduce the competitiveness of our financing business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position, and access to capital markets. 
 In addition, volatility and disruption in the financial sector and capital markets and other events negatively affecting macroeconomic conditions or contributing to the instability or volatility thereof, such as changing interest rates, have from time to time in the past impacted, and may in the future impact, our liquidity, capital position, and access to capital markets. Our total liquidity depends in part on the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility and our other financing agreements. The failure of any lender's ability to fund future draws on our revolving credit facility or our other financing arrangements could reduce the amount of cash we have available for operations and additional capital for future needs. The future effects of such events are unknown and difficult to predict at this time, and could adversely affect us, our customers, financial institutions, transactional counterparties, or others with which we do business, which may in turn have adverse impacts on our current and/or projected business operations, financial condition, and our results of operations. 
 Our obligation to consummate the Merger is not subject to a financing condition, and as such, may be subject to events beyond our control, such as the timing of receipt of regulatory approvals. Further, portions of our recently issued debt contain special mandatory redemption provisions, and if we do not consummate the Merger before October 2025, we may be required to redeem certain series of such debt, which would result in less flexibility to address other funding needs. 
 Our debt obligations may adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends. 
 In addition to our current total carrying debt, we may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. In order to consummate the Merger, we have incurred a substantial amount of debt, and plan to incur further debt, as well. This collective 
 30 

Table of Conte n t 

amount of debt could have important adverse consequences to us and our investors, including requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make principal and interest payments; making it more difficult to satisfy other obligations; increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing; increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; reducing the cash flows available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; and limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase our common stock. 
 While the U.S. Federal Reserve has begun lowering interest rates and signaled its intention to keep doing so, macroeconomic circumstances may change, resulting in delays or reversal of such actions, including by central banks around the world, which may result in a prolonged high interest rate environment and affect our ability to incur debt at reasonable prices or our desire to incur further debt at all. To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above could increase, including requiring additional expected cash flows from operations to service our debt. In addition, our actual cash requirements to operate our business in the future may be greater than expected. Our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to service our outstanding debt or to repay our outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to service or refinance our debt. 
 The revenue and profitability of our operations have historically varied, which makes our future financial results less predictable. 
 Our revenue, gross margin, and profit vary among our diverse products and services, customer groups, and geographic markets and therefore, will likely be different in future periods than our historical results. Our revenue depends on the overall demand for our products and services, which is difficult to accurately predict, varies from time to time, may be uneven across our portfolio of offerings, and is subject to industry-wide or broader macroeconomic market dynamics, all of which have in the past adversely impacted, and may again in the future adversely impact, our business and financial condition. Additionally, the varying sizes of customer contracts or orders, variations in customer acceptances of delivered orders, the timing thereof, and cancellations and/or de-bookings of such orders (due to various reasons, including but not limited to failure to satisfy terms and compliance matters, whether initiated by us or the customer) can be uneven across our portfolio and have at times impacted, and in the future could impact, our pipeline, bookings and our ability to recognize revenue, if at all (particularly with respect to contracts and orders involving our AI offerings). Such variables have in the past negatively impacted our financial performance, and may do so again in the future. Delays or reductions in discretionary IT spending by our customers or potential customers have had, and in the future could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services, which could result in a significant decline in revenue. For example, we have seen demand soften unevenly across our portfolio and geographies, which may continue, as certain customers and sectors have been taking longer than anticipated to digest prior large orders. In addition, revenue declines in some of our businesses may affect revenue in our other businesses as we may lose cross-selling opportunities. Overall gross margins and profitability in any given period are dependent partially on the product, service, customer, and geographic mix reflected in that period's net revenue. 
 Furthermore, the relationship between China and the U.S., and any subsequent action that may be taken by either country, may significantly vary the results our operations and financial performance from that region. There could be additional uncertainty surrounding the enforceability of contract obligations, as well as the timing and form of payments from China. 
 Competition, lawsuits, investigations, increases in component and manufacturing costs that we are unable to pass on to our customers, component supply disruptions, and other risks affecting our businesses may have a significant impact on our overall gross margin and profitability. Variations in our fixed cost structure and gross margins across business units and product portfolios, have from time to time led to, and may lead to significant operating profit volatility on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. In addition, newer geographic market opportunities may be relatively less profitable due to our investments associated with entering those markets and local pricing pressures, and we may have difficulty establishing and maintaining the operating infrastructure necessary to support the high growth rate associated with some of those markets. Market trends, industry shifts, competitive pressures, commoditization of products, increased component or shipping costs, regulatory impacts, and other factors have from time to time resulted in, and may in the future result in, reductions in revenue or pressure on gross margins of certain segments in a given period, which may lead to adjustments to our operations. Moreover, our efforts to address the challenges facing our business could increase the level of variability in our financial results because the rate at which we are able to realize the benefits from those efforts may vary from period to period. 
 Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. 
 In some of our businesses, our quarterly sales have periodically reflected a pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter's total sales occurs towards the end of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes predicting revenue, earnings, cash flow from operations, and working capital for each financial period difficult, increases the risk of unanticipated variations in our quarterly results and financial condition, and places pressure on our inventory management and logistics systems. If predicted demand is substantially greater than orders, there may be excess inventory; and alternatively, if 
 31 

Table of Conte n t 

orders substantially exceed predicted demand, we may not be able to fulfill all of the orders received in each quarter and such orders may be canceled, all of which we experienced from time to time in the past and may do so again in the future. Depending on when they occur in a quarter, developments such as a systems failure, component pricing movements, component shortages, or global logistics disruptions, have in the past adversely impacted, and could in the future adversely impact, our inventory levels and results of operations in a manner that is disproportionate to the number of days in the quarter affected. We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products that also have produced, and may in the future produce, variations in our quarterly results and financial condition. Many of the factors that create and affect seasonal trends are beyond our control. 
 Separately, periodic supply chain shortages and constraints have, in some instances, resulted in, and may result in, increases to the costs of production of our hardware products that we have, at times, not been able to, and may, in the future, not be able to pass on to our customers. We have, in some instances, responded to such constraints by committing to higher inventory purchases and balances relative to our historical positions in order to secure manufacturing capacity, components to fulfill orders, or both. While these measures have been taken to shorten lead times to deliver products to customers, they may also result in excess or obsolete components in the future if the demand for our products is less than we anticipate or orders are cancelled, which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements, we use certain estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and other factors. Our most critical accounting estimates are described in the section entitled Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. In addition, as discussed in Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates and Note 17, Litigation, Contingencies, and Commitments to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II, we make certain estimates, including decisions related to provisions for legal proceedings and other contingencies. While we believe that these estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances, they are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Declaration, payment and amounts of dividends, if any, to holders of our shares will be uncertain. 
 Our board of directors will have the discretion to determine whether any dividends on our common stock will be declared, when dividends, if any, are declared, and the amount of such dividends. We expect that such determination would be based on a number of considerations, including our results of operations and capital management plans, availability of funds, our access to capital markets, as well as industry practice, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 
 In addition, on September 13, 2024, we issued 30,000,000 shares of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock with a dividend rate of 7.625 per annum on the liquidation preference of 50 per share (the Preferred Stock ). The Preferred Stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to the payment of dividends. As long as any share of Preferred Stock is outstanding, unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Preferred Stock for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid in full or declared and set apart for payment, we may not declare, pay or set apart for payment any dividends on our common stock or any other class or series of stock that ranks junior to the Preferred Stock. Dividends on the Preferred Stock are discretionary and cumulative. Holders of Preferred Stock will only receive dividends on their shares when, as and if declared by our board of directors. If dividends on the Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, holders of Preferred Stock, together as a class with holders of any other series of parity stock with like voting rights, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to our board of directors. This right to elect additional directors to our board of directors will dilute the representation of our stockholders on our board of directors and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. When quarterly dividends have been declared and set apart for payment in full, the right of the holders of Preferred Stock to elect these two additional directors will cease, the terms of office of these two directors will forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be reduced accordingly. Additional risks related to the Preferred Stock are contained in the prospectus supplement dated September 10, 2024. 
 Regulatory and Government Risks 
 Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to various US (federal, state, and local), and foreign laws and regulations. Laws and regulations may change in ways that will require us to modify our business model and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs or prohibiting them outright. For example, as a result of laws and regulations concerning responsible and sustainable business practices, we face increasing complexity related to product design, safety and compliance; the use of regulated, hazardous, and scarce materials; the management, movement and disposal of hazardous substances and waste; the associated energy consumption and efficiency related to operations and the 
 32 

Table of Conte n t 

use of products, services, and solutions; the transportation and shipping of products and other materials; supply chain due diligence; climate change adaptation and mitigation; greenhouse gas emissions; sustainability-related regulations and reporting requirements; and the reuse, recycling and/or disposal of products and their components at end-of-use or useful life and associated operational or financial responsibility. A significant portion of our hardware revenues come from international sales. Any changes to current environmental legal requirements may increase our cost of doing business internationally and impact our hardware revenues from the EU, U.S., China, India and/or other countries proposing or adopting similar environmental legal requirements. In addition, other sustainability reporting-related laws, regulations, treaties, and similar initiatives and programs are being proposed, adopted, and implemented throughout the world If we were to violate or become liable under environmental or certain sustainability-related laws or if our products become non-compliant with such laws or market access requirements, it could result in loss of market access or limit offerings in those markets or our customers may refuse to purchase our products, and we could incur costs or face other sanctions, such as restrictions on our products entering certain jurisdictions, fines, and/or civil or criminal sanctions. Environmental regulations may also impact the availability and cost of energy or emissions related to energy consumption which may increase our cost of manufacturing and/or the cost of powering and cooling owned IT infrastructures. 
 In addition, our business is subject to an ever-growing number of laws and regulations addressing privacy and information security, including the use of AI. In particular, we face an increasingly complex global regulatory environment and patchwork of state laws in the U.S., increasing the risks addressing these regulatory requirements and in responding to potential security and data incidents. The increase in aaS offerings may also be impacted by data localization and international data transfer requirements under various privacy laws, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation. Given our significant employee and operational presence in India, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (which was approved in August 2023) has imposed, and may continue to impose, additional restrictions and compliance costs on us. Furthermore, the rapid development and deployment of tools that leverage AI is also causing governments to consider and implement regulation of AI, even for AI that does not pertain to personal data, which is impacting and may further impact the use and incorporation of AI capabilities in our offerings and in our customer s demand for such offerings. We have received inquiries, and may be subject to demands, claims, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and additional inquiries (including those from U.S. or foreign governmental authorities), relating to AI use cybersecurity and data incidents that we have experienced or may in the future experience. If we were to violate or become liable under laws or regulations associated with privacy or security or the use of AI, we could incur substantial costs or be exposed to potential regulatory fines, civil or criminal sanctions, third-party claims, and reputational damage. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations relating to these topics could subject us to liability to our customers, data subjects, suppliers, business partners, employees, and others, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, could damage our reputation or could otherwise materially harm our business, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Jurisdictions in which we have significant operations and assets, such as the U.S., China, India, and the E.U., each have exercised and continue to exercise significant influence over many aspects of their domestic economies including, but not limited to fair competition, tax practices, anti-corruption, anti-trust, responsible sourcing and human rights (including the use of conflict minerals), price controls and international trade, which have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. 
 Contracts with federal, state, provincial, and local governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business. 
 Our contracts with federal, state, provincial, and local governmental customers are subject to various government procurement laws and regulations, required contract provisions, and other requirements relating to contract formation, administration, and performance, as well as local content, manufacturing, information security and security requirements. Any violation of government contracting laws and regulations or contract terms could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments and fines, treble damages, and suspension from future government contracting. Additionally, changes in underlying regulatory requirements that vary across the geographies in which we operate could increase compliance costs and risks. Such failures could also cause reputational damage to our business. In addition, in the US, we will continue to be subject to qui tam litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the government relating to our government contracts. If we are suspended or disbarred from government work or if our ability to compete for new government contracts is adversely affected, our financial performance could suffer. 
 Government contracts impose additional challenges and risks to our sales efforts. Government demand and payment for our products and services may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, including in connection with an extended government shutdown, with funding reductions, or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and services. Such developments could result in material payment delays, payment reductions, or contract terminations by our governmental customers, which may impact our results of operations and financial condition. These may also adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition of government contractors with whom we 
 33 

Table of Conte n t 

conduct business. This may cause those government contractors to become unable to meet their obligations under contracts with us. 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our financial performance. 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our tax liabilities are affected by the amounts we charge in intercompany transactions for inventory, services, licenses, funding, and other items. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters, and may assess additional taxes as a result. There can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and therefore could have a material impact on our tax provision, net income and cash flows. In addition, our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by acquisitions, changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. The carrying value of our deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), an international association of 38 countries including the United States, has proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, namely, its Pillar Two framework, which imposes a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15 . To date, 43 countries have enacted portions, or all, of the OECD proposal and a further 22 countries have drafted, or have announced an intent to draft, legislation enacting the proposed rules. Where enacted, the rules begin to be effective for us in fiscal 2025. Under US GAAP, the OECD Pillar Two rules are considered an alternative minimum tax, and therefore deferred taxes would not be recognized or adjusted for the estimated effects of the future minimum tax. As a result, there was no impact to our fiscal 2024 results. The adoption and effective dates of these rules may vary by country and could increase tax complexity and uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. We currently do not expect a material impact to our fiscal 2025 results. 
 During fiscal 2019, we executed a Termination and Mutual Release Agreement which terminated our Tax Matters Agreement with HP Inc. Because we now have limited indemnity rights from HP Inc., we potentially bear more economic risk for certain potential unfavorable tax assessments. 
 Risks Related to Prior Separations 
 The stock distribution in either or both of the completed separations of our former Enterprise Services business and our former Software segment could result in significant tax liability, and DXC Technology Company or Micro Focus International plc (as applicable) may in certain cases be obligated to indemnify us for any such tax liability imposed on us. 
 The completed separations and mergers of our former Enterprise Services business with DXC Technology Company DXC (the Everett Transaction or Everett and our Software Segment with Micro Focus International plc Micro Focus (the Seattle Transaction or Seattle were conditioned upon the receipt of an opinion from outside counsel regarding the qualification of (i) the relevant distribution and related transactions as a reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(a), 361 and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and (ii) the relevant merger as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. While the Seattle Transaction generally qualified for tax-free treatment for us, Seattle SpinCo and Micro Focus, the acquisition of Seattle SpinCo by Micro Focus resulted in the recognition of gain (but not loss) for U.S. persons who received Micro Focus American Depositary Shares in the Software separation. 
 Each opinion of outside counsel was based upon and relied on, among other things, certain facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of us, Everett SpinCo and CSC, or us, Seattle SpinCo and Micro Focus, as applicable. If any of these representations, statements or undertakings are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, or if any party breaches any of its covenants in the relevant separation documents, the relevant opinion of counsel may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. Notwithstanding the opinions of counsel, the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS could determine that either or both of the distributions should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings upon which the relevant opinion of counsel was based are false or have been violated, or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel. An opinion of counsel is not binding on the IRS and there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert a contrary position. 
 If the distribution of Everett SpinCo or Seattle SpinCo, as applicable, together with certain related transactions, failed to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in general, we would recognize taxable gain as if we had sold the stock of Everett SpinCo or Seattle SpinCo, as applicable, in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and our stockholders who receive Everett SpinCo shares or Seattle SpinCo shares in the relevant distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. 
 34 

Table of Conte n t 

We obtained private letter rulings from the IRS regarding certain U.S. federal income tax matters relating to the separation of our Enterprise Services business and Software Segment. Those rulings concluded that certain transactions in those separations are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The conclusions of the IRS private letter rulings were based, among other things, on various factual assumptions we have authorized and representations we have made to the IRS. If any of these assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, the validity of the IRS private letter rulings may be affected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we incurred certain tax costs in connection with the completed separation of our former Enterprise Services business and Software Segment, including non-U.S. tax expenses resulting from the completed separation of our former Enterprise Services business and Software Segment in multiple non-U.S. jurisdictions that do not legally provide for tax-free separations, which may be material. If the completed separation of our former Enterprise Services business or Software Segment (including certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of those separations) are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, our stockholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and/or DXC and/or Micro Focus could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 
 We continue to face a number of risks related to our separation from HP Inc., our former parent, including those associated with ongoing indemnification obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and shared use of certain intellectual property rights, which could in the future adversely impact our reputation. 
 In connection with our separation from HP Inc. on November 1, 2015 (the Separation ), Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP Inc. entered into several agreements that determine the allocation of assets and liabilities between the companies following the Separation and include any necessary indemnifications related to liabilities and obligations. In these agreements, HP Inc. agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we agreed to indemnify HP Inc. for certain liabilities, including cross-indemnities that are designed and intended to place financial responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of our business with us, and financial responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of HP Inc.'s business with HP Inc. We may be obligated to fully indemnify HP Inc. for certain liabilities under the Separation agreements or HP Inc. may not be able to fully cover their indemnification obligations to us under the same Separation agreements. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 In addition, the terms of the Separation also include licenses and other arrangements to provide for certain ongoing use of intellectual property in the operations of both businesses. For example, through a joint brand holding structure, both Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP Inc. retain the ability to make ongoing use of certain variations of the legacy Hewlett-Packard and HP branding, respectively. As a result of this continuing shared use of the legacy branding there is a risk that conduct or events adversely affecting the reputation of HP Inc. could also adversely affect our reputation. 
 General Risks 
 Our stock price has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of our stock difficult to predict. 
 Investors should not rely on recent or historical trends to predict future stock prices, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our stock price, like that of other technology companies, can be volatile and can be affected by, among other things, speculation, coverage, or sentiment in the media or the investment community; the announcement and anticipated timing of new, planned or contemplated products, services, technological innovations, acquisitions, divestitures, or other significant transactions by us or our competitors; developments in our as-a-service business model; our perceived progress in integrating acquired companies; our quarterly financial results and comparisons to estimates by the investment community or financial outlook provided by us; the financial results and business strategies of our competitors; inflation; market volatility or downturns caused by outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, or other macroeconomic dynamics; developments relating to pending investigations, claims, and disputes; or the timing and amount of our share repurchases. General or industry specific market conditions or stock market performance or domestic or international macroeconomic and geopolitical factors unrelated to our performance also may affect the price of our stock. Volatility in the price of our securities could result in the filing of securities class action litigation matters, which could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management time and resources. 
 35 

Table of Conte n t 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity. 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 Our Cybersecurity and Digital Risk Management CDRM organization, under the leadership of a Global Chief Information Security Officer Global CISO ), operates a cybersecurity program that is designed to help us assess, identify, manage, and mitigate risks relating to cybersecurity threats and incidents. We design our cybersecurity standards, policies, processes and controls to operate in an integrated manner, leveraging applicable industry standards and security frameworks, including the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, as guides in supporting our ability to perform such functions. 
 CDRM manages our cybersecurity program, including by fostering collaboration with partners across business units and functional areas to identify and assess material cybersecurity threats, evaluate their severity, and explore ways to mitigate and manage such risks. Business units and functional areas are responsible for managing risks and implementing our policies and standards within the respective business unit or function. Compliance with our policies and standards is assessed by CDRM in conjunction with our internal audit function, through periodic cybersecurity audits. 
 As part of our cybersecurity program, we maintain a Cyber Risk Management Program that seeks to address key risk management concepts, including mission and vision, escalation path for risk mitigation, risk assessments, and risk treatment. We do so by conducting a variety of planning and preparedness activities, including employing monitoring tools to identify suspicious or anomalous activity, vulnerabilities, or signs of compromise across our networks, systems, and data. We utilize data from attack surface management tools to produce a prioritized set of vulnerabilities for remediation. We also require mandatory cybersecurity training for employees and periodically conduct Company-wide phishing simulations. 
 To aide in assessing material risks from cybersecurity threats, our enterprise risk management ERM program incorporates cybersecurity risks as part of its process to assess overall risk of the Company. The ERM organization supports management by facilitating a semi-annual risk assessment, which documents the priority and status of these risks and aligns them with our strategic mitigation efforts. ERM is structured using a framework based on guidance from the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission on Enterprise Risk Management Integrating Strategy with Performance. 
 Within CDRM, our Cybersecurity Defense Center CDC has established policies, processes, and controls that are designed to monitor, detect, investigate, respond to, and escalate management of cybersecurity threats and incidents. If we experience a cybersecurity incident, the CDC activates an incident response plan, which includes processes to enable us to triage, assess severity of, escalate, contain, investigate, and remediate the incident, as well as to comply with applicable legal obligations and mitigate brand and reputational harm. Based on initial investigation into such incident s impact to the Company, the actor(s) involved, and other factors, the CDC assigns a severity level to an incident, which dictates the escalation path for a given incident. For incidents rising to higher levels of severity, the Cyber Governance and Incident Disclosure Committee, a cross-functional committee spanning cybersecurity, IT, legal, finance, enterprise risk management, and compliance teams, assesses the severity and potential materiality of such incidents and, as appropriate, escalates to designated members of our senior management for further assessment, response, and remediation. Additionally, we have established a Cyber Crisis Management Team, responsible for addressing and responding to the most severe cyber incidents. If warranted, senior management notifies the Audit Committee and/or the full Board of Directors, as appropriate. Throughout this process, the CDC continues to investigate the incident and, as its understanding of the incident evolves, updates its severity assessment, as necessary. 
 We engage third-party security experts, assessors, and consultants, as appropriate, to assess our cybersecurity risk management processes; support our ongoing certification efforts; help identify areas for continued focus, improvement, and compliance; and support incident response functions, to the extent necessary, all of which support our cybersecurity program. From time to time, we conduct third-party-administered, as well as internally administered, tabletop exercises, which simulate cybersecurity threats, to assess our existing cybersecurity infrastructure and incident response processes. We also periodically conduct offensive security assessments and vulnerability tests, and continuously monitor our computing environments to gain visibility into our security posture and detect vulnerabilities, abnormalities, or signs of compromise. 
 In addition to monitoring risks from threats to our own assets, we administer third-party risk management practices that endeavor to help identify and manage supply chain and vendor risk arising from some of our key suppliers and other service provider organizations. We do so in a variety of ways, such as gathering information on third parties cybersecurity programs and controls, performing due diligence, undertaking cybersecurity reviews and/or audits, and/or mandating certain contractual requirements, such as notification of cybersecurity incidents. 
 36 

Table of Conte n t 

Governance 
 Our Global CISO, who reports to our Chief Operating and Legal Officer COLO ), has principal management-level responsibility for our cybersecurity program, which includes assessing and managing our cybersecurity risks, along with developing and implementing cybersecurity processes, policies, and controls that are used for managing cybersecurity risk across the Company. Our Global CISO is supported by the CISO of Cyber Defense and the CISO of Cyber Governance both of whom have extensive experience in private sector cybersecurity roles and a team of cybersecurity professionals with relevant educational and industry experience. The Global CISO periodically meets with the Cyber Governance and Incident Disclosure Committee, our enterprise risk management function and chief-level executives to discuss cybersecurity risks, as well as related mitigation and remediation activities. The CDC monitors the prevention, detection, investigation, mitigation, response to, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents, and regularly reports to our CISO of Cyber Defense, who then subsequently reports to the Global CISO. 
 Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing cybersecurity risk, primarily through the Audit Committee. Cybersecurity reviews by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors are scheduled to occur at least quarterly and annually, respectively, or more frequently, as deemed necessary or advisable. Such presentations to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors, as applicable, are made by our COLO and Global CISO and address topics such as cybersecurity threats, incidents, risks, results from internal and third-party assessments, progress towards risk-mitigation goals, the functioning of our incident response program, and regulatory developments. At times, the Audit Committee may receive additional cybersecurity risk reviews from other members of management and/or internal cybersecurity experts on certain of our key business segments and products. The Audit Committee regularly reports to our Board of Directors regarding the committee s oversight of such cybersecurity matters. Additionally, the COLO and Global CISO may provide ad hoc updates to the Board of Directors and/or the Audit Committee if necessitated by a security incident or other significant developments. 
 HPE, like all organizations operating in the technology landscape, faces significant and persistent cybersecurity risks. To date, no risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incident, have materially affected us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Notwithstanding our cybersecurity program, we may not be successful in identifying a cybersecurity risk or preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident or vulnerability, which if realized, could reasonably likely materially affect us. Additional information on the cybersecurity risks we face can be found in the section titled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our prior Global CISO departed HPE at the end of October 2024. We have identified a successor, who will join HPE in January 2025, previously served in relevant leadership positions at other public and private companies, and will bring over two decades of technology experience spanning information security and IT, including serving as CISO at other large companies. In the interim, our CDRM organization has been and will be led by our CISO of Cyber Defense and CISO of Cyber Governance, both reporting directly to our COLO. 
 
 ITEM 2. Properties. 
 As of October 31, 2024, we owned or leased approximately 11 million square feet of space worldwide, which included 3 million square feet of vacated space. A summary of the Company's operationally utilized space is provided below. 
 As of October 31, 2024 Owned Leased Total (Square feet in millions) Administration and support 2 4 6 (Percentage) 33 67 100 Core data centers, manufacturing plants, research and development facilities, and warehouse operations 1 1 2 (Percentage) 50 50 100 Total 3 5 8 (Percentage) 37 63 100 
 We believe that our existing properties are in good condition and are suitable for the conduct of our business. Substantially all of our properties are utilized in whole or in part by our Server, Hybrid Cloud, and Intelligent Edge segments. 
 37 

Table of Conte n t 

Principal Executive Offices 
 Our principal executive offices, including our global headquarters, are located at 1701 East Mossy Oaks Road, Spring, Texas, 77389, United States of America. 
 Product Development, Services and Manufacturing 
 The location of our major product development, services, manufacturing, and Hewlett Packard Labs facilities are as follows: 
 Americas 
 
 Puerto Rico Aguadilla 
 
 United States Alpharetta, Andover, Chippewa Falls, Colorado Springs, Fort Collins, Houston, Milpitas, Roseville, Santa Clara, Spring, Sunnyvale 
 Europe, Middle East, Africa 
 
 United Kingdom Erskine 
 Asia Pacific 
 
 China Beijing 
 India Bangalore 
 Japan Tokyo 
 Singapore Singapore 
 Taiwan Taipei 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 17, Litigation, Contingencies, and Commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 38 

Table of Conte n t 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 The common stock of Hewlett Packard Enterprise is listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol HPE. 
 Holders 
 As of December 9, 2024, there were 43,102 stockholders of record of Hewlett Packard Enterprise common stock. 
 Dividends 
 During fiscal 2024, we paid a quarterly dividend of 0.13 per share of common stock to our holders of common stock. On December 5, 2024 we declared a quarterly dividend of 0.13 per share of common stock, payable on January 16, 2025, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 20, 2024. 
 We also declared a cash dividend of 0.82604167 per share of our 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ), which was paid on December 1, 2024, to holders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2024. 
 The payment of any dividends in the future on shares of our common stock and our Preferred Stock, and the timing and amount thereof, is within the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors' decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in our debt, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and on our access to the capital markets. Furthermore, so long as any share of our Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend on shares of common stock (or any other class of stock junior to the Preferred Stock) shall be declared or paid unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding dividend periods for the Preferred Stock have been declared and paid in full in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends, on all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to pay a dividend in any future period. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2024 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased and Settled Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs In thousands, except per share amounts Month 1 (August 2024) 115 19.84 115 861,886 Month 2 (September 2024) 861,886 Month 3 (October 2024) 2,363 20.35 2,363 813,792 Total 2,478 20.33 2,478 
 On October 13, 2015, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program with a 3.0 billion authorization, which was refreshed with additional share repurchase authorizations of 3.0 billion, 5.0 billion and 2.5 billion on May 24, 2016, October 16, 2017 and February 21, 2018, respectively. This program, which does not have a specific expiration date, authorizes repurchases in the open market or in private transactions. The Company may choose to repurchase shares when sufficient liquidity exists and the shares are trading at a discount relative to estimated intrinsic value. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had a remaining authorization of approximately 0.8 billion for future share repurchases. 
 Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 
 The graph below shows a comparison of cumulative total stockholder return, the S P 500 Index, and the S P Information Technology Index. This graph covers the period from October 31, 2019 through October 31, 2024. This graph assumes the investment of 100 in the stock or the index on October 31, 2019 (and the reinvestment of dividends thereafter). 
 39 

Table of Conte n t 

The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 
 
 10/2019 10/2020 10/2021 10/2022 10/2023 10/2024 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 100.00 54.88 96.26 96.84 107.55 140.18 S P 500 Index 100.00 109.70 156.75 133.82 147.36 203.35 S P Information Technology Index 100.00 134.47 197.56 157.53 206.12 311.72 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 40 

Table of Conte n t 

ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 For purposes of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A section, we use the terms Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HPE, the Company, we, us, and our to refer to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company. 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. Discussions of fiscal 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year October 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on December 22, 2023, which is available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 We intend the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to provide information that will assist the reader in understanding our Consolidated Financial Statements, changes in certain key items in these financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for these changes, as well as how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our Consolidated Financial Statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. 
 This MD A is organized as follows: 
 Trends and Uncertainties. A discussion of material events and uncertainties known to management, such as the mixed macroeconomic environment of supply chain constraints (though easing), uneven demand across our portfolio, increased demand for and adoption of new technologies, conservative (though recovering) customer spending environment, persistent inflation, foreign exchange pressures, recent tax developments, and pending merger with Juniper Networks, Inc. Juniper Networks ). 
 Executive Overview. A discussion of our business and a summary of our financial performance and other highlights, including non-GAAP financial measures, affecting the Company in order to provide context to the remainder of the MD A. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. A discussion of accounting policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. 
 Results of Operations. A discussion of the results of operations at the consolidated level is followed by a discussion of the results of operations at the segment level. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. An analysis of changes in our cash flows, financial condition, liquidity, and cash requirements and commitments. 
 GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations . Each non-GAAP financial measure has been reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. This section also includes a discussion of the use, usefulness and economic substance of the non-GAAP financial measures, along with a discussion of material limitations, and compensation for those limitations, associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 During fiscal 2024, the effects of the evolving macroeconomic environment on demand persisted and certain significant developments impacted our operations as follows: 
 Technological Advancements: We have observed market trends and demand (of customers of various segments and sizes) gravitating towards artificial intelligence AI ), hybrid cloud, edge computing, data security capabilities, and related offerings. The volume of data at the edge continues to grow, driven by the proliferation of more devices. The need for a unified cloud experience everywhere has grown, as well, in order to manage the growth of data at the edge. With the abundance of data, there are opportunities to develop AI tools with powerful computational abilities to extract insights and value from the captured data. Increasing demand for AI is also contributing to changes in the competitive landscape. Our major competitors and emerging competitors are expanding their product and service offerings with integrated products and solutions and exerting increased competitive pressure. We expect these market dynamics and trends to continue in the longer term. 
 Macroeconomic Uncertainty: The effect of the evolving macroeconomic environment has been impacting industry-wide demand, as customers take longer to work through prior orders and have been adopting a more conservative approach to discretionary IT spending. This has resulted in uneven demand across our portfolio and geographies, particularly for certain of our hardware offerings, as customers have focused investments on modernizing infrastructure, such as migrating to cloud-based 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

offerings, including our own. We expect such mixed macroeconomic environment to largely continue (though ease slightly) and possibly limit revenue growth in the near term. 
 Supply Chain: During fiscal 2024, we experienced supply chain constraints for certain components, including graphics processing units GPUs and accelerated processing units, but they have since eased, in part due to increased availability of supply and lower material and logistics costs. Logistics costs decreased from previously elevated levels as a result of declines in both expedited shipments and overall rate costs in the freight network. We have, in fact, been experiencing higher-than-normal inventory levels, primarily due to customers transitioning to the next generation of GPUs, our securing supply ahead of demand, and longer customer acceptance timelines on AI-related orders; we expect this trend to continue in the medium term. We have experienced, and expect to continue experiencing, rising input component costs and a competitive pricing environment, which may impact our financial results. We plan to mitigate the impact of these dynamics through continued disciplined cost and pricing management. 
 Recurring Revenue and Consumption Models: We continue to strengthen our core server and storage-oriented offerings and expand our offerings on the HPE GreenLake cloud, to deliver our entire portfolio as-a-service aaS and become the edge-to-cloud company for our customers and partners. We expect that such flexible consumption model will continue to strengthen our customer relationships and contribute to growth in recurring revenue. 
 Foreign Currency Exposure: We have a large global presence, with more than half of our revenue generated outside of the U.S. As a result, our financial results can be, and particularly in recent periods have been, impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We utilize a comprehensive hedging strategy intended to mitigate the impact of foreign currency volatility over time, and we adjust pricing when possible to further minimize foreign currency impacts. 
 Recent Tax Developments: The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), an international association of 38 countries including the United States, has proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, namely, its Pillar Two framework, which imposes a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15 . To date, 43 countries have enacted portions, or all, of the OECD proposal and a further 22 countries have drafted, or have announced an intent to draft, legislation enacting the proposed rules. Where enacted, the rules begin to be effective for us in fiscal 2025. Under US GAAP, the OECD Pillar Two rules are considered an alternative minimum tax and therefore deferred taxes would not be recognized or adjusted for the estimated effects of the future minimum tax. As a result, there was no impact to our fiscal 2024 results. The adoption and effective dates of these rules may vary by country and could increase tax complexity and uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. We currently do not expect a material impact to our fiscal 2025 results. 
 The Internal Revenue Service IRS is conducting audits of our fiscal 2017 through 2022 U.S. federal income tax returns. During fiscal 2023, the IRS issued notices of proposed adjustments NOPAs for 2017, 2018, and 2019 relating to our intercompany transfer pricing. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the IRS issued a Revenue Agent Report finalizing their position on the NOPAs for the same issues and same fiscal years. However, we disagreed with the IRS adjustments and believe the positions taken on our tax returns are more likely than not to prevail on technical merits and have continued with settlement discussions with the IRS. During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we submitted a formal settlement offer to the IRS to facilitate the closing of the audit and recorded increased reserves for unrecognized tax benefits of 122 million. The impact of the increase in reserves is almost entirely offset with a valuation allowance release, and the net impact to income tax expense for fiscal 2024 was not material. It is reasonably possible that the IRS audit for fiscal 2017 through 2019 may be concluded in the next 12 months, and it is reasonably possible that existing unrecognized tax benefits related to these years may be reduced by an amount up to 358 million within the next 12 months, the majority of which relates to adjustments to foreign tax credits that carry a full valuation allowance or to the timing of intercompany royalty revenue recognition, neither of which affects the Company s effective tax rate. 
 Other Trends and Uncertainties: The impacts of trade protection measures, including increases in tariffs and trade barriers, changes in government policies and international trade arrangements, geopolitical volatility (including the ongoing conflict in the Middle East), and global macroeconomic challenges (including the relationship between China and the U.S.), may impact our operations, financial performance, and ability to conduct business in some non-U.S. markets. We monitor and seek to mitigate these risks with adjustments to our manufacturing, supply chain, and distribution networks. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Pending Merger with Juniper Networks, Inc: On January 9, 2024 , we entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement under which we will acquire Juniper Networks in an all-cash transaction for 40.00 per share (the Merger ), representing an equity value of approximately 14 billion. On April 2, 2024, Juniper Networks shareholders approved the transaction. The transaction is expected to be funded based on senior unsecured delayed draw term loans from a syndicate of banks, the post-tax proceeds from our sale to Unisplendour International Technology Limited UNIS of 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C Technologies Co., Limited H3C ), the net proceeds (including after repayments of maturing debt) of our September 2024 issuances of senior unsecured notes and the Preferred Stock (as further described in Note 15, Stockholders Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II), and cash on the balance sheet. The closing of the transaction remains subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. 
 For further information about the Merger, see Note 10, Acquisitions and Dispositions to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II, and for further discussion about the risks related to the Merger, see the section titled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The foregoing summary of the Merger, the adoption of the Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2024. 
 The following Executive Overview, Results of Operations and Liquidity discussions and analysis compare fiscal 2024 to fiscal 2023 , unless otherwise noted. The Capital Resources and, Cash Requirements and Commitments sections present information as of October 31, 2024, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 Net revenue of 30.1 billion represented an increase of 3.4 (increased 3.3 on a constant currency basis) primarily due to higher average unit prices AUPs in the Server segment, moderated by lower volume and product mix effect in the Intelligent Edge segment. The gross profit margin of 32.8 (or 9.9 billion) represents a decrease of 2.3 percentage points from the prior-year period due to decline in revenue in the Intelligent Edge segment and higher mix of lower margin products in the Server segment. The operating profit margin of 7.3 was relatively flat as compared to the prior-year period. 
 Financial Results 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated GAAP financial results: For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change In millions, except per share amounts Net revenue 30,127 29,135 3.4 Gross profit 9,878 10,239 (3.5) Gross profit margin 32.8 35.1 (2.3)pts Earnings from operations 2,190 2,089 4.8 Operating profit margin 7.3 7.2 0.1pts Net earnings attributable to HPE 
 2,579 2,025 27.4 Net earnings attributable to common stockholders 
 2,554 2,025 26.1 Diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 1.93 1.54 0.39 Cash flow from operations 4,341 4,428 (87) 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

The following table summarizes our consolidated non-GAAP financial results: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change In millions, except per share amounts Net revenue in constant currency 30,107 29,135 3.3 Non-GAAP gross profit 9,893 10,273 (3.7) Non-GAAP gross profit margin 32.8 35.3 (2.5)pts Non-GAAP earnings from operations 3,168 3,145 0.7 Non-GAAP operating profit margin 10.5 10.8 (0.3)pts Non-GAAP net earnings attributable to HPE 
 2,655 2,832 (6.3) Non-GAAP net earnings attributable to common stockholders 
 2,630 2,832 (7.1) Non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders (1) 
 1.99 2.15 (0.16) Free cash flow 2,297 2,238 59 
 
 (1) For purposes of calculating diluted net EPS, the preferred stock dividends are added back to the net earnings attributable to common stockholders and the diluted weighted average share calculation assumes the preferred stock was converted at issuance or as of the beginning of the reporting period. 
 Each non-GAAP financial measure has been reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure herein. Please refer to the section GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliations included in this MD A for these reconciliations, a discussion of the use, usefulness and economic substance of the non-GAAP financial measures, along with a discussion of material limitations, and compensation for those limitations, associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Annualized Revenue Run-rate ARR 
 Our pivot to aaS continues its strong momentum with the addition of HPE GreenLake cloud services. Our mix of ARR is becoming more software-rich as we build our HPE GreenLake cloud, which is improving our margin profile. We will continue to invest aggressively in HPE GreenLake cloud services to provide a true cloud experience and operating model, whether at the edge, on-premises or across multiple clouds. 
 ARR represents the annualized revenue of all net HPE GreenLake cloud services revenue, related financial services revenue (which includes rental income from operating leases and interest income from finance leases), and software-as-a-service SaaS ), software consumption revenue, and other aaS offerings, recognized during a quarter and multiplied by four. We believe that ARR is a metric that allows management to better understand and highlight the potential future performance of our aaS business. We also believe ARR provides investors with greater transparency to our financial information and of the performance metric used in our financial and operational decision making and allows investors to see our results through the eyes of management. We use ARR as a performance metric. ARR should be viewed independently of net revenue and is not intended to be combined with it. 
 ARR does not have any standardized definition and is therefore unlikely to be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. ARR is not a forecast and the active contracts at the end of a reporting period used in calculating ARR may or may not be extended or renewed by our customers. 
 The following table presents our ARR: For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Dollars in millions ARR 1,938 1,304 Year-over-year growth rate 49 39 
 The 49 year over year increase in ARR was primarily due to growth in our Hybrid Cloud, Server and Intelligent Edge segments, which was due to an expanding customer installed base, an expanded range of HPE GreenLake Flex Solutions, Server aaS, and Intelligent Edge aaS activity. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Capital Returns to Shareholders 
 Returning capital to our shareholders remains an important part of our capital allocation framework, which also consists of strategic investments. We believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, along with commercial paper and other short-term liquidity arrangements, are sufficient to satisfy our working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, debt repayments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations. As of October 31, 2024, our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were 15.1 billion, compared to 4.6 billion as of October 31, 2023, representing an increase of 10.5 billion. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), which requires us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. A summary of significant accounting policies and a summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if the nature of the estimate or assumption it incorporates is subject to material level of judgment related to matters that are highly uncertain and changes in those estimates and assumptions are reasonably likely to materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates and judgments may vary under different assumptions or conditions. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. 
 We believe the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We enter into contracts with customers that may include combinations of products and services, resulting in arrangements containing multiple performance obligations for hardware and software products and/or various services. 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from sales of products and services and the associated support and maintenance, and such revenue is recognized when, or as, control of promised products or services is transferred to the customer at the transaction price. Transaction price is adjusted for variable consideration which may be offered in contracts with customers, partners, and distributors and may include rebates, volume-based discounts, price protection, and other incentive programs. 
 Significant judgment is applied in determining the transaction price as we may be required to estimate variable consideration at the time of revenue recognition. When determining the amount of revenue to recognize, we estimate the expected usage of these programs, applying the expected value or most likely estimate and update the estimate at each reporting period as actual utilization becomes available. Variable consideration is recognized only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur. We also consider the customers' right of return in determining the transaction price, where applicable. 
 To recognize revenue for the products and services for which control has been transferred, we allocate the transaction price for the contract among the performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. For products and services sold as a bundle, the SSP is generally not directly observable and requires the Company to estimate SSP based on management judgment by considering available data such as internal margin objectives, pricing strategies, market/competitive conditions, historical profitability data, as well as other observable inputs. For certain products and services, the Company establishes SSP based on the observable price when sold separately in similar circumstances to similar customers. The Company establishes SSP ranges for its products and services and reassesses them periodically. 
 Taxes on Earnings 
 We calculate our current and deferred tax provisions based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the final positions reflected in our income tax returns. We adjust our current and deferred tax provisions based on our tax returns which are generally filed in the third or fourth quarters of the subsequent fiscal year. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences to reverse. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that we are more likely than not to realize. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, we consider future market growth, forecasted earnings, future sources of taxable income, the mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. In order for us to realize our deferred tax assets, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income, of the appropriate character, in the jurisdictions in which the deferred tax assets are located, prior to their expiration under applicable tax laws. 
 Our effective tax rate includes the impact of certain undistributed foreign earnings and basis differences for which we have not provided for U.S. federal taxes because we plan to reinvest such earnings and basis differences indefinitely outside the U.S. We will remit non-indefinitely reinvested earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries for which deferred U.S. state income and foreign withholding taxes have been provided where excess cash has accumulated and when we determine that it is advantageous for business operations, tax, or cash management reasons. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and approximately 80 other countries, and we are subject to routine corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. We believe that positions taken on our tax returns are fully supported, but tax authorities may challenge these positions, which may not be fully sustained on examination by the relevant tax authorities. Accordingly, our income tax provision includes amounts intended to satisfy assessments that may result from these challenges. Determining the income tax provision for these potential assessments and recording the related effects requires management judgments and estimates. The amounts ultimately paid on resolution of an audit could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our Provision for taxes, Net earnings and cash flows. Our accrual for uncertain tax positions is attributable primarily to uncertainties concerning the tax treatment of our international operations, including the allocation of income among different jurisdictions, intercompany transactions and related interest, and uncertain tax positions from acquired companies. For further discussion on taxes on earnings, refer to Note 6, Taxes on Earnings, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 Goodwill 
 We review goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on the first day of the fourth quarter, or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. We are permitted to conduct a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. 
 As of October 31, 2024, our reporting units with goodwill are consistent with the reportable segments identified in Note 2, Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II, with the exception of Server, which contains two reporting units: Compute and High Performance Computing AI HPC AI ), and Corporate Investments and Other which contains two reporting units: Advisory and Professional Services, and legacy Communications and Media Solutions. 
 When performing the goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. An impairment exists if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. 
 Estimating the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a weighting of fair values derived mostly from the income approach and, to a lesser extent, the market approach. Under the income approach, the fair value of a reporting unit is based on discounted cash flow analysis of management's short-term and long-term forecast of operating performance. This analysis includes significant assumptions regarding revenue growth rates, expected operating margins, and timing of expected future cash flows based on market conditions and customer acceptances. The discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital of comparable public companies adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. Under the market approach, the fair value is based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly traded companies with operating and investment characteristics similar to the reporting unit. We weight the fair value derived from the market approach commensurate with the level of comparability of these publicly traded companies to the reporting unit. When market comparables are not meaningful or not available, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit using the income approach. In addition, we make certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to individual reporting units to determine the carrying amount of each reporting unit. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Annual Goodwill Impairment Review 
 Our annual goodwill impairment analysis, which we performed as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, did not result in any impairment charges. The excess of fair value over carrying amount for our reporting units ranged from approximately 8 to 198 of the respective carrying amounts. In order to evaluate the sensitivity of the estimated fair value of our reporting units in the goodwill impairment test, we applied a hypothetical 10 decrease to the fair value of each reporting unit. Based on the results of this hypothetical 10 decrease all of the reporting units had an excess of fair value over carrying amount, except for HPC AI and Hybrid Cloud. 
 The HPC AI reporting unit has goodwill of 2.0 billion as of October 31, 2024, and excess of fair value over carrying value of 11 as of the annual test date. The HPC AI business is growing at a very fast pace driven primarily by the AI demand from model builders, but as GPUs represent a large portion of the solutions, the pricing is very competitive and margins are limited. With the growth of AI in enterprise and sovereign customer segments and key strategic differentiators, such as direct liquid cooling, we believe that there is a potential for continued growth over time. 
 Interim Goodwill Impairment Reviews 
 In September 2024, HPE sold 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C to UNIS. The equity investment in H3C primarily benefits the Compute and Hybrid Cloud reporting units. Subsequent to the sale, on September 30, 2024, we performed an interim goodwill impairment analysis for Compute and Hybrid Cloud reporting units. The excess of fair value over carrying amount for these reporting units was 6 for Compute and 5 for Hybrid Cloud. We also applied a hypothetical 10 decrease to the fair value of Compute and Hybrid Cloud, noting that neither had an excess of fair value over carrying amount. 
 The Compute reporting unit has goodwill of 8.2 billion as of October 31, 2024, and excess of fair value over carrying value of 6 as of the September 30, 2024 interim test date. The Compute business is cyclical in nature. Over the last several years, digital transformation drove increased investment to modernize infrastructure. However, in the current macroeconomic and inflationary environment, customers have invested selectively resulting in moderate unit growth and competitive pricing. The Compute business continues to focus on capturing market share while maintaining operating margin, leveraging its strong portfolio of ProLiant Gen11 products. 
 The Hybrid Cloud reporting unit has goodwill of 4.8 billion as of October 31, 2024, and excess of fair value over carrying value of 5 as of the September 30, 2024 interim test date. Although the Hybrid Cloud business is on a positive trajectory, we are managing both a sales model transition and product transition within this business. Our product model transition is to a more cloud-native, software-defined platform with HPE Alletra. Translating this growth to revenue and operating income will take time because a greater mix of high margin business such as ratable software and services, is deferred and recognized in future periods. 
 Our interim 2024 goodwill impairment test performed as of November 1, 2023 based on organizational changes impacting the composition of reporting units as of that date did not result in any impairment charges. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Revenue from our international operations has historically represented, and we expect will continue to represent, a majority of our overall net revenue. As a result, our revenue growth has been impacted, and we expect will continue to be impacted, by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In order to provide a framework for assessing performance excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we present the year-over-year percentage change in revenue on a constant currency basis, which assumes no change in foreign currency exchange rates from the prior-year period and does not adjust for any repricing or demand impacts from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This change in revenue on a constant currency basis is calculated as the quotient of (a) current year revenue converted to U.S. dollars using the prior-year period's foreign currency exchange rates divided by (b) the prior-year period revenue. This information is provided so that revenue can be viewed without the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which is consistent with how management evaluates our revenue results and trends. This constant currency disclosure is provided in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the year-over-year percentage change in revenue on a GAAP basis. Other companies may calculate and define similarly labeled items differently, which may limit the usefulness of this measure for comparative purposes. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Results of operations in dollars and as a percentage of net revenue were as follows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 Dollars of Revenue Dollars of Revenue Dollars of Revenue Dollars in millions Net revenue 30,127 100.0 29,135 100.0 28,496 100.0 Cost of sales (exclusive of amortization shown separately below) 20,249 67.2 18,896 64.9 18,990 66.6 Gross profit 9,878 32.8 10,239 35.1 9,506 33.4 Research and development 2,246 7.5 2,349 8.1 2,045 7.2 Selling, general and administrative 4,871 16.2 5,160 17.7 4,941 17.3 Amortization of intangible assets 267 0.9 288 1.0 293 1.0 Impairment of goodwill 905 3.2 Transformation costs 93 0.3 283 1.0 473 1.7 Disaster charges 7 1 48 0.2 Acquisition, disposition and other related charges 204 0.6 69 0.1 19 0.1 Earnings from operations 2,190 7.3 2,089 7.2 782 2.7 Interest and other, net (117) (0.4) (104) (0.3) (121) (0.4) Gain on sale of equity interest 733 2.4 0.1 Earnings from equity interests 147 0.5 245 0.8 215 0.8 Earnings before provision for taxes 2,953 9.8 2,230 7.8 876 3.1 Provision for taxes (374) (1.2) (205) (0.7) (8) (0.1) Net earnings attributable to HPE 2,579 8.6 2,025 7.0 868 3.0 Preferred stock dividends (25) (0.1) Net earnings attributable to common stockholders 2,554 8.5 2,025 7.0 868 3.0 
 Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 
 Net revenue 
 In fiscal 2024, total net revenue of 30.1 billion represented an increase of 992 million, or 3.4 (increased 3.3 on a constant currency basis). U.S. net revenue increased by 521 million, or 5.0 to 10.9 billion, and net revenue from outside of the U.S. increased by 471 million, or 2.5 , to 19.2 billion. 
 The components of the weighted net revenue change by segment were as follows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Percentage Points Server 6.4 (3.9) Hybrid Cloud (0.4) 0.9 Intelligent Edge (2.9) 5.3 Financial Services 0.1 0.5 Corporate Investments and Other 0.1 (0.1) Total segment 3.3 2.7 Elimination of intersegment net revenue and other 0.1 (0.5) Total HPE 3.4 2.2 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 
 From a segment perspective, the primary factors contributing to the change in total net revenue are summarized as follows: 
 Server net revenue increased 1,844 million, or 12.8 , primarily due to higher AUPs 
 Hybrid Cloud net revenue decreased 107 million, or 1.9 , primarily due to lower AUPs 
 Intelligent Edge net revenue decreased 847 million, or 15.7 , primarily due to lower volume and product mix effect 
 Financial Services net revenue increased 32 million, or 0.9 , primarily due to higher finance income 
 Corporate Investments and Other net revenue increased 29 million, or 2.9 , primarily due to revenue growth from Advisory and Professional Services A PS 
 Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 
 From a segment perspective, the primary factors contributing to the change in total net revenue are summarized as follows: 
 Server net revenue decreased 1,111 million, or 7.2 , primarily due to lower server unit volume and unfavorable currency fluctuations 
 Hybrid Cloud net revenue increased 260 million, or 5.0 , primarily due to higher unit volume 
 Intelligent Edge net revenue increased 1,522 million, or 39.5 , primarily due to increased AUPs and volume and product mix effect 
 Financial Services net revenue increased 141 million, or 4.2 , primarily due to higher rental revenue from higher average operating leases and higher finance income on finance leases due to an increasing interest rate environment 
 Corporate Investments and Other net revenue decreased 27 million, or 2.7 , primarily due to unfavorable currency fluctuations 
 Gross Profit 
 Fiscal 2024 total gross profit margin of 32.8 represents a decrease of 2.3 percentage points as compared to the respective prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to decline in revenue in the Intelligent Edge segment and higher mix of lower margin products in the Server segment. 
 Operating expenses 
 Research and development R D 
 R D expense decreased by 103 million, or 4.4 , primarily due to capitalization of software costs, which contributed 4.2 percentage points to the change. 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A 
 SG A expense decreased by 289 million, or 5.6 , primarily due to lower employee costs, which contributed 3.3 percentage points, lower travel and marketing expenses and lower consulting costs, both of which contributed 1.4 percentage points to the change. 
 Transformation programs and costs 
 Our transformation programs consist of the Cost Optimization and Prioritization Plan (launched in 2020) and the HPE Next Plan (launched in 2017). 
 Transformation costs decreased by 190 million, or 67.1 , due to lower charges incurred in the current period as the primary elements of these plans have been substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2023. Refer to Note 3, Transformation Programs to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II for further discussion. 
 Acquisition, disposition and other related charges 
 Acquisition, disposition and other related charges increased by 135 million or 195.7 , primarily due to costs incurred in connection with the pending acquisition of Juniper Networks. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Interest and other, net 
 Interest and other, net expense increased by 13 million or 12.5 , primarily due to lower gain from sale of certain investments and unfavorable currency fluctuations in the current year and the previous year containing tax indemnification income due to an audit settlement. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in net interest expense and lower loss on equity investments in the current year. 
 Gain on sale of equity interest 
 On September 4, 2024, the Company divested 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C to UNIS. We continue to possess the option to sell the remaining 19 of the total issued share capital of H3C at a later date. In connection with this sale, we recorded a gain on sale of equity interest of 733 million. 
 Earnings from equity interests 
 In fiscal 2024, Earnings from equity interests decreased by 98 million or 40 , primarily due to lower net income earned by H3C and the disposition of 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C, partially offset by lower amortization expense from basis difference in the current period. 
 Provision for taxes 
 For fiscal 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax expense of 374 million and 205 million, respectively, which reflect effective tax rates of 12.7 and 9.2 , respectively. Our effective tax rate generally differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to favorable tax rates associated with certain earnings from our operations in lower tax jurisdictions throughout the world but may also be materially impacted by discrete tax adjustments during the fiscal year. The jurisdictions with favorable tax rates that had the most significant impact on our effective tax rate in the periods presented include Puerto Rico and Singapore. 
 In fiscal 2024, we recorded 43 million of net income tax charges related to items discrete to the year. These amounts primarily included: 
 104 million of net income tax charges resulting from the gain on the H3C divestiture, which includes 215 million of U.S. and foreign income tax charges offset by 111 million of income tax benefit for the release of an uncertain tax benefit related to the prior divestiture, partially offset by 
 54 million of income tax benefits related to transformation costs, and acquisition, disposition and other related charges and 
 11 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. 
 In fiscal 2023, we recorded 131 million of net income tax benefits related to items discrete to the year. These amounts primarily included: 
 104 million of income tax benefits related to transformation costs and acquisition, disposition and other related charges and 
 19 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. 
 
 Segment Information 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise's organizational structure is based on a number of factors that the Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is the CEO, uses to evaluate, view, and run our business operations, which include, but are not limited to, customer base and homogeneity of products and technology. The segments are based on this organizational structure and information reviewed by Hewlett Packard Enterprise's management to evaluate segment results. 
 A description of the products and services for each segment, along with other pertinent information related to Segments can be found in Note 2, Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Segment Results 
 The following provides an overview of our key financial metrics by segment for fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023: 
 HPE Consolidated Server Hybrid Cloud Intelligent Edge Financial Services Corporate 
 Investments and Other 
 Dollars in millions, except for per share amounts Net revenue (1) 
 30,127 16,205 5,386 4,532 3,512 1,014 Year-over-year change 3.4 12.8 (1.9) (15.7) 0.9 2.9 Earnings (loss) from operations (2) 
 2,190 1,818 245 1,115 316 (25) Earnings (loss) from operations as a of net revenue 7.3 11.2 4.5 24.6 9.0 (2.5) Year-over-year change percentage points 0.1 pts (1.5) pts 0.3 pts (0.4) pts 0.9 pts 5.3 pts 
 
 (1) HPE consolidated net revenue excludes inter-segment net revenue. 
 (2) Segment earnings from operations exclude certain unallocated corporate costs and eliminations, stock-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, impairment of goodwill, transformation costs, disaster charges, divestiture related exit costs, and acquisition, disposition and other related charges. 
 
 Server 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs 2023 
 Change 
 2023 vs 2022 Change 
 Dollars in millions Net revenue 16,205 14,361 15,472 12.8 (7.2) Earnings from operations 1,818 1,830 1,958 (0.7) (6.5) Earnings from operations as a of net revenue 11.2 12.7 12.7 
 Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 
 Server net revenue increased by 1,844 million, or 12.8 in actual dollars and constant currency, primarily due to a 1,812 million, or 16.7 , increase in product revenue. The increase in product revenue was primarily due to higher AUPs of 1,769 million, or 16.3 . 
 Server earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased 1.5 percentage points primarily due to an increase in costs of products as a percentage of net revenue, moderated by a decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. The increase in costs of products as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to higher mix of lower margin products and competitive pricing pressure. The decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to lower total operating expenses as a result of cost containment measures. 
 Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 
 Server net revenue decreased by 1,111 million, or 7.2 (decreased 3.5 on a constant currency basis), primarily due to a 1,061 million, or 8.9 , decrease in product revenue. The decline in product revenue was primarily due to lower server unit volume of 1,281 million, or 10.7 , and unfavorable currency fluctuations of 458 million, or 3.8 . The product revenue decline was moderated by an increase in AUPs of 683 million, or 5.7 , led by higher sales of server configurations with more complex component architectures in our next generation products. 
 Server earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue remained relatively flat. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Hybrid Cloud 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs 2023 
 Change 
 2023 vs 2022 
 Change 
 Dollars in millions Net revenue 5,386 5,493 5,233 (1.9) 5.0 Earnings from operations 245 232 468 5.6 (50.4) Earnings from operations as a of net revenue 4.5 4.2 8.9 
 Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 
 Hybrid Cloud net revenue decreased by 107 million, or 1.9 (decreased 2.0 on a constant currency basis) primarily due to a decrease in AUPs, partially offset by an increase in unit volume. Hybrid Cloud product revenue decreased 267 million, or 8.1 , primarily due to a decrease in AUPs of 831 million, or 25.2 , led by private cloud and storage products, partially offset by a unit volume increase of 543 million or 16.5 , led by private cloud and storage products. Hybrid Cloud services revenue increased by 160 million, or 7.3 , primarily due to a unit volume increase of 275 million, or 12.5 , led by private cloud and infrastructure SaaS. This increase was partially offset by lower AUPs of 107 million, or 4.9 . 
 Hybrid Cloud earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue remained relatively flat as compared to the prior-year period. 
 Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 
 Hybrid Cloud net revenue increased by 260 million, or 5.0 (increased 8.2 on a constant currency basis) primarily due to an increase in unit volume, partially offset by unfavorable currency fluctuations and decrease in AUPs. Hybrid Cloud product revenue increased by 180 million, or 5.8 , primarily due to an increase in unit volume of 371 million or 11.9 , led by private cloud and infrastructure SaaS. The increase in product revenue was moderated by unfavorable currency fluctuations of 130 million or 4.2 , and a decrease in AUPs of 39 million or 1.3 . Hybrid Cloud services revenue increased by 80 million, or 3.8 , primarily due to a unit volume increase of 178 million, or 8.4 , led by private cloud and infrastructure SaaS. The increase in service revenue was partially offset by decrease in AUPs of 43 million or 2.0 and unfavorable currency fluctuations of 40 million or 1.9 . 
 Hybrid Cloud earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased 4.7 percentage points due to an increase in cost of products sold as a percentage of net revenue and an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. The increase in cost of products and services as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to lower margin GreenLake Flex Solutions deals and decrease in storage subscription revenue. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to the unfavorable currency fluctuations. 
 
 Intelligent Edge 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs 2023 
 Change 
 2023 vs 2022 
 Change 
 Dollars in millions Net revenue 4,532 5,379 3,857 (15.7) 39.5 Earnings from operations 1,115 1,343 542 (17.0) 147.8 Earnings from operations as a of net revenue 24.6 25.0 14.1 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 
 Intelligent Edge net revenue decreased by 847 million, or 15.7 (decreased 15.9 on a constant currency basis). Product revenue decreased by 1,050 million, or 23.9 , led by lower volume and product mix effect of 876 million, or 19.9 , and lower AUPs of 183 million, or 4.2 . The product revenue decrease was led by switching products and wireless local area network products due to softened demand. Services net revenue increased 203 million, or 20.6 , primarily led by our aaS and attached support service offerings. 
 Intelligent Edge earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased 0.4 percentage points primarily due to increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue, partially offset by a decrease in cost of products and services as a percentage of net revenue. Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased primarily due to scale of net revenue decline, higher employee costs related to acquisitions and investments to enhance Aruba offerings in GreenLake. The decrease in cost of product and services as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to favorable revenue mix and cost containment measures. 
 Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 
 Intelligent Edge net revenue increased by 1,522 million, or 39.5 (increased 42.5 on a constant currency basis). Product revenue increased by 1,396 million, or 46.5 , led by higher AUPs of 1,284 million, or 42.8 , and a volume and product mix effect of 217 million, or 7.2 , moderated by unfavorable currency fluctuations of 106 million, or 3.5 . The product revenue increase was led by switching and wireless local area network products, which benefited from improvements in the supply availability, and elevated order book levels at the beginning of the period. Services net revenue increased 127 million, or 14.8 , primarily led by our aaS and attached support service offerings. 
 Intelligent Edge earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased 10.9 percentage points primarily due to decreases in cost of products and services as a percentage of net revenue and operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. The decrease in cost of product and services as a percentage of net revenue was primarily due to lower supply chain costs, moderating the decrease was a lower mix of higher-margin support services revenue. Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue decreased primarily due to our cost containment measures. 
 
 Financial Services 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs 2023 
 Change 
 2023 vs 2022 
 Change 
 Dollars in millions Net revenue 3,512 3,480 3,339 0.9 4.2 Earnings from operations 316 281 387 12.5 (27.4) Earnings from operations as a of net revenue 9.0 8.1 11.6 
 Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 
 FS net revenue increased by 32 million, or 0.9 (increased 0.6 on a constant currency basis) primarily due to higher finance income from higher average finance leases in a higher interest rate environment, along with favorable currency fluctuations, partially offset by lower rental revenue on lower average operating leases and lower asset management lease buyout revenue. 
 FS earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased 0.9 percentage points, although the cost of services as a percentage of net revenue and operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue were relatively flat. 
 Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 
 FS net revenue increased by 141 million, or 4.2 (increased 5.4 on a constant currency basis) due primarily to higher rental revenue from higher average operating leases and higher finance income on finance leases due to an increasing interest rate environment, partially offset by lower asset management revenue primarily from lower pre-owned asset sales and unfavorable currency fluctuations. 
 FS earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased 3.5 percentage points due primarily to an increase in cost of services as a percentage of net revenue, while operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue were 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

relatively flat. The increase to cost of services as a percentage of net revenue resulted primarily from a combination of higher borrowing costs and higher depreciation expense, partially offset by lower bad debt expense. 
 Financing Volume 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Financing volume 6,616 6,412 6,252 
 Financing volume, which represents the amount of financing provided to customers for equipment and related software and services, including intercompany activity, increased by 3.2 in fiscal 2024 as compared to the prior-year period. The increase was primarily driven by higher financing of HPE product sales and services, partially offset by lower financing of third-party product sales and services. 
 Portfolio Assets and Ratios 
 The FS business model is asset intensive and uses certain internal metrics to measure its performance against other financial services companies, including a segment balance sheet that is derived from our internal management reporting system. The accounting policies used to derive FS amounts are substantially the same as those used by the Company. However, intercompany loans and certain accounts that are reflected in the segment balances are eliminated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The portfolio assets and ratios derived from the segment balance sheets for FS were as follows: 
 As of October 31 2024 2023 Dollars in millions Financing receivables, gross 9,647 8,814 Net equipment under operating leases 3,632 4,100 Capitalized profit on intercompany equipment transactions (1) 
 396 263 Intercompany leases (1) 
 119 109 Gross portfolio assets 13,794 13,286 Allowance for doubtful accounts (2) 
 177 178 Operating lease equipment reserve 30 36 Total reserves 207 214 Net portfolio assets 13,587 13,072 Reserve coverage 1.5 1.6 Debt-to-equity ratio (3) 
 7.0x 7.0x 
 
 (1) Intercompany activity is eliminated in consolidation. 
 (2) Allowance for credit losses for financing receivables includes both the short- and long-term portions. 
 (3) Debt benefiting FS consists of intercompany equity that is treated as debt for segment reporting purposes, intercompany debt, and borrowing- and funding-related activity associated with FS and its subsidiaries. Debt benefiting FS totaled 11.8 billion and 11.6 billion at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was determined by applying an assumed debt-to-equity ratio, which management believes to be comparable to that of other similar financing companies. FS equity at October 31, 2024 and 2023, was 1.7 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively. 
 As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, FS net cash and cash equivalents balances were 533 million and 700 million, respectively. 
 Net portfolio assets as of October 31, 2024 increased 3.9 from October 31, 2023. The increase generally resulted from new financing volume exceeding portfolio runoff during the period, along with favorable currency fluctuations. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

FS bad debt expense includes charges to general reserves, specific reserves and write-offs for sales-type, direct-financing and operating leases. FS recorded net bad debt expense of 57 million, 59 million and 82 million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Corporate Investments and Other 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs 2023 Change 2023 vs 2022 Change Dollars in millions Net revenue 1,014 985 1,012 2.9 (2.7) Loss from operations (25) (77) (26) 67.5 (196.2) Loss from operations as a of net revenue (2.5) (7.8) (2.6) 
 Fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 
 Corporate Investments and Other net revenue increased by 29 million, or 2.9 (increased 4.3 on a constant currency basis) primarily due to revenue growth from A PS, partially offset by unfavorable currency fluctuations. 
 Corporate Investments and Other loss from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased 5.3 percenta ge points primarily due to decreases in cost of services as a percentage of net revenue resulting from our cost containment measures, and decreases in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue due to the scale of net revenue growth and lower total operating expenses. 
 Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 
 Corporate Investments and Other net revenue decreased by 27 million, or 2.7 (increased 2.1 on a constant currency basis) primarily due to unfavorable currency fluctuations. 
 Corporate Investments and Other loss from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased 5.2 percentage points primarily due to increases in cost of services as a percentage of net revenue while operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue remained relatively flat. Cost of services as a percentage of net revenue increased primarily due to the scale of net revenue decline and increases in cost of services due to unfavorable currency fluctuations and higher expenses. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Current Overview 
 We use cash generated by operations as our primary source of liquidity. We believe that internally generated cash flows will be generally sufficient to support our operating businesses, capital expenditures, product development initiatives, acquisitions and disposal activities including legal settlements, restructuring activities, transformation costs, indemnifications, maturing debt, interest payments, and income tax payments, in addition to any future investments, share repurchases, and shareholder dividend payments. We expect to supplement this short-term liquidity, if necessary, by accessing the capital markets, issuing commercial paper, and borrowing under credit facilities made available by various domestic and foreign financial institutions. However, our access to capital markets may be constrained and our cost of borrowing may increase under certain business, market and economic conditions. We anticipate that the funds made available, including the debt funding related to the pending merger with Juniper Networks, proceeds from issuance of the Preferred Stock and proceeds from the sale of 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C, and cash generated from our operations, along with our access to capital markets, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months (including for the payment of consideration to consummate the Juniper Networks transaction) and for the foreseeable future thereafter. Our liquidity is subject to various risks including the risks identified in the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A and market risks identified in the section entitled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in Item 7A. 
 Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world, with a substantial amount held in the U.S. as of October 31, 2024. We utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available when and where it is needed. 
 Amounts held outside of the U.S. are generally utilized to support our non-U.S. liquidity needs. Repatriations of amounts held outside the U.S. generally will not be taxable from a U.S. federal tax perspective, but may be subject to state income or 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

foreign withholding tax. Where local restrictions prevent an efficient intercompany transfer of funds, our intent is to keep cash balances outside of the U.S. and to meet liquidity needs through ongoing cash flows, external borrowings, or both. We do not expect restrictions or potential taxes incurred on repatriation of amounts held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 In connection with the share repurchase program previously authorized by our Board of Directors, during fiscal 2024, we repurchased and settled an aggregate amount of 150 million. As of October 31, 2024, we had a remaining authorization of approximately 0.8 billion for future share repurchases. For more information on our share repurchase program, refer to Note 15, Stockholders' Equity, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 On May 23, 2024, we announced plans to divest our Communications Technology Group CTG business to HCLTech. CTG is included in our Communications and Media Solutions business, which is reported in the Corporate Investments and Other segment. This divestiture includes the platform-based software solutions portions of the CTG portfolio, including systems integration, network applications, data intelligence, and the business support systems groups. As of October 31, 2024, assets and liabilities to be sold have been presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets and liabilities held for sale. On December 1, 2024, we completed the disposition of CTG. We received net proceeds of 210 million and expect to recognize a gain of approximately 230 million. 
 On January 9, 2024, we entered into the Merger Agreement, under which HPE will acquire Juniper Networks in an all-cash transaction for 40.00 per share, representing an equity value of approximately 14 billion. The transaction was unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies. On April 2, 2024, Juniper Networks shareholders approved the transaction. The closing of the transaction remains subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. In connection with the merger, we entered into a commitment letter whereby we obtained a commitment from Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd. for a 14.0 billion senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility, comprised of an 11.0 billion 364-day tranche and a 3.0 billion three-year tranche, subject to customary conditions (the Term Loan Commitment Letter ). In September 2024, we issued 9.0 billion of senior unsecured notes and 1.5 billion of Preferred Stock, the net proceeds of which we intend to use to fund a portion of the consideration for the acquisition of Juniper Networks and for other general corporate purposes, which may include, among other uses, repaying certain indebtedness of HPE, Juniper Networks and our and its respective subsidiaries. In addition, in furtherance of the Term Loan Commitment Letter, we entered into term loan agreements with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, Citibank, N.A., and Mizuho Bank, Ltd. for approximately 12.0 billion of senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facilities, comprised of an approximately 9.0 billion 364-day tranche (which was reduced from the original commitment of 11.0 billion, upon receipt and application of approximately 2.0 billion in post-tax proceeds from our sale to UNIS of 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C, as further described below) and a 3.0 billion three-year tranche, subject to customary conditions. We have since further reduced the commitments under the 364-day term loan to 1.0 billion upon receipt and application of certain proceeds from the aforementioned issuance of senior unsecured notes and the Preferred Stock. Unless previously terminated, commitments under both the 364-day term loan and the three-year term loan will terminate upon the earliest of (i) five business days after the Juniper Outside Date (as defined in such term loan agreements), (ii) the occurrence of the closing of the acquisition of Juniper Networks without the funding of any borrowings under either of the term loan agreements, and (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement by HPE in writing in accordance with its terms. In connection with the entry into the aforementioned 364-day term loan and the three-year term loan, on September 12, 2024, we terminated the Term Loan Commitment Letter. 
 In September 2024, we issued 30 million shares of the Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.5 billion, less issuance costs of 38 million. As of October 31, 2024, 30 million shares of the Preferred Stock was outstanding. We intend to use these net proceeds as indicated above. For more information on our Preferred Stock, refer to Note 15, Stockholders' Equity, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 Pursuant to the Shareholders' Agreement among our relevant subsidiaries, UNIS, and H3C dated as of May 1, 2016, as amended from time to time, and most recently on October 28, 2022, we delivered a notice to UNIS on December 30, 2022, to exercise our right to put to UNIS, for cash consideration, all of the H3C shares held by us, which represent 49 of the total issued share capital of H3C. On May 26, 2023, our relevant subsidiaries entered into a Put Share Purchase Agreement with UNIS, whereby UNIS has agreed to purchase all of the H3C shares held by us, through our subsidiaries. On May 24, 2024, our relevant subsidiaries entered into (i) an Amended and Restated Put Share Purchase Agreement with UNIS, whereby our relevant subsidiaries shall sell to UNIS 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C for pre-tax cash consideration of approximately 2.1 billion by August 31, 2024 (the Sale Transaction ), and (ii) an Agreement on Subsequent Arrangements with UNIS, whereby upon closing of the Sale Transaction, our relevant subsidiary shall have a put option to sell to UNIS and 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

UNIS shall have a call option to purchase from our relevant subsidiary 19 of the total issued share capital of H3C for pre-tax cash consideration of approximately 1.4 billion between the 16 th month and until the 36 th month after the Sale Transaction. The transactions referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above, taken together, revise the arrangements governing the aforementioned sale of all of the H3C shares held by us, through our subsidiaries and are subject to certain grace periods and regulatory approvals. On September 4, 2024, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Put Share Purchase Agreement with UNIS, we received 2.1 billion of pre-tax consideration 2.0 billion post-tax), in connection with the sale to UNIS of 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C. 
 Liquidity 
 Our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, total debt and available borrowing resources were as follows: 
 As of October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 15,105 4,581 4,763 Total debt 18,246 12,355 12,465 Available borrowing resources (1) 
 6,009 6,588 6,161 Commercial paper programs (2) 
 5,101 5,071 5,208 Uncommitted lines of credit (3) 
 908 1,517 953 
 (1) Excludes the financing commitment for the Juniper Networks acquisition. The maximum aggregate commitment under this facility is 4.0 billion, however, no balances were outstanding under this facility as of October 31, 2024. 
 (2) The maximum aggregate borrowing amount of the commercial paper programs and revolving credit facility is 5.75 billion. 
 (3) The maximum aggregate capacity under the uncommitted lines of credit is 1.5 billion of which 0.6 billion was primarily utilized towards issuances of bank guarantees. 
 The following tables represent the way in which management reviews cash flows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Net cash provided by operating activities 4,341 4,428 4,593 Net cash used in investing activities (53) (3,284) (2,087) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 6,283 (1,362) (1,796) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (47) 36 (279) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 10,524 (182) 431 Free cash flow 2,297 2,238 1,794 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 87 million for fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023. The decrease was primarily due to higher cash payouts for variable compensation, unfavorable impacts from financing receivables, and lower cash generated from operations. The decrease was moderated by favorable working capital, as compared to the prior-year period. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Our working capital metrics and cash conversion impacts were as follows: 
 As of October 31, 2024 2023 2022 Days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable DSO 38 43 47 Days of supply in inventory DOS 120 87 88 Days of purchases outstanding in accounts payable DPO (170) (134) (149) Cash conversion cycle (12) (4) (14) 
 The cash conversion cycle is the sum of DSO and DOS less DPO. Items which may cause the cash conversion cycle in a particular period to differ include, but are not limited to, changes in business mix, changes in payment terms (including extended payment terms to customers or from suppliers), early or late invoice payments from customers or to suppliers, the extent of receivables factoring, seasonal trends, the timing of the revenue recognition and inventory purchases within the period, the impact of commodity costs and acquisition activity. 
 DSO measures the average number of days our receivables are outstanding. DSO is calculated by dividing ending accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, by a 90-day average of net revenue. Compared to the corresponding three-month period in fiscal 2023, the decrease in DSO by 5 days in the current period was primarily due to higher early collections. 
 DOS measures the average number of days from procurement to sale of our products. DOS is calculated by dividing ending inventory by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. Compared to the corresponding three-month period in fiscal 2023, the increase in DOS by 33 days in the current period was primarily due to higher inventory levels caused by strategic purchases of key components to support growth in AI systems. 
 DPO measures the average number of days our accounts payable balances are outstanding. DPO is calculated by dividing ending accounts payable by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. Compared to the corresponding three-month period in fiscal 2023, the increase in DPO by 36 days in the current period was primarily due to higher inventory purchases. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 3.2 billion in fiscal 2024, as compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2023. The decrease was primarily due to proceeds from UNIS in connection with the sale of 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C of 2.1 billion, lower net payments made in connection with business acquisitions of 0.6 billion, lower cash utilized in net financial collateral activities of 0.2 billion, and lower investments in property, plant and equipment and software assets, net of sales proceeds of 0.2 billion, as compared to the prior-year period. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 7.6 billion in fiscal 2024, as compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2023. This was primarily due to higher proceeds from debt issuance (net of issuance costs) of 6.5 billion, proceeds from the issuance of the Preferred Stock (net of issuance costs) of 1.5 billion, and lower share repurchases of 0.3 billion, partially offset by higher repayments of debt of 0.6 billion, as compared to the prior-year period. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Free Cash Flow 
 Free cash flow FCF represents cash flow from operations less net capital expenditures (investments in property, plant and equipment PP E and software assets less proceeds from the sale of PP E), and adjusted for the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. FCF increased by 0.1 billion, as compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2023. This was primarily due to lower net capital expenditures, as compared to the prior-year period. For more information on our FCF, refer to the section entitled GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliations included in this MD A. 
 For more information on the impact of operating assets and liabilities to our cash flows, see Note 7, Balance Sheet Details, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 Capital Resources 
 Debt Levels 
 As of October 31, 2024 2023 2022 Dollars in millions Short-term debt 4,742 4,868 4,612 Long-term debt 13,504 7,487 7,853 Weighted-average interest rate 5.4 5.4 4.0 
 We maintain debt levels that we establish through consideration of several factors, including cash flow expectations, cash requirements for operations, investment plans (including acquisitions), share repurchase activities, our cost of capital, and targeted capital structure. We maintain a revolving credit facility and two commercial paper programs, the Parent Programs , and a wholly-owned subsidiary maintains a third program. In September 2024, we terminated the prior senior unsecured revolving credit facility that was entered into in December 2021, and entered into a new senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an aggregate lending commitment of 5.25 billion for a period of five years. The commitment is comprised of (i) 4.75 billion of commitments available immediately and (ii) 500 million of commitments available from and subject to the closing of the Juniper Networks acquisition and refinancing of Juniper Networks credit agreement in connection with the closing of the Juniper Networks acquisition. There have been no changes to our commercial paper programs since October 31, 2023. 
 As noted above, we are also party to two senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facilities, comprised of a 1.0 billion 364-day tranche and a 3.0 billion three-year tranche, subject to customary conditions. Unless previously terminated, commitments under both the 364-day term loan and the three-year term loan will terminate upon the earliest of (i) five business days after the Juniper Outside Date (as defined in such term loan agreements), (ii) the occurrence of the closing of the acquisition of Juniper Networks without the funding of any borrowings under either of the term loan agreements, and (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement by HPE in writing in accordance with its terms. 
 In December 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows us to sell, at any time and from time to time, in one or more offerings, debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, depository shares, purchase contracts, guarantees or units consisting of any of these securities. 
 Significant funding and liquidity activities for fiscal 2024 were as follows: 
 Debt Issuances: 
 In September 2024, we issued (i) 1.25 billion of 4.45 Senior Notes due September 25, 2026, (ii) 1.25 billion of 4.40 Senior Notes due September 25, 2027, (iii) 1.75 billion of 4.55 Senior Notes due October 15, 2029, (iv) 1.25 billion of 4.85 Senior Notes due October 15, 2031, (v) 2.0 billion of 5.00 Senior Notes due October 15, 2034, and (vi) 1.5 billion of 5.60 Senior Notes due October 15, 2054. 
 In June 2024, we issued 818 million of asset-backed debt securities in six tranches with a weighted average interest rate of 5.593 and final maturity date of April 2032. 
 In January 2024, we issued 796 million of asset-backed debt securities in six tranches with a weighted average interest rate of 5.476 and final maturity date of November 2031. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Debt Repayments: 
 In October 2024, we redeemed 400 million of 6.102 Senior Notes with an original maturity date of April 1, 2026, utilizing the par call option on the debt, with no redemption penalties. 
 In October 2024, we repaid 1.6 billion of 5.90 Senior Notes on their original maturity date. 
 In April 2024, we repaid 1.0 billion of 1.45 Senior Notes on their original maturity date. 
 During fiscal 2024, we repaid 1,691 million of the outstanding asset-backed debt securities. 
 Our weighted-average interest rate reflects the average effective rate on our borrowings prevailing during the period and reflects the impact of interest rate swaps. For more information on our interest rate swaps, see Note 13, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 For more information on our available borrowing resources and the impact of operating assets and liabilities to cash flows, see Note 14, Borrowings, and Note 7, Balance Sheet Details, respectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 
 Cash Requirements and Commitments 
 Long-term debt and interest payments on debt 
 As of October 31, 2024, future principal payment obligations on our long-term debt including asset-backed debt securities totaled 17.6 billion of which 4.0 billion is due within one year. As of October 31, 2024, our finance lease obligations, including interest, was 42 million, of which 7 million is to be due within one year. For more information on our debt, see Note 14, Borrowings, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 As of October 31, 2024, future interest payments relating to our long-term debt is estimated to be approximately 7.6 billion, of which 0.9 billion is expected to be due within one year. We use interest rate swaps to mitigate the exposure of our fixed rate debt to changes in fair value resulting from changes in interest rates, or hedge the variability of cash flows in the interest payments associated with our variable-rate debt. The impact of our outstanding interest rate swaps as of October 31, 2024 was factored into the calculation of the future interest payments on long-term debt. 
 Operating lease obligations 
 We enter into various leases as a lessee for assets including office buildings, data centers, vehicles, and aviation. As of October 31, 2024, operating lease obligations, net of sublease rental income totaled 1.7 billion, of which 286 million is due within one year. For more information on our leases, see Note 8, Accounting for Leases as a Lessee, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 Unconditional purchase obligations 
 Our unconditional purchase obligations are related principally to inventory purchases, software maintenance and support services and other items. Unconditional purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable without penalty. As of October 31, 2024, unconditional purchase obligations totaled 1.3 billion, of which 556 million is due within one year. For more information on our unconditional purchase obligations, see Note 17, Litigation, Contingencies, and Commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 Retirement Benefit Plan Funding 
 In fiscal 2024, we anticipate making contributions of 189 million to our non-U.S. pension plans. Our policy is to fund pension plans to meet at least the minimum contribution requirements, as established by various authorities including local government and taxing authorities. Expected contributions and payments to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans are not considered as contractual obligations because they do not represent contractual cash outflows, as they are dependent on numerous factors which may result in a wide range of outcomes. For more information on our retirement and post-retirement benefit plans, see Note 4, Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Restructuring Plans 
 As of October 31, 2024, we expect future cash payments of approximately 185 million in connection with our approved restructuring plans, which includes 80 million expected to be paid in fiscal 2025 and 105 million expected to be paid thereafter. Payments for restructuring activities are not considered as contractual obligations, because they do not represent contractual cash outflows and there is uncertainty as to the timing of these payments. For more information on our restructuring activities, see Note 3, Transformation Programs, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 As of October 31, 2024, we had approximately 186 million of recorded liabilities and related interest and penalties pertaining to uncertain tax positions that could result in a cash payment. These liabilities and related interest and penalties include 2 million expected to be paid within one year. For the remaining amount, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate as to when cash settlement with the tax authorities might occur due to the uncertainties related to these tax matters. Payments of these obligations would result from settlements with taxing authorities. For more information on our uncertain tax positions, see Note 6, Taxes on Earnings, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As part of our ongoing business, we have not participated in transactions that generate material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 We have third-party revolving short-term financing arrangements intended to facilitate the working capital requirements of certain customers. For more information on our third-party revolving short-term financing arrangements, see Note 7, Balance Sheet Details, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 
 GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS 
 The following tables provide a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for the periods presented: 
 Reconciliation of GAAP gross profit and gross profit margin to non-GAAP gross profit and gross profit margin. 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Dollars of Revenue Dollars of Revenue In millions GAAP net revenue 30,127 100.0 29,135 100.0 GAAP cost of sales 20,249 67.2 18,896 64.9 GAAP gross profit 9,878 32.8 10,239 35.1 Non-GAAP adjustments Stock-based compensation expense 49 0.1 47 0.2 Disaster recovery (43) (0.1) (13) Divestiture related exit costs 9 Non-GAAP gross profit 9,893 32.8 10,273 35.3 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Reconciliation of GAAP earnings from operations and operating profit margin to non-GAAP earnings from operations and operating profit margin. 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Dollars of Revenue Dollars of Revenue In millions GAAP earnings from operations 2,190 7.3 2,089 7.2 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 267 0.9 288 1.0 Transformation costs 93 0.3 283 1.0 Disaster recovery (51) (0.2) (12) Stock-based compensation expense 430 1.4 428 1.5 Divestiture related exit costs 35 0.1 Acquisition, disposition and other related charges 204 0.7 69 0.2 Non-GAAP earnings from operations 3,168 10.5 3,145 10.8 
 Reconciliation of GAAP net earnings and diluted net earnings per share to non-GAAP net earnings and diluted net earnings per share. 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Dollars Diluted net earnings per share Dollars Diluted net earnings per share Dollars in millions GAAP net earnings attributable to HPE 2,579 1.93 2,025 1.54 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 267 0.20 288 0.22 Transformation costs 93 0.07 283 0.22 Disaster recovery (51) (0.04) (12) (0.01) Stock-based compensation expense 430 0.32 428 0.33 Divestiture related exit costs 35 0.03 Acquisition, disposition and other related charges 204 0.16 69 0.05 Gain on sale of equity interest (733) (0.55) Adjustments for equity interests (107) (0.08) 18 0.01 Loss on equity investments, net 13 0.01 40 0.03 Adjustments for taxes (95) (0.07) (255) (0.20) Other adjustments (1) 
 20 0.01 (52) (0.04) Non-GAAP net earnings attributable to HPE (2) 
 2,655 1.99 2,832 2.15 Preferred stock dividends (25) Non-GAAP net earnings attributable to common stockholders 2,630 2,832 
 
 (1) Other adjustments includes non-service net periodic benefit cost and tax indemnification and other adjustments. 
 (2) For purposes of calculating Non-GAAP diluted net EPS, the preferred stock dividends are added back to the Non-GAAP net earnings attributable to common stockholders and the diluted weighted average share calculation assumes the preferred stock was converted at issuance or as of the beginning of the reporting period. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow. 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Net cash provided by operating activities 4,341 4,428 4,593 Investment in property, plant and equipment and software assets (2,367) (2,828) (3,122) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 370 602 602 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (47) 36 (279) Free cash flow 2,297 2,238 1,794 
 Use of non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The non-GAAP financial measures presented are net revenue on a constant currency basis (including at the business segment level), non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross profit margin, non-GAAP earnings from operations, non-GAAP operating profit margin (non-GAAP earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue), non-GAAP tax rate, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share, and FCF. These non-GAAP financial measures are not computed in accordance with, or as an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to net revenue on a constant currency basis is net revenue. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to non-GAAP gross profit is gross profit. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to non-GAAP gross profit margin is gross profit margin. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to non-GAAP earnings from operations is earnings from operations. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to non-GAAP operating profit margin (non-GAAP earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue) is operating profit margin (earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue). The GAAP measure most directly comparable to non-GAAP income tax rate is income tax rate. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to non-GAAP net earnings is net earnings. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share is diluted net earnings per share. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to FCF is cash flow from operations. 
 We believe that providing the non-GAAP measures stated above, in addition to the related GAAP measures provides greater transparency to the information used in our financial and operational decision making and allows the reader of our Consolidated Financial Statements to see our financial results through the eyes of management. We further believe that providing this information provides investors with a supplemental view to understand our historical and prospective operating performance and to evaluate the efficacy of the methodology and information used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. Disclosure of these non-GAAP financial measures also facilitates comparisons of our operating performance with the performance of other companies in the same industry that supplement their GAAP results with non-GAAP financial measures that may be calculated in a similar manner. 
 Economic Substance of non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Net revenue on a constant currency basis assumes no change to the foreign exchange rate utilized in the comparable prior-year period. This measure assists investors with evaluating our past and future performance, without the impact of foreign exchange rates, as more than half of our revenue is generated outside of the U.S. We believe that excluding the items mentioned below from the non-GAAP financial measures provides a supplemental view to management and our investors of our consolidated financial performance and presents the financial results of the business without costs that we do not believe to be reflective of our ongoing operating results. Exclusion of these items can have a material impact on the equivalent GAAP measure and cash flows thus limiting the use of such non-GAAP financial measures as analytic tools. See Compensation for Limitations With Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for further information. 
 Non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross profit margin are defined to exclude charges related to the amortization of initial direct costs, stock-based compensation expense, and disaster charges. See below for the reasons management excludes each item: 
 Stock-based compensation expense consists of equity awards granted based on the estimated fair value of those awards at grant date. Although stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to our employees, we exclude these charges for the purpose of calculating these non-GAAP measures, primarily because they are non-cash expenses and our internal benchmarking analyses evidence that many industry participants and peers present non-GAAP financial measures excluding stock-based compensation expense. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Disaster recoveries include direct costs or recovery of these costs related to the exit of the Company s businesses in Russia and Belarus. Hewlett Packard Enterprise excludes disaster recoveries from these non-GAAP measures as the specific net recoveries are non-recurring charges and not indicative of the operational performance of our business. 
 Divestiture related exit costs include expenses associated with certain disposal activities. On May 23, 2024, HPE announced plans to divest the Company s CTG business, which was completed on December 1, 2024. We consider this divestiture to be a discrete event. We exclude these costs as these expenses are non-recurring exit costs to eliminate stranded costs of this business. In addition, our internal benchmarking analyses evidence that many industry participants and peers present non-GAAP financial measures excluding these charges. 
 Non-GAAP earnings from operations and non-GAAP operating profit margin consist of earnings from operations or earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue excluding the items mentioned above and charges relating to the amortization of intangible assets, transformation costs and acquisition, disposition and other related charges. In addition to the items previously explained above, management excludes these items for the following reasons: 
 
 We incur charges relating to the amortization of intangible assets and exclude these charges for purposes of calculating these non-GAAP measures. Such charges are significantly impacted by the timing and magnitude of our acquisitions. We exclude these charges for the purpose of calculating these non-GAAP measures, primarily because they are noncash expenses and our internal benchmarking analyses evidence that many industry participants and peers present non-GAAP financial measures excluding intangible asset amortization. Although this does not directly affect our cash position, the loss in value of intangible assets over time can have a material impact on the equivalent GAAP earnings measure. 
 Transformation costs represent net costs related to the (i) HPE Next Plan and (ii) Cost Optimization and Prioritization Plan and include restructuring charges, program design and execution costs, costs incurred to transform our IT infrastructure, net gains from the sale of real estate and any impairment charges on real estate identified as part of the initiatives. We exclude these costs as they are discrete costs related to two specific transformation programs that were announced in 2017 and 2020, respectively, as multi-year programs necessary to transform the business and IT infrastructure following material divestiture transactions in 2017 and in response to COVID-19 and an evolving product portfolio in fiscal 2020. The primary elements of the HPE Next and the Cost Optimization and Prioritization Plan have been substantially completed by October 31, 2023. The exclusion of the transformation program costs from our non-GAAP financial measures as stated above is to provide a supplemental measure of our operating results that does not include material HPE Next Plan and Cost Optimization and Prioritization Plan costs as we do not believe such costs to be reflective of our ongoing operating cost structure. Further as our transformation costs for these plans have materially fluctuated since 2017, have been materially declining since 2021 and we do not expect to incur material transformation costs related to these programs beyond fiscal 2024, we believe non-GAAP measures excluding these costs are useful to management and investors for comparing operating performance across multiple periods. 
 We incur costs related to our acquisition, disposition and other related charges. The charges are direct expenses, such as professional fees and retention costs, most of which are treated as non-cash or non-capitalized expenses. For fiscal 2024, these charges were driven by costs associated with the pending merger with Juniper Networks and the acquisition of Morpheus Data, in addition to prior acquisitions of Axis, Athonet and OpsRamp. For fiscal 2023, these charges were driven by acquisitions of Axis, Zerto, OpsRamp and Athonet. Charges may also include expenses associated with disposal activities including legal and arbitration settlements in connection with certain dispositions. We consider these acquisitions and divestitures to be discrete events. We exclude these costs as these expenses are inconsistent in amount and frequency and are significantly impacted by the timing and nature of our acquisitions and divestitures. In addition, our internal benchmarking analyses evidence that many industry participants and peers present non-GAAP financial measures excluding these charges. 
 Non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share consist of net earnings or diluted net earnings per share excluding those same charges mentioned above, as well as other items such as adjustments for equity interests, gain or loss on equity investments, other adjustments, and adjustments for taxes. The Adjustments for taxes line item includes certain income tax valuation allowances and separation taxes, the impact of tax reform, structural rate adjustment, excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation, and adjustments for additional taxes or tax benefits associated with each non-GAAP item. In addition to the items previously explained, management excludes these items for the following reasons: 
 During the six months ended April 30, 2024, we stopped reporting H3C earnings in our non-GAAP results due to the planned divestiture of the H3C investment. Per the terms of the original Put Share Purchase Agreement, we weren t anticipating receiving dividends from this investment prospectively. However, on May 24, 2024, we entered into an 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Amended and Restated Put Share Purchase Agreement and an Agreement on Subsequent Arrangements, both with UNIS, as described in Note 19 Equity Interests to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II, which, taken together, revise the arrangements governing the aforementioned sale as previously set forth in the original Put Share Purchase Agreement. On September 4, 2024, we divested 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C, which resulted in a gain of 733 million and is included in the fiscal 2024 adjustment Gain on sale of equity interest. We continue to possess the option to sell the remaining 19 of the total issued share capital of H3C at a later date. For the second half of fiscal 2024, the adjustment for equity interests incorporated the completed divestment of 30 of the total issued share capital of H3C. All periods presented include the amortization of the basis difference in our investment. For fiscal 2023, this adjustment also included our portion of intangible asset impairment charges from H3C. We believe that eliminating these amounts for purposes of calculating non-GAAP financial measures facilitates the evaluation of our current operating performance. 
 We exclude gains and losses (including impairments) on our non-marketable equity investments because we do not believe they are reflective of normal continuing business operations. These adjustments are reflected in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. We believe eliminating these adjustments for the purposes of calculating non-GAAP measures facilitates the evaluation of our current operating performance. 
 We utilize a structural long-term projected non-GAAP income tax rate in order to provide consistency across the interim reporting periods and to eliminate the effects of items not directly related to our operating structure that can vary in size, frequency and timing. When projecting this long-term rate, we evaluated a three-year financial projection. The projected rate assumes no incremental acquisitions in the three-year projection period and considers other factors including our expected tax structure, our tax positions in various jurisdictions and current impacts from key legislation implemented in major jurisdictions where we operate. For fiscal 2024, we used a projected non-GAAP income tax rate of 15 , which reflects currently available information as well as other factors and assumptions. For fiscal 2023 we used a non-GAAP income tax rate of 14 . The non-GAAP income tax rate could be subject to change for a variety of reasons, including the rapidly evolving global tax environment, significant changes in our geographic earnings mix including due to acquisition activity, or other changes to our strategy or business operations. We will re-evaluate its long-term rate as appropriate. We believe that making these adjustments for purposes of calculating non-GAAP measures, facilitates a supplemental evaluation of our current operating performance and comparisons to past operating results. 
 FCF is defined as cash flow from operations, less net capital expenditures (investments in PP E and software assets less proceeds from the sale of PP E), and adjusted for the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. FCF does not represent the total increase or decrease in cash for the period. Our management and investors can use FCF for the purpose of determining the amount of cash available for investment in our businesses, repurchasing stock and other purposes as well as evaluating our historical and prospective liquidity. 
 Compensation for Limitations With Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of the limitations in relying on these non- GAAP financial measures are that they can have a material impact on the equivalent GAAP earnings measures and cash flows, they may be calculated differently by other companies (limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes) and may not reflect the full economic effect of the loss in value of certain assets. 
 We compensate for these limitations on the use of non-GAAP financial measures by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using non-GAAP financial measures only as a supplement. We also provide a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for this fiscal year and prior periods, and we encourage investors to review those reconciliations carefully. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate risks that could impact our financial position and results of operations. Our risk management strategy with respect to these market risks may include the use of derivative financial instruments. We use derivative contracts only to manage existing underlying exposures. Accordingly, we do not use derivative contracts for speculative purposes. Our risks, risk management strategy and a sensitivity analysis estimating the effects of changes in fair value for each of these exposures is outlined below. 
 Actual gains and losses in the future may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses based on changes in the timing and amount of foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate movements and our actual exposures and derivatives in place at the time of the change, as well as the effectiveness of the derivative to hedge the related exposure. 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in our sales commitments, anticipated sales, anticipated purchases, and assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We transact business in approximately 40 currencies worldwide, of which the most significant foreign currencies to our operations for fiscal 2024 were the euro, Japanese yen, and Indian rupee. For most currencies, we are a net receiver of the foreign currency and therefore benefit from a weaker U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currency. Even where we are a net receiver of the foreign currency, a weaker U.S. dollar may adversely affect certain expense figures, if taken alone. 
 We use a combination of forward contracts and, from time to time, options designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in our forecasted net revenue and, to a lesser extent, cost of sales, operating expenses, and intercompany loans denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, when debt is denominated in a foreign currency, we may use swaps to exchange the foreign currency principal and interest obligations for U.S. dollar-denominated amounts to manage the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We also use other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments, consisting primarily of forward contracts, to hedge foreign currency balance sheet exposures. Alternatively, we may choose not to hedge the risk associated with our foreign currency exposures, primarily if such exposure acts as a natural hedge for offsetting amounts denominated in the same currency or if the currency is too difficult or too expensive to hedge. 
 We have performed sensitivity analyses as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, using a modeling technique that measures the change in the fair values arising from a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in the levels of foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar, with all other variables held constant. The analyses cover all of our foreign currency derivative contracts offset by underlying exposures. The foreign currency exchange rates we used in performing the sensitivity analysis were based on market rates in effect at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates would result in a foreign exchange fair value loss of 44 million and 48 million at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We also are exposed to interest rate risk related to debt we have issued, our debt investment portfolio and net portfolio assets of our Financial Services segment. We issue long-term debt in either U.S. dollars or foreign currencies based on market conditions at the time of financing. 
 We often use interest rate and/or currency swaps to modify the market risk exposures in connection with the debt to achieve U.S. dollar based floating or fixed interest expense. The swap transactions generally involve the exchange of fixed for floating interest payments. However, in circumstances where we believe additional fixed-rate debt would be beneficial, we may choose to terminate a previously executed swap, or swap certain floating interest payments to fixed. 
 We have performed sensitivity analyses as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, using a modeling technique that measures the change in the fair values arising from a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in the levels of interest rates across the entire yield curve, with all other variables held constant. The analyses cover our debt, debt investments, net portfolio assets, and interest rate swaps. The analyses use actual or approximate maturities for the debt, debt investments, net portfolio assets, and interest rate swaps. The discount rates used were based on the market interest rates in effect at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in interest rates would result in a loss in the fair values of our debt, debt investments and net portfolio assets, net of interest rate swaps, of 233 million and 41 million at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For more information about our debt, use of derivative instruments, forward contracts and investments, Refer to Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , Note 13, Financial Instruments , and Note 14, Borrowings , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section included in this report. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 68 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 73 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 78 
 Note 1: Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 78 
 Note 2: Segment Information 
 88 
 Note 3: Transformation Programs 
 91 
 Note 4: Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
 92 
 Note 5: Stock-Based Compensation 
 99 
 Note 6: Taxes on Earnings 
 101 
 Note 7: Balance Sheet Details 
 106 
 Note 8: Accounting for Leases as a Lessee 
 110 
 Note 9: Accounting for Leases as a Lessor 
 111 
 Note 10: Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 115 
 Note 11: Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 117 
 Note 12: Fair Value 
 119 
 Note 13: Financial Instruments 
 122 
 Note 14: Borrowings 
 127 
 Note 15: Stockholders' Equity 
 130 
 Note 16: Net Earnings Per Share 
 132 
 Note 17: Litigation, Contingencies, and Commitments 
 133 
 Note 18: Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 135 
 Note 19: Equity Interests 
 137 

Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to HPE, or the Company mean Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and subsidiaries the Company as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at October 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated December 19, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuation of goodwill Description of the matter At October 31, 2024, the Company s goodwill was 18 billion, of which 4.8 billion related to the Hybrid Cloud reporting unit. As discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level and more frequently when warranted based on indicators of impairment. Auditing management s goodwill impairment test for the Hybrid Cloud reporting unit was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimates of the Hybrid Cloud reporting unit was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as the terminal revenue growth rate and operating margin, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 How we addressed the matter in our audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process, including controls over the significant assumptions described above. To test the estimated fair value of the Company s Hybrid Cloud reporting unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends and evaluated whether changes to the Company s business model, product mix and other factors would affect the significant assumptions. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in the assumptions. In addition, we tested management s reconciliation of the fair value of all the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company. We involved our valuation professionals to evaluate the application of valuation methodologies in the Company s annual impairment test. Estimation of variable consideration Description of the matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for sales to its customers after deducting management s estimates of variable consideration which may include various rebates, volume-based discounts, price protection, and other incentive programs that are offered to customers, partners, and distributors. Estimated variable consideration is presented within other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and totaled 1.0 billion at October 31, 2024. Auditing the estimates of variable consideration associated with rebates, specifically within the Intelligent Edge segment, was complex and judgmental due to the level of uncertainty involved in management s estimate of expected usage of these programs. How we addressed 
 the matter in our audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for estimating rebates, including controls over the significant assumptions described above. 
 To test the Company s determination of variable consideration we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the methodologies, testing the significant assumptions discussed above and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. We compared the significant assumptions to historical experience of the Company to develop an expectation of the rebates associated with product remaining in the distribution channel at October 31, 2024, which we compared to management s recorded amount. In addition, we inspected the underlying agreements and compared the incentive rates used in the Company s analyses with contractual rates. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates by comparing previous estimates of rebate liabilities to the amount of actual payments in subsequent periods. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 
 
 December 19, 2024 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated December 19, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 

December 19, 2024 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Hewlett Packard Enterprise's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Hewlett Packard Enterprise's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Hewlett Packard Enterprise; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of Hewlett Packard Enterprise are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise's management assessed the effectiveness of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on the assessment by Hewlett Packard Enterprise's management, we determined that Hewlett Packard Enterprise's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2024. The effectiveness of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, Hewlett Packard Enterprise's independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report on the preceding pages. 
 /s/ Antonio F. Neri /s/ Marie Myers Antonio F. Neri 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Marie Myers 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 December 19, 2024 
 December 19, 2024 

71 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions, except per share amounts Net Revenue: Products Services Financing income Total net revenue Costs and Expenses: Cost of products (exclusive of amortization shown separately below) Cost of services (exclusive of amortization shown separately below) Financing cost Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Impairment of goodwill Transformation costs Disaster charges Acquisition, disposition and other related charges Total costs and expenses Earnings from operations Interest and other, net ) ) ) Gain on sale of equity interest Earnings from equity interests Earnings before provision for taxes Provision for taxes ) ) ) Net earnings attributable to HPE Preferred stock dividends ) Net earnings attributable to common stockholders Net Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted-average Shares Used to Compute Net Earnings Per Share: Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Net earnings attributable to HPE Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Before Taxes Change in Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Available-for-sale Securities: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Change in Net Unrealized (Losses) Gains on Cash Flow Hedges: Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period ) ) Net losses (gains) reclassified into earnings ) ) ) Change in Unrealized Components of Defined Benefit Plans: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service benefit Curtailments, settlements and other ) Change in Cumulative Translation Adjustment: Net losses arising during the period ) ) ) Net loss reclassified into earnings ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Before Taxes ) ) Benefit for Taxes Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Taxes ) Comprehensive Income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of October 31 2024 2023 In millions, except par value and shares ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances Financing receivables, net of allowances Inventory Assets held for sale Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Long-term financing receivables and other assets Investments in equity interests Goodwill Intangible assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Notes payable and short-term borrowings Accounts payable Employee compensation and benefits Taxes on earnings Deferred revenue Accrued restructuring Liabilities held for sale Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other non-current liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders' Equity HPE stockholders' Equity: Series C mandatory convertible preferred stock, par value issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024) 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total HPE stockholders' equity Non-controlling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net earnings attributable to HPE Adjustments to Reconcile Net Earnings Attributable to HPE to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Stock-based compensation expense Provision for inventory and credit losses Restructuring charges Deferred taxes on earnings ) ) ) Earnings from equity interests ) ) ) Gain on sale of equity interest ) Dividends received from equity investees Other, net Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities, Net of Acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Financing receivables ) ) Inventory ) ) Accounts payable ) Taxes on earnings ) Restructuring ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment in property, plant and equipment and software assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities and sales of investments Financial collateral posted ) ) ) Financial collateral received Payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Short-term borrowings with original maturities less than 90 days, net ) ) Proceeds from debt, net of issuance costs Payment of debt ) ) ) Cash settlement for derivative hedging debt ) ) Net payments related to stock-based award activities ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Series C mandatory convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs 
 Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests, net of contributions ) ) Cash dividends paid to shareholders ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures: Income taxes paid, net of refunds Interest expense paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock In millions, except number of shares in thousands 
 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Series C Mandatory Convertible 
 Shares 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Equity Attributable to the Company Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at October 31, 2021 ) ) Net earnings attributable to HPE Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Tax withholding related to vesting of employee stock plans ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock plans and other Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2022 ) ) Net earnings attributable to HPE Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Tax withholding related to vesting of employee stock plans ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock plans and other ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Common Stock Preferred Stock In millions, except number of shares in thousands 
 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Series C Mandatory Convertible 
 Shares 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Equity Attributable to the Company Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) Net earnings attributable to HPE Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Tax withholding related to vesting of employee stock plans ) ) ) Equity issued in connection with the 7.625 Series C mandatory convertible preferred stock Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock plans and other Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividend on preferred stock accrued / declared per preferred share) 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2024 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1: 
 new reportable segments, Hybrid Cloud and Server. Hybrid Cloud includes the historical Storage segment, HPE GreenLake Flex Solutions (which provides flexible as-a-service aaS IT infrastructure through the HPE GreenLake cloud and was previously reported under the Compute and the High Performance Computing Artificial Intelligence HPC AI segments), Private Cloud, and Software (previously reported under the Corporate Investments and Other segment). The Server segment combines the previously separately reported Compute and HPC AI segments, with adjustments for certain product lines that are now reported in Hybrid Cloud. Additionally, certain products and services previously reported in the financial results for the HPC AI segment were moved to be reported in the Hybrid Cloud segment, and the Athonet business and certain components of the Communications and Media Solutions CMS business, both previously reported in the financial results for Corporate Investments and Other, moved to be reported in the Intelligent Edge segment. 
 As a result, the Company s organizational structure for fiscal 2024 consisted of the following segments: (i) Server; (ii) Hybrid Cloud; (iii) Intelligent Edge; (iv) Financial Services; and (v) Corporate Investments and Other. The Company began reporting under this re-aligned segment structure beginning with the results of the first quarter of fiscal 2024 included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2024. These changes had no impact on Hewlett Packard Enterprise s previously reported consolidated net revenue, net earnings, net earnings per share EPS or total assets. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million primarily related to expected credit losses of financing and trade receivables, employee severance and abandoned assets, million of which was included in Financing cost, million in Cost of services and million in Disaster charges in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 

79 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 . The Company periodically reviews the capitalized sales commission costs for possible impairment losses. The amortization of capitalized costs to obtain a contract are included in Selling, general and administrative expense. Refer to Note 7, Balance Sheet Details for additional information. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) Expected increase in compensation levels Expected long-term return on plan assets ) 
 
 million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 83 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 years for buildings and improvements and three to years for machinery and equipment. The Company depreciates leasehold improvements over the life of the lease or the asset, whichever is shorter. The Company depreciates equipment held for lease over the initial term of the lease to the equipment's estimated residual value. The estimated useful lives of assets used solely to support a customer services contract generally do not exceed the term of the customer contract. On retirement or disposition, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets with any gain or loss recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 The Company capitalizes certain internal and external costs incurred to acquire or create internal use software, principally related to software coding, designing system interfaces and installation and testing of the software. The Company amortizes capitalized internal use software costs using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software, generally from three to . 
 Leases 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

85 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 . Intangible assets purchased as part of an acquisition are included in Intangible assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All other separately purchased intangible assets are included in Long-term financing receivables and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 For a further discussion of fair value measurements and derivative instruments, refer to Note 12, Fair Value and Note 13, Financial Instruments, respectively. 
 See Note 17, Litigation, Contingencies, and Commitments, for a full description of the Company's contingencies. 
 for parts and labor, depending upon the product. For certain networking products, the Company offers a lifetime warranty. Over the last three fiscal years, the annual warranty expense has averaged approximately of annual net product revenue. Refer to Note 7, Balance Sheet Details, for additional information. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 2: 
 segments for financial reporting purposes: Server, Hybrid Cloud, Intelligent Edge, Financial Services FS ), and Corporate Investments and Other. Hewlett Packard Enterprise's organizational structure is based on a number of factors that the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), who is the Chief Executive Officer, uses to evaluate, view and run the Company's business operations, which include, but are not limited to, customer base and homogeneity of products and technology. The segments are based on this organizational structure and information reviewed by Hewlett Packard Enterprise's management to evaluate segment results. A summary of the types of products and services within each segment is as follows: 
 Server consists of general-purpose servers for multi-workload computing and workload-optimized servers to deliver the best performance and value for demanding applications, and integrated systems comprised of software and hardware designed to address High-Performance Computing and Supercomputing (including exascale applications), Artificial Intelligence AI ), Data Analytics, and Transaction Processing workloads for government and commercial customers globally. This portfolio of products includes the secure and versatile HPE ProLiant Rack and Tower servers; HPE Synergy, a composable infrastructure for traditional and cloud-native applications; HPE Scale Up Servers product lines for critical applications, including large enterprise software applications and data analytics platforms; HPE Edgeline servers; HPE Cray EX; HPE Cray XD (formerly known as HPE Apollo); and HPE NonStop. Server offerings also include operational and support services sold with systems and as standalone services. 
 Hybrid Cloud offers a wide variety of cloud-native and hybrid solutions across storage, private cloud and the infrastructure SaaS space. Storage includes data storage and data management offerings with the HPE Alletra Storage portfolio; unstructured data solutions and analytics for AI; data protection and archiving; and storage networking. It also includes AIOps-driven intelligence with HPE InfoSight and HPE CloudPhysics. In private cloud, the HPE GreenLake offerings include new cloud-native offerings and capabilities for virtual machines, containers, and bare metal; a full suite of private cloud offerings that enable customers to self-manage or choose a fully managed experience; and a portfolio of world-class AI infrastructure delivered aaS. This segment also provides self-service private cloud on-demand with HPE GreenLake for Private Cloud Business Edition. Infrastructure software includes monitoring and observability for day two operations and beyond through the Company s acquisition of OpsRamp and unified data access through HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric and analytics suite, which helps move and transform data for use in AI and other applications. Hybrid Cloud segment also includes data lifecycle management and protection through its suite of offerings, including Zerto Disaster Recovery. 
 Intelligent Edge offers wired and wireless local area networks, campus, branch, and data center switching, software-defined wide-area-networks, private and public cellular network software, network security, and associated services that enable secure connectivity for businesses of any size. The HPE Aruba Networking product portfolio includes hardware products such as Wi-Fi access points, switches, and gateways. The HPE Aruba Networking software and services portfolio includes cloud-based management, network management, network access control, software-defined wide-area networking, network security, analytics and assurance, location services software, private and public cellular core software, and professional and support services, as well as aaS and consumption models through the HPE GreenLake cloud for the Intelligent Edge portfolio of products. Intelligent Edge offerings are consolidated in the edge service platform, which takes a cloud-native approach that provides customers with a unified framework to meet their connectivity, security, and financial needs across campus, branch, data center, and remote worker environments. 
 Financial Services provides flexible investment solutions, such as leasing, financing, IT consumption, utility programs, and asset management services for customers that facilitate unique technology deployment models and the acquisition of complete IT solutions, including hardware, software, and services from Hewlett Packard Enterprise and others. FS also supports financial solutions for on-premise flexible consumption models, such as the HPE GreenLake cloud. 
 Corporate Investments and Other includes the Advisory and Professional Services A PS business, which primarily offers consultative-led services, HPE and partner technology expertise and advice, implementation services as well as complex solution engagement capabilities; CMS, which primarily offers software and related services to the telecommunications industry; and Hewlett Packard Labs, which is responsible for research and development. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Intersegment net revenue Total segment net revenue Segment earnings (loss) from operations ) Fiscal 2023 Net revenue Intersegment net revenue Total segment net revenue Segment earnings (loss) from operations ) Fiscal 2022 Net revenue Intersegment net revenue Total segment net revenue Segment earnings (loss) from operations ) 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Elimination of intersegment net revenue ) ) ) Total consolidated net revenue Earnings Before Taxes: Total segment earnings from operations Unallocated corporate costs and eliminations ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Amortization of initial direct costs ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) ) Impairment of goodwill ) Transformation costs ) ) ) Disaster recovery (charges) ) Divestiture related exit costs ) Acquisition, disposition and other related charges ) ) ) Interest and other, net ) ) ) Gain on sale of equity interest Earnings from equity interests Total earnings before provision for taxes 
 Major Customers 
 The Company had two distributors which represented approximately and of the Company's total net revenue in fiscal 2024, primarily within the Intelligent Edge and Server segments. The Company had one customer, which is a distributor, that represented of the Company's total net revenue in fiscal 2023, primarily within the Intelligent Edge and Server segments. No single customer represented 10 or more of the Company's total net revenue in fiscal year 2022. 
 Geographic Information 
 Net revenue by country is based upon the sales location that predominately represents the customer location. For each of the fiscal years of 2024, 2023 and 2022, other than the U.S., no country represented more than 10 of the Company's net revenue. 
 Americas excluding U.S. Total Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific and Japan Total consolidated net revenue 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Other countries Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Note 3: 
 IT costs Restructuring charges Total 
 HPE Next Plan 
 IT costs Restructuring charges Gains on real estate sales ) ) Impairment on real estate assets Other Total 
 Restructuring Plans 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan in connection with the Cost Optimization and Prioritization Plan which primarily related to labor restructuring and real estate site exits under non-labor restructuring. The changes to the workforce varied by country, based on business needs, local legal requirements and consultations with employee works councils and other employee representatives, as appropriate. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash items ) ) Liability as of October 31, 2024 
 Total costs incurred to date as of October 31, 2024 
 Total expected costs to be incurred as of October 31, 2024 
 
 The current restructuring liability related to the transformation programs, reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively, in Accrued restructuring, and million and million, respectively, in Other accrued liabilities. The non-current restructuring liability related to the transformation programs, reported in Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 4: 
 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, and million in fiscal 2022. U.S. employees are automatically enrolled in the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 401(k) Plan HPE 401(k) Plan ), when they meet eligibility requirements, unless they decline participation. The HPE 401(k) Plan s quarterly employer matching contributions are of an employee s contributions, up to a maximum of of eligible compensation. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Interest cost (1) 
 Expected return on plan assets (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization and Deferrals (1) : 
 Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Prior service benefit ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) Settlement loss and special termination benefits (1) 
 Total net benefit cost (credit) ) 

Discount rate used to determine service cost Discount rate used to determine interest cost Expected increase in compensation levels Expected long-term return on plan assets Interest crediting rate (1) 

(1) 
 To estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans that use the yield curve approach, which represent substantially all of the Company's defined benefit plans, the Company has elected to use a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components of benefit cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Reimbursement of benefit payments (1) 
 ) ) Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlement ) ) Currency impact Fair value end of year Change in benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation beginning of year Addition/deletion of plans (2) 
 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Actuarial loss (gain) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Plan amendments Settlement ) ) Special termination benefits Currency impact ) Projected benefit obligation end of year (3) 
 Funded status at end of year ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 (1) For benefit payments reimbursed to HPE from 
 (2) 
 (3) HPE divested million in projected benefit obligation and million in assets due to the Communications Technology Group CTG divestiture that occurred on December 1, 2024. 
 For the year ended October 31, 2024, the benefit obligation increased from billion to billion primarily due to the effects of decreasing discount rates. The increase was partially offset by benefits paid which reduced benefit obligations. Pension assets increased from billion to billion as assets performed better than expected. The increase was partially offset by benefits paid from plan assets. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Expected increase in compensation levels Interest crediting rate 
 Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Funded status at end of year ) ) 
 Prior service benefit Total recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Aggregate projected benefit obligation 
 Aggregate accumulated benefit obligation 
 Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 The Company pays the U.S. defined benefit plan obligations when they come due since these plans are unfunded. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Non-U.S. Debt securities Corporate Government (1) 
 Other (2) 
 Alternative investments Private Equity (3) 
 Hybrids (4) 
 Hybrids at NAV (5) 
 Common Contractual Funds at NAV (6) 
 Equities at NAV Fixed Income at NAV Emerging Markets at NAV Alternative investments at NAV Real Estate Funds (7) 
 Insurance Group Annuity Contracts Cash and Cash Equivalents Other (8) 
 Obligation to return cash received from repurchase agreements (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total 
 (1) billion and billion of government bonds collateralize this short-term borrowing at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The plans have an obligation to return the cash after the term of the agreements. Due to the short-term nature of the agreements, the outstanding balance of the obligation approximates fair value. 
 (2) , discount rates, and internal rate of return (IRR). The yields ranged from to , with the weighted average around . In the prior year, the yields ranged from to , with the weighted average around . The discount rates ranged from to , with the weighted average around . In the prior year, the discount rates ranged from to , with the weighted average around . The IRR ranged from to , with the main weighted average around . In the prior year, the IRR ranged from to , with the main weighted average around . Generally, an increase in yield and discounted rates may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain investments. 
 to , with the weighted average around . The EV/EBITDA multiples ranged from x to x, with the weighted average ranging from x to x. Generally, an increase in discount rates may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain investments. The EV/EBITDA ratio generally indicates the number of times investors are willing to pay for a company's EBITDA valuation. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 to , with the weighted average around . In the prior year, the discount rates ranged from to , with the weighted average around . Generally, an increase in discount rates may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain investments. 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) to , with the weighted average around . In the prior year, the rental yield rates ranged from to , with the weighted average around . The IRR ranged from to , with the main weighted average around . In the prior year, the IRR ranged from to , with the main weighted average around . Generally, an increase in rental yield rates may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain investments. A higher IRR generally signifies a greater fair value as it implies a greater potential rate of return over the life of an investment. 
 (8) million. 
 As of October 31, 2024 post-retirement benefit plan assets of million were invested in publicly traded registered investment entities of which million are classified within Level 1 and million within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. As of October 31, 2023 post-retirement benefit plan assets of million were invested in publicly traded registered investment entities of which million are classified within Level 1 and million within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets held at the reporting date ) ) Relating to assets sold during the period ) Purchases, sales, and settlements ) Balance at end of year 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets held at the reporting date ) ) ) Relating to assets sold during the period Purchases, sales, and settlements ) ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 Plan Asset Allocations 
 Private/hybrid equity securities Real estate and other (1) 
 Equity-related investments (1) 
 Debt securities Cash and cash equivalents Total 
 
 (1) million, which is held in the UK plans as of October 31, 2024. 
 For the Company's post-retirement benefit plans, approximately of the plan assets are invested in cash and cash equivalents and approximately in multi-asset credit investments which consists primarily of investment grade credit, emerging market debt and high yield bonds. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Employer Contributions and Funding Policy 
 During fiscal 2024, the Company contributed approximately million to its non-U.S. pension plans and paid million to cover benefit claims under the Company s post-retirement benefit plans. 
 During fiscal 2025, the Company expects to contribute approximately million to its non-U.S. pension plans and an additional million to cover benefit payments to U.S. non-qualified plan participants. In addition, the Company expects to pay approximately million to cover benefit claims for its post-retirement benefit plans. The Company's policy is to fund its pension plans so that it makes at least the minimum contribution required by various authorities including local government and taxing authorities. 
 Estimated Future Benefits Payments 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Next five fiscal years to October 31, 2034 
 
 Note 5: 
 years from the grant date. The maximum number of shares as of the Approval Date that may be delivered to the participants under the 2021 Plan shall not exceed million shares, plus million shares that were available for grant under the 2015 Plan and any awards granted under the 2015 Plan prior to the 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million shares, million shares, and million shares, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization of million shares under the 2021 Plan. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Stock-based compensation expense 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Effective November 1, 2015, the Company adopted the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The total number of shares of Company's common stock authorized under the ESPP was million. The ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their eligible compensation to purchase Hewlett Packard Enterprise's common stock. The ESPP provides for a discount not to exceed and an offering period up to months. The Company currently offers -month offering periods during which employees have the ability to purchase shares at of the closing market price on the purchase date. stock-based compensation expense was recorded in connection with those purchases, as the criteria of a non-compensatory plan were met. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock units have forfeitable dividend equivalent rights equal to the dividend paid on common stock. Restricted stock units do not have the voting rights of common stock, and the shares underlying restricted stock units are not considered issued and outstanding upon grant. The fair value of the restricted stock units is the closing price of the Company's common stock on the grant date of the award. The Company expenses the fair value of restricted stock units ratably over the period during which the restrictions lapse. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Granted and replacement awards for acquisitions 
 Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Outstanding at end of year 
 The total grant date fair value of restricted stock awards vested for Company employees in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, there was million of unrecognized pre-tax stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units, which the Company expects to recognize over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Performance Restricted Units 
 The Company issues performance stock units PSU that vest on the satisfaction of service and performance conditions. The fair value of the PSUs is the closing price of the Company's common stock on the grant date of the award. The Company also issues performance-adjusted restricted stock units PARSU that vest only on the satisfaction of service, performance and market conditions. The Company estimates the fair value of PARSUs subject to performance-contingent vesting conditions using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The expenses associated with these performance restricted units were not material for any of the periods presented. 

Note 6: 
 ) ) Non-U.S. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Deferred ) ) ) Non-U.S. taxes: Current Deferred ) State taxes: Current ) Deferred ) ) 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Lower rates in other jurisdictions, net ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) U.S. permanent differences ) ) U.S. R D credit ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) ) ) Goodwill impairment Other, net 
 The jurisdictions with favorable tax rates that had the most significant impact on the Company's effective tax rate in the periods presented include Puerto Rico and Singapore. 
 In fiscal 2024, the Company recorded million of net income tax charges related to various items discrete to the year. These amounts primarily included million of income tax charges resulting from the gain on the partial disposition of H3C Technologies Co., Limited H3C ), which included million of U.S. and foreign income tax charges offset by million of income tax benefit for the release of an uncertain tax benefit related to the prior divestiture, partially offset by million of income tax benefits related to transformation costs, and acquisition, disposition and other related charges and million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. 
 In fiscal 2023, the Company recorded million of net income tax benefits related to various items discrete to the year. These amounts primarily included million of income tax benefits related to transformation costs, and acquisition, disposition and other related charges and million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. 
 In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded million of net income tax benefits related to various items discrete to the year. These amounts primarily included million of income tax benefits related to releases of foreign valuation allowances, million of income tax benefits related to transformation costs, and acquisition, disposition and other related charges, million of income tax benefits related to the settlement of U.S. tax audit matters, million of income tax benefits related to the release of U.S. passive foreign tax credit valuation allowances, million of income tax benefits related to the change in pre-separation tax liabilities, primarily those for which the Company shared joint and several liability with HP Inc. and for which the Company was indemnified by HP Inc., million of income tax benefits related to the utilization of capital losses which had a full valuation allowance, million of income tax benefits as a result of the fiscal 2021 U.S. tax return filing primarily 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million of net income tax benefits related to settlements and ongoing discussions in foreign tax audit matters. 
 As a result of certain employment actions and capital investments the Company has undertaken, income from manufacturing and services in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates through 2039. The gross foreign income tax benefits attributable to these actions and investments were million diluted net EPS) in fiscal 2024, million diluted net EPS) in fiscal 2023, and million diluted net EPS) in fiscal 2022. Refer to Note 16, Net Earnings Per Share for details on shares used to compute diluted net EPS. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Increases: For current year's tax positions For prior years' tax positions Decreases: For prior years' tax positions ) ) ) Statute of limitations expiration ) ) ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Settlements related to joint and several positions indemnified by HP Inc. ) Balance at end of year 
 Up to million, million and million of the Company's unrecognized tax benefits at October 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, would affect its effective tax rate if realized in their respective periods. During the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company effectively settled with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS for fiscal 2016, primarily contributing to the reduction in the Company's unrecognized tax benefits of billion, which was predominantly related to the timing of intercompany royalty revenue recognition which does not affect the Company s effective tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest income from favorable settlements and interest expense and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits in Provision for taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The Company recognized million of interest expense and million and million of interest income in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accrued million and million, respectively, for interest and penalties in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. and approximately other countries and is subject to routine corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. 
 The Company engages in continuous discussion and negotiation with taxing authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal tax audits for years prior to 2017. The IRS is conducting audits of the Company's fiscal 2017 through 2022 U.S. federal income tax returns. During fiscal 2023, the IRS issued notices of proposed adjustments NOPAs for fiscal 2017, 2018, and 2019 relating to HPE s intercompany transfer pricing. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the IRS issued a Revenue Agent Report RAR finalizing their position on the NOPAs for the same issues and same fiscal years. However, HPE disagreed with the IRS adjustments and believes the positions taken on its tax returns are more likely than not to prevail on technical merits, and has continued with settlement discussions with the IRS. During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company submitted a formal settlement offer to the IRS to facilitate the closing of the audit and recorded increased reserves for unrecognized tax benefits of million. The impact of the increase in reserves is almost entirely offset with a valuation allowance release, and the net impact to income tax expense for fiscal 2024 was not material. It is reasonably possible that the IRS audit for fiscal 2017 through 2019 may be concluded in the next months, and it is reasonably possible that existing unrecognized tax benefits related to these years may be reduced by an amount up to million within the next months, the majority of which relates to adjustments to foreign tax credits that carry a full valuation 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 months, including issues involving resolution of certain intercompany transactions and other matters. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that its existing unrecognized tax benefits may be reduced by an amount up to million within the next months. 
 billion of undistributed earnings and basis differences from non-U.S. operations as of October 31, 2024 because the Company intends to reinvest such earnings indefinitely outside of the U.S. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings and basis differences is not practicable. The Company will remit non-indefinitely reinvested earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries for which deferred U.S. state income and foreign withholding taxes have been provided where excess cash has accumulated and the Company determines that it is advantageous for business operations, tax or cash management reasons. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and tax purposes. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Inventory valuation Intercompany prepayments Warranty Employee and retiree benefits Restructuring Deferred revenue Intangible assets Capitalized R D Lease liabilities Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance (1) 
 ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) ) ROU assets ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets and liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets net of deferred tax liabilities 
 As of October 31, 2024, the Company had million, billion and billion of federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. Amounts included in state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025; federal net operating losses can carry forward indefinitely. The Company has provided a valuation allowance of million and billion for deferred tax assets related to state and foreign net operating losses carryforwards, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, the Company also had million, million, and million of federal, state, and foreign capital loss carryforwards, respectively. Amounts included in federal and state capital loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028; foreign capital losses can carry forward indefinitely. The Company has provided a valuation allowance of million and million for deferred tax assets related to state and foreign capital loss carryforwards, respectively. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) 2027 U.S. research and development and other credits 2029 Tax credits in state and foreign jurisdictions ) 2028 Balance at end of year ) 
 Total valuation allowances decreased by million in fiscal 2024, primarily as a result of the utilization of certain non-U.S. loss carryforwards which had full valuation allowances, the impact on fully valued U.S. foreign tax credits as a result of the change in uncertain tax benefits, the recording of valuation allowances on certain non-U.S. tax credits, and the release of certain foreign valuation allowances. 
 Tax Matters Agreement and Other Income Tax Matters 
 In connection with the completed separations and mergers of the former Enterprise Services business with DXC Technology Company DXC (the Everett Transaction or Everett and the Software Segment with Micro Focus International plc Micro Focus (the Seattle Transaction or Seattle ), the Company entered into a DXC Tax Matters Agreement with DXC and a Micro Focus Tax Matters Agreement with Micro Focus, respectively. See Note 18, Guarantees and Indemnifications, for a description of the DXC Tax Matters Agreement and Micro Focus Tax Matters Agreement. 
 
 Note 7: 
 Restricted cash Total 
 Unbilled receivable Allowances ) ) Total 
 Provision for credit losses 
 Adjustments to existing allowances, including write offs 
 ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million, million and million in Notes payable and short-term borrowings in its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to the trade receivables sold and collected from the third-party for which the revenue recognition was deferred. For arrangements involving an element of recourse, the fair value of the recourse obligation is measured using market data from similar transactions and reported as a current liability in Other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Trade receivables sold Cash receipts ) ) ) Foreign currency and other ) Balance at end of period (1) 

Finished goods Total 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment, including equipment held for lease Gross property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net (1) 

million and million of internal use software, net as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Depreciation expense was billion in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, and billion in 2022. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Deferred tax assets Prepaid pension ROU assets Other Total 
 Supplier Financing Arrangements 
 million, and million as of October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Value-added and property taxes Contract manufacturer liabilities Customer deposits Operating lease liabilities Warranty Collateral payable Other Total 
 Operating lease liabilities Pension, post-retirement, and post-employment Deferred tax liabilities Taxes on earnings Other Total 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Charges Adjustments related to pre-existing warranties ) ) ) Settlements made ) ) ) Balance at end of year (1) 

(1) The Company included the current portion in Other accrued liabilities, and amounts due after one year in Other non-current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Customer deposits - non-current Other non-current liabilities Total customer deposits Deferred revenue Deferred revenue Deferred revenue - non-current Other non-current liabilities Total deferred revenue 
 In fiscal 2024, approximately billion of revenue was recognized relating to contract liabilities recorded as of October 31, 2023. 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contract work that has not yet been performed and does not include contracts where the customer is not committed. Remaining performance obligations estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including contract terminations, changes in the scope of contracts, adjustments for revenue that has not materialized and adjustments for currency. As of October 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of deferred revenue, was billion. The Company expects to recognize approximately of this balance over fiscal 2025 with the remainder to be recognized thereafter. The Company receives payments in advance of completion of its contractual obligations, these payments are considered customer deposits. As customer acceptance milestones are met, the Company will recognize revenue and reduce the amount of contract liabilities. As of October 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of customer deposits was million. The Company expects to recognize million over fiscal 2025 and the remaining balance thereafter. 
 Costs to obtain a Contract 
 As of October 31, 2024, the current and non-current portions of the capitalized costs to obtain a contract were million and million, respectively. As of October 31, 2023, the current and non-current portions of the capitalized costs to obtain a contract were million and million, respectively. The current and non-current portions of the capitalized costs to obtain a contract were included in Other current assets, and Long-term financing receivables and other assets, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 the Company amortized million, million, and million, respectively, of the capitalized costs to obtain a contract which are included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 8: 
 Finance lease cost Sublease rental income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 Lease Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities current Other accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities non-current Other non-current liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Finance lease ROU Assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Gross finance lease ROU assets Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net finance lease ROU assets Lease Liabilities: Finance lease liabilities current Notes payable and short-term borrowings Finance lease liabilities non-current Long-term debt Total finance lease liabilities Total ROU assets Total lease liabilities 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Weighted-average discount rate 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: For the fiscal years ended October 31, Cash Flow Statement Activity 2024 2023 2022 In millions Cash outflows from operating leases Net cash used in operating activities ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Non-cash activities 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 Note 9: 
 and are usually collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Financing receivables also include billed receivables from operating leases. The allowance for credit losses represents future expected credit losses over the life of the receivables based on past experience, current information and forward-looking economic considerations. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Unguaranteed residual value Unearned income ) ) Financing receivables, gross Allowance for credit losses ) ) Financing receivables, net Less: current portion ) ) Amounts due after one year, net 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Present value of lease payments (recognized as finance receivables) Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows 
 Sale of Financing Receivables 
 The Company enters into arrangements to transfer the contractual payments due under certain financing receivables to third-party financial institutions. For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company sold million and million, respectively, of financing receivables. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 2023 2022 2021 2020 and prior Total 
 The credit risk profile of gross financing receivables, based on internal risk ratings as of October 31, 2023, presented on amortized cost basis by year of origination was as follows: 
 As of October 31, 2023 Risk Rating Low Moderate High Fiscal Year In millions 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 and prior Total 
 Accounts rated low risk typically have the equivalent of a Standard Poor's rating of BBB or higher, while accounts rated moderate risk generally have the equivalent of BB+ or lower. The Company classifies accounts as high risk when it considers the financing receivable to be impaired or when management believes there is a significant near-term risk of impairment. The credit quality indicators do not reflect any mitigation actions taken to transfer credit risk to third parties. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Provision for credit losses (1) 
 Adjustment to the existing allowance ) ) Write-offs ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (1) million related to expected credit losses due to the Company's exit from its Russia and Belarus businesses. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Past due 31-60 days Past due 61-90 days Past due > 90 days Unbilled sales-type and direct-financing lease receivables Total gross financing receivables Gross financing receivables on non-accrual status (2) 
 Gross financing receivables 90 days past due and still accruing interest (2) 

(1) 
 (2) 
 Operating Leases 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 If a lease is classified as an operating lease, the Company records lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term. At commencement of an operating lease, initial direct costs are deferred and are expensed over the lease term on the same basis as the lease revenue is recorded. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Lease income from operating leases Services Total lease income 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 The Company has issued asset-backed debt securities under a fixed-term securitization program to private investors. The asset-backed debt securities are collateralized by the U.S. fixed-term financing receivables and leased equipment in the offering, which is held by a Special Purpose Entity SPE ). The SPE meets the definition of a Variable Interest Entity VIE and is consolidated, along with the associated debt, into the Consolidated Financial Statements as the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The SPE is a bankruptcy-remote legal entity with separate assets and liabilities. The purpose of the SPE is to facilitate the funding of customer receivables and leased equipment in the capital markets. 
 The Company's risk of loss related to securitized receivables and leased equipment is limited to the amount by which the Company's right to receive collections for assets securitized exceeds the amount required to pay interest, principal, and fees and expenses related to the asset-backed securities. 
 The following table presents the assets and liabilities held by the consolidated VIE as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Financing receivables Short-term Long-term Property, plant and equipment, net Liabilities held by VIE: Notes payable and short-term borrowings, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 billion and billion, respectively. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, financing receivables and leased equipment transferred via securitization through the SPE were billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Note 10: 
 million primarily consisted of cash paid for outstanding common stock. The Company is amortizing the intangible assets on a straight-line basis over an estimated weighted-average useful life of years. The purchase price allocations for the Morpheus Data acquisition, described below, reflect various preliminary fair value estimates and analysis, including preliminary work performed by third-party valuation specialists, of certain tangible assets and 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Amortizable intangible assets Net liabilities assumed ) Total fair value consideration 
 Pending Merger with Juniper Networks, Inc. 
 On January 9, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive merger agreement under which HPE will acquire Juniper Networks, Inc. Juniper Networks in an all-cash transaction for per share, representing an equity value of approximately billion. The transaction was unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies. On April 2, 2024, Juniper Networks shareholders approved the transaction. The transaction is expected to be funded based on senior unsecured delayed draw term loans from a syndicate of banks, the post-tax proceeds from the Company s sale to UNIS of of the total issued share capital of H3C, the net proceeds (including after repayments of maturing debt) of its September 2024 issuances of senior unsecured notes and Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ), and cash on the balance sheet. Refer to Note 14, Borrowings, and Note 15, Stockholders' Equity, for additional information. The closing of the transaction remains subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. 
 Disposition of CTG 
 On May 23, 2024, HPE announced plans to divest the CTG business to HCLTech. CTG is included in the Communications and Media Solutions business, which is reported in the Corporate Investments and Other segment. This divestiture includes the platform-based software solutions portions of the CTG portfolio, including systems integration, network applications, data intelligence, and the business support systems groups. As of October 31, 2024, assets and liabilities to be sold have been presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets and liabilities held for sale. On December 1, 2024, the Company completed the disposition of CTG. The Company received net proceeds of million and expect to recognize a gain of approximately million. 
 Acquisitions in fiscal 2023 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company completed acquisitions. The purchase price allocations for the acquisitions described below reflect various fair value estimates and analysis, including work performed by third-party valuation specialists, of certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, the valuation of intangible assets acquired, certain legal matters, income and non-income based taxes, and residual goodwill, which were subject to change within the measurement period. Measurement period adjustments were recorded in the reporting period in which the estimates were finalized and adjustment amounts were determined. 
 The pro forma results of operations, revenue and net income subsequent to the acquisition dates have not been presented as they were not material to the Company's consolidated results of operations, either individually or in the aggregate. Goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, was not deductible for tax purposes. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Amortizable intangible assets Net tangible assets assumed Total fair value consideration 
 On May 2, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of OpsRamp, an IT operations management company that monitors, observes, automates, and manages IT infrastructure, cloud resources, workloads, and applications for hybrid and multi-cloud environments, including the leading hyperscalers. OpsRamp s results of operations were included within the Corporate Investments and Other segment. The acquisition date fair value consideration of million primarily consisted of cash paid for outstanding common stock. In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded approximately million of goodwill, and million of intangible assets. The Company is amortizing the intangible assets on a straight-line basis over an estimated weighted-average useful life of years. 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Axis Security, a cloud security provider, enabling the Company to expand its edge-to-cloud security capabilities by offering a unified Secure Access Services Edge solution to meet the increasing demand for integrated networking and security solutions delivered aaS. Axis Security's results of operations were included within the Intelligent Edge segment. The acquisition date fair value consideration of million primarily consisted of cash paid for outstanding common stock. In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded approximately million of goodwill, and million of intangible assets. The Company is amortizing the intangible assets on a straight-line basis over an estimated weighted-average useful life of years. 
 Acquisitions in fiscal 2022 

Note 11: 
 Goodwill from acquisitions Goodwill adjustments ) Balance at October 31, 2024 (1) 

(1) billion. Of this amount, billion relates to the HPC AI reporting unit of which million was recorded during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. The Hybrid Cloud reporting unit has an accumulated impairment loss of million related to the former Software reporting unit which was also recorded during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 2024 Interim and Annual Goodwill Impairment Reviews 
 As of October 31, 2024, the Company s reporting units with goodwill are consistent with the reportable segments identified in Note 2, Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II, with the exception of Server, which contains reporting units: Compute and HPC AI, and Corporate Investments and Other which contains two reporting units: Advisory and Professional Services, and legacy Communications and Media Solutions. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 to of the respective carrying amounts and; 
 Interim goodwill impairment test as of September 30, 2024 for Compute and Hybrid Cloud reporting units. 
 In September 2024, HPE sold of the total issued share capital of H3C. The equity investment in H3C primarily benefits the Compute and Hybrid Cloud reporting units. Subsequent to the sale, on September 30, 2024, the Company performed an interim impairment analysis for Compute and Hybrid Cloud reporting units. The excess of fair value over carrying amount for these reporting units was for Compute and for Hybrid Cloud. 
 The Compute reporting unit has goodwill of billion as of October 31, 2024, and excess of fair value over carrying value of as of the September 30, 2024 interim test date. The Compute business is cyclical in nature. Over the last several years, digital transformation drove increased investment to modernize infrastructure. However, in the current macroeconomic and inflationary environment, customers have invested selectively resulting in moderate unit growth and competitive pricing. The Compute business continues to focus on capturing market share while maintaining operating margin, leveraging its strong portfolio of ProLiant Gen11 products. 
 The Hybrid Cloud reporting unit has goodwill of billion as of October 31, 2024, and excess of fair value of as of the September 30, 2024 interim test date. Although the Hybrid Cloud business is on a positive trajectory, the Company is managing both a sales model transition and product transition within this business. The Company s product model transition is to a more cloud-native, software-defined platform with HPE Alletra. Translating this growth to revenue and operating income will take time because a greater mix of high margin business such as ratable software and services, are deferred and recognized in future periods. 
 2023 and 2022 Annual Goodwill Impairment Reviews 
 The Company s fiscal 2023 annual impairment test did not result in any impairment charges. 
 The Company s fiscal 2022 annual goodwill impairment analysis resulted in impairment charges for goodwill related to the HPC AI reporting unit and former Software reporting unit (which is now part of the Hybrid Cloud reporting unit). There was no impairment of goodwill for other reporting units. 
 The decline in the fair value of the HPC AI reporting unit below its carrying value resulted from changes in expected future cash flows due to the continuation of supply chain constraints, and other operational challenges as well as an increase in cost of capital. As a result, a goodwill impairment charge of million was recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. The decline in the fair value of the former Software reporting unit resulted primarily from a decline in market multiples. As a result, a goodwill impairment charge of million was recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) ) Developed and core technology and patents ) ) Trade name and trademarks ) ) Capitalized software development costs Total intangible assets ) ) 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million of intangible assets which became fully amortized and were eliminated from gross intangible assets and accumulated amortization, partially offset by million of intangible assets related to acquisitions and million related to capitalized software development costs. 
 Developed and core technology and patents Trade name and trademarks Capitalized software development costs 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total (1) 

million of software development costs that are in-progress and not amortizable. 
 
 Note 12: 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Money market funds Equity investments Foreign bonds Other debt securities (1) 
 Derivative instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Total assets Liabilities Derivative instruments: Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Other derivatives Total liabilities 
 (1) 
 billion and the carrying value was billion. As of October 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Company's short-term 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 billion and the carrying value was billion. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, short-term and long-term debt would be classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Other Financial Instruments: For the balance of the Company's financial instruments, primarily accounts receivable, accounts payable and financial liabilities included in other accrued liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, these other financial instruments would be classified in Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Equity Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Value: Equity investments are recorded at cost and measured at fair value, when they are deemed to be impaired or when there is an adjustment from observable price changes. For fiscal 2024, the Company recorded a net unrealized gain of million. For fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded net unrealized losses of million and million, respectively, which included impairments of million and million for the same respective periods. These amounts are reflected in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, these would generally be classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. These adjustments are based on observable price changes for certain equity investments without readily determinable fair value. For investments still held as of October 31, 2024, the cumulative upward adjustments for observable price changes was million and cumulative downward adjustments for observable price changes and impairments was million. Refer to Note 13 Financial Instruments, for further information about equity investments. 
 Non-Financial Assets: The Company's non-financial assets, such as intangible assets, goodwill and property, plant and equipment, are recorded at cost. The Company records ROU assets based on the lease liability, adjusted for lease prepayments, lease incentives received and the lessee's initial direct costs. Fair value adjustments are made to these non-financial assets in the period an impairment charge is recognized. 
 In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded a net ROU asset impairment charge of million and million, respectively, in Transformation costs in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as the carrying value of certain ROU assets exceeded its fair value. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, these would generally be classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 million associated with the HPC AI reporting unit and the Software reporting unit within the Corporate Investments and Other segment. The fair value of the Company's reporting units was classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to the significance of unobservable inputs developed using company-specific information. For more information on the goodwill impairment, see Note 11, Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 13: 
 Money market funds Total cash equivalents Available-for-sale Debt Investments: Foreign bonds ) Other debt securities Total available-for-sale debt investments Total cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt investments 
 All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition are considered cash equivalents. As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximated fair value due to the short period of time to maturity. Interest income related to cash, cash equivalents and debt securities was approximately million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Time deposits were primarily issued by institutions outside the U.S. as of October 31, 2024 and 2023. The estimated fair value of the available-for-sale debt investments may not be representative of values that will be realized in the future. 
 
 Equity Investments 
 Non-marketable equity investments in privately held companies are included in Long-term financing receivables and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These non-marketable equity investments are carried either at fair value or under measurement alternative. Measurement alternative equity investments are recorded at cost and measured at fair value when they are deemed to be impaired or when there is an adjustment from observable price changes. 
 The carrying amount of those non-marketable equity investments accounted for under the fair value option was million and million as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For fiscal 2024, he Company recorded a net unrealized loss of million on these investments. For fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded net unrealized gains of million and million, respectively on these investments. These amounts are reflected in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. In fiscal 2022, the Company sold million of these investments. 
 The carrying amount of those non-marketable equity investments accounted for under the measurement alternative was million and million as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For fiscal 2024, the Company recorded a net unrealized gain of million. For fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded net unrealized losses of million and million, respectively, which included impairments of million and million for the same respective periods. These amounts are reflected in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 business days. The fair value of the Company's derivatives with credit contingent features in a net liability position was million and million at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, most of which were fully collateralized within business days. 
 Under the Company's derivative contracts, the counterparty can terminate all outstanding trades following a covered change of control event affecting the Company that results in the surviving entity being rated below a specified credit rating. This credit contingent provision did not affect the Company's financial position or cash flows as of October 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 The Company issues long-term debt in U.S. dollars based on market conditions at the time of financing. The Company may enter into fair value hedges, such as interest rate swaps, to reduce the exposure of its debt portfolio to changes in fair value resulting from changes in interest rates by achieving a primarily U.S. dollar LIBOR-based floating interest rate which was replaced with SOFR starting in July of fiscal 2023. The swap transactions generally involve principal and interest obligations for U.S. dollar-denominated amounts. Alternatively, the Company may choose not to swap fixed for floating interest payments or may terminate a previously executed swap if it believes a larger proportion of fixed-rate debt would be beneficial. When investing in fixed-rate instruments, the Company may enter into interest rate swaps that convert the fixed interest payments into variable interest payments and may designate these swaps as fair value hedges. 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the Company recognizes the change in fair value of the derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item, in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the period of change. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company uses forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in its forecasted net revenue and, to a lesser extent, cost of sales, operating expenses, and intercompany loans denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company's foreign currency cash flow hedges mature generally 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ; however, forward contracts associated with sales-type and direct-financing leases and intercompany loans extend for the duration of the lease or loan term, which can extend up to . 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, and as long as they remain highly effective, the Company records the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subsequently reclassifies these amounts into earnings in the same financial statement line item when the hedged transaction is recognized. 
 In connection with the Company s pending acquisition of Juniper Networks and related debt issuances, the Company entered into interest rate locks for an aggregate notional amount of billion. These contracts were settled in fiscal 2024, the Company recognized a loss of million in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company uses forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is the local currency. The Company records the changes in the fair value of the hedged items in cumulative translation adjustment as a separate component of equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other Derivatives 
 Other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist primarily of forward contracts used to hedge foreign currency-denominated balance sheet exposures. The Company also uses total return swaps, based on equity or fixed income indices, to hedge its executive deferred compensation plan liability. 
 For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, the Company recognizes changes in fair value of the derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item, in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the period of change. 
 Hedge Effectiveness 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Cash Flow Hedges: Foreign currency contracts Net Investment Hedges: Foreign currency contracts Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Foreign currency contracts Other derivatives Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives 
 Offsetting of Derivative Instruments 
 The Company recognizes all derivative instruments on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company's derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and collateral security arrangements. The Company does not offset the fair value of its derivative instruments against the fair value of cash collateral posted under collateral security agreements. 
 (1) Derivative liabilities (2) N/A 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 (1) Derivative liabilities (2) 
 
 (1) business days prior to the respective reporting date. 
 (2) business days prior to the respective reporting date. As of October 31, 2024, million of collateral posted was entirely through the re-use of counterparty collateral. As of October 31, 2023, of the million of collateral posted, million was in cash and million was through the re-use of counterparty collateral.) Long-term debt )) ) Interest rate locks ) Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship Foreign exchange contracts ) Total ) ) 
 As of October 31, 2024, the Company expects to reclassify an estimated net accumulated other comprehensive gain of approximately million, net of taxes, to earnings in the next twelve months along with the earnings effects of the related forecasted transactions associated with cash flow hedges. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) ) Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships: Interest Rate Contracts Hedged items ) ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships: Foreign Exchange Contracts Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income ) ) Gains (Losses) on Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Foreign exchange contracts ) Other derivatives ) ) Total gains (losses) ) ) 
 
 Note 14: 
 Commercial paper Notes payable to banks, lines of credit and other Total notes payable and short-term borrowings 
 
 (1) billion associated with the current portion of the Company issued asset-backed debt securities. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 issued at discount to par at a price of in September 2024 at , due September 25, 2026, interest payable semi-annually on March 25 and September 25 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in September 2024 at , due September 25, 2027, interest payable semi-annually on March 25 and September 25 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in September 2024 at , due October 15, 2029, interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in September 2024 at , due October 15, 2031, interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in September 2024 at , due October 15, 2034, interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in September 2024 at , due October 15, 2054, interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year 
 issued at premium to par at a price of in June 2023 at , due October 1, 2024, interest payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in June 2023 at , due July 1, 2028, interest payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in March 2023 at , due April 1, 2026, interest payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in March 2023 at , due October 1, 2024, interest payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in July 2020 at , due April 1, 2024, interest payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in July 2020 at , due April 1, 2026, interest payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in October 2015 at , due October 15, 2025, interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in October 2015 at , due October 15, 2035, interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year 
 issued at discount to par at a price of in October 2015 at , due October 15, 2045, interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Asset-Backed Debt Securities issued in June 2024, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from July 2024 
 issued in January 2024, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from February 2024 
 issued in September 2023, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from October 2023 with a stated final maturity of July 2031 
 issued in March 2023 and April 2023, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from April 2023 with a stated final maturity of April 2028 
 issued in October 2022, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from November 2022 with a stated final maturity date of August 2029 
 issued in May 2022, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from July 2022 with a stated final maturity date of March 2030 
 issued in January 2022, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from March 2022 with a stated final maturity date of November 2029 
 issued in June 2021, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from August 2021 with a stated final maturity date of March 2029 
 issued in March 2021, in tranches at a weighted average price of and a weighted average interest rate of , payable monthly from April 2021 with a stated final maturity date of March 2031 
 Other, including finance lease obligations, at - , due in calendar years 2024-2030 (1) 
 Fair value adjustment related to hedged debt ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current portion ) ) Total long-term debt 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million and million as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of borrowing- and funding-related activity associated with FS and its subsidiaries that are collateralized by receivables and underlying assets associated with the related finance and operating leases. For both the periods presented, the carrying amount of the assets approximated the carrying amount of the borrowings. 
 Interest expense Interest and other, net Total interest expense 
 As disclosed in Note 13, Financial Instruments, the Company used interest rate swaps to mitigate the exposure of its fixed rate debt to changes in fair value resulting from changes in interest rates, or hedge the variability of cash flows in the interest payments associated with its variable-rate debt. Interest rates on long-term debt in the table above have not been adjusted to reflect the impact of any interest rate swaps. 
 Commercial Paper 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise maintains commercial paper programs, the Parent Programs, and a wholly-owned subsidiary maintains a third program. The Parent Program in the U.S. provides for the issuance of U.S. dollar-denominated commercial paper up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of billion. The Parent Program outside the U.S. provides for the issuance of commercial paper denominated in U.S. dollars, euros or British pounds up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of billion or the equivalent in those alternative currencies. The combined aggregate principal amount of commercial paper outstanding under those two programs at any one time cannot exceed the billion as authorized by Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Board of Directors. In addition, the Hewlett Packard Enterprise subsidiary's euro Commercial Paper/Certificate of Deposit Program provides for the issuance of commercial paper in various currencies of up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of billion. As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, borrowings were outstanding under the Parent Programs. As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, were outstanding under the subsidiary s program. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In September 2024, the Company terminated its prior senior unsecured revolving credit facility that was entered into in December 2021, and entered into a new senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an aggregate lending commitment of billion for a period of . The commitment comprised of (i) billion of commitments available immediately and (ii) million of commitments available from and subject to the closing of the Juniper Networks acquisition and refinancing of Juniper Networks credit agreement in connection with the closing of the Juniper Networks acquisition. As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, borrowings were outstanding under either credit facilities. 
 Uncommitted Credit facility 
 On September 21, 2023, the Company entered into a agreement with Societe Generale for an uncommitted short-term cash advance facility in the principal amount of up to million. As of October 31, 2024, borrowings were outstanding under this credit facility. 
 Juniper Networks Acquisition Committed Financing 
 In connection with HPE s signing a definitive agreement to acquire Juniper Networks in January 2024 (the Merger Agreement ), HPE entered into a commitment letter whereby HPE obtained a commitment from Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd. for a billion senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility, comprised of an billion tranche and a billion tranche, subject to customary conditions (the Term Loan Commitment Letter ). 
 In September 2024, HPE issued billion of senior unsecured notes. In addition, in furtherance of the Term Loan Commitment Letter, the Company entered into term loan agreements with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, Citibank, N.A., and 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 billion of senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facilities, comprised of an approximately billion tranche and a billion tranche, subject to customary conditions. The Company has since further reduced the commitments under the term loan to billion. Unless previously terminated, commitments under both the term loan and the term loan will terminate upon the earliest of (i) five business days after the Juniper Outside Date (as defined in such term loan agreements), (ii) the occurrence of the closing of the acquisition of Juniper Networks without the funding of any borrowings under either of the term loan agreements, and (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement by HPE in writing in accordance with its terms. As of October 31, 2024, borrowings were outstanding and HPE paid million of financing fees. 
 In connection with the entry into the aforementioned term loan and the term loan, on September 12, 2024, HPE terminated the Term Loan Commitment Letter. 
 Future Maturities of Borrowings 
 million, a net discount of million and unamortized debt issuance costs of million), including finance lease obligations were as follows: 
 Fiscal year In millions 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 15: 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassifications of losses into earnings Tax benefit (provision) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) 
 The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes as of October 31, 2023 and changes during fiscal 2023 were as follows: 
 Net unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges Unrealized components of defined benefit plans Cumulative translation adjustment Accumulated other comprehensive loss In millions Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Reclassifications of losses into earnings Tax benefit Balance at end of period ) ) ) 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassifications of (gains) losses into earnings ) ) Tax (provision) benefit ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) 
 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 In September 2024, the Company issued million shares of Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ), for an aggregate purchase price of billion, less issuance costs of million. As of October 31, 2024, million shares of the Preferred Stock were outstanding. 
 Unless converted earlier in accordance with its terms, each share of Preferred Stock will automatically convert on the mandatory conversion date, which is expected to be September 1, 2027, into between shares and shares of common stock, in each case, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments described in the certificate of designations related to the Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ). The number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion will be determined based on the average volume weighted average price per share of common stock over the consecutive trading day period beginning on, and including, the 21st scheduled trading day immediately prior to September 1, 2027. 
 Holders of shares of Preferred Stock have the option to convert all or any portion of their shares of Preferred Stock at any time. The conversion rate applicable to any early conversion may, in certain circumstances, be increased to compensate holders of the Preferred Stock for unpaid accumulated dividends as described in the Certificate of Designations. 
 If a Fundamental Change, as defined in the Certificate of Designations, occurs on or prior to September 1, 2027, then holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert all or any portion of their Preferred Stock at the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate, into between shares and shares of common stock, in all cases, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments described in the Certificate of Designations, for a specified period of time and to also receive an amount to compensate them for unpaid accumulated dividends and any remaining future scheduled dividend payments. The Preferred Stock is not subject to redemption at the Company s option. 
 Dividends 
 The stockholders of HPE common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by the Board of Directors. The Company s ability to pay dividends will depend on many factors, such as its financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in its debt, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Furthermore, so long as any share of its Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend on shares of common stock (or any other class of stock junior to the Preferred Stock) shall be declared or paid unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding dividend periods for the Preferred Stock have been declared and paid in full in cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination thereof, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of its common stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends, on all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock. Dividends declared were and per common share in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On December 05, 2024, the Company declared a regular cash dividend of per share on the Company's common stock, payable on January 16, 2025, to the stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 20, 2024. 
 Dividends on the Preferred Stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, at an annual rate of on the liquidation of preference of per share. The Company may pay declared dividends in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of its common stock or in any combination of cash and shares of its common stock on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 per share of its Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which was paid on December 1, 2024, to holders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2024. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On October 13, 2015, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program with a billion authorization, which was refreshed with additional share repurchase authorizations of billion, billion and billion on May 24, 2016, October 16, 2017 and February 21, 2018, respectively. This program, which does not have a specific expiration date, authorizes repurchases in the open market or in private transactions. 
 In fiscal 2024, the Company repurchased and settled a total of million shares under its share repurchase program through open market repurchases, which included million shares that were unsettled open market repurchases as of October 31, 2023. Additionally, the Company had unsettled open market repurchases of million shares as of October 31, 2024. Shares repurchased during the fiscal 2024 were recorded as a million reduction to stockholders' equity. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had a remaining authorization of approximately billion for future share repurchases. 
 In fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased and settled a total of million shares under its share repurchase program through open market repurchases, which included million shares that were unsettled open market repurchases as of October 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company had unsettled open market repurchases of million shares as of October 31, 2023. Shares repurchased during the fiscal 2023 were recorded as a billion reduction to stockholders' equity. 
 
 Note 16: 
 
 Plus: Series C mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends 
 Net earnings - Diluted Denominator: Weighted-average shares used to compute basic net EPS Dilutive effect of employee stock plans (1) 
 Dilutive effect of Series C mandatory convertible preferred stock (1) 
 Weighted-average shares used to compute diluted net EPS Net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive weighted-average stock awards (2) 

(1) The impact of dilutive effect of employee stock plans is calculated under the treasury stock method, and the impact of dilutive effect of the Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is calculated under the if-converted method. 
 (2) 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 17: 
 HP India employees and former HP India employee alleging that HP India underpaid customs duties while importing products and spare parts into India and seeking to recover an aggregate of approximately million, plus penalties. On April 11, 2012, the Bangalore Commissioner of Customs issued an order on the products-related notices affirming duties and penalties against HP India and the named individuals for approximately million. On April 20, 2012, the Commissioner issued an order on the spare parts-related notice affirming duties and penalties against HP India and certain of the named individuals for approximately million. HP India filed appeals of the Commissioner s orders before the Customs Tribunal. The Customs Department filed cross-appeals before the Customs Tribunal. On October 27, 2014, the Customs Tribunal commenced hearings on the cross-appeals of the Commissioner's orders. The Customs Tribunal rejected HP India's request to return the matter to the Commissioner on procedural grounds. The hearings before the Customs Tribunal were subsequently delayed, have been postponed on several occasions since 2014, and have not yet been rescheduled. 
 ECT Proceedings . In January 2011, the postal service of Brazil, Empresa Brasileira de Correios e Tel grafos ECT ), notified a former subsidiary of HP Inc. in Brazil HP Brazil that it had initiated administrative proceedings to consider whether to suspend HP Brazil's right to bid and contract with ECT related to alleged improprieties in the bidding and contracting processes whereby employees of HP Brazil and employees of several other companies allegedly coordinated their bids and fixed results for ECT contracts in 2007 and 2008. In late July 2011, ECT notified HP Brazil it had decided to 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 , based upon the evidence before it. In August 2011, HP Brazil appealed ECT's decision. In April 2013, ECT rejected HP Brazil's appeal, and the administrative proceedings were closed with the penalties against HP Brazil remaining in place. In parallel, in September 2011, HP Brazil filed a civil action against ECT seeking to have ECT s decision revoked. HP Brazil also requested an injunction suspending the application of the penalties until a final ruling on the merits of the case, which was denied. HP Brazil appealed the denial of its request for injunctive relief to the intermediate appellate court, which issued a preliminary ruling denying the request for injunctive relief but reducing the length of the sanctions from five to . HP Brazil appealed that decision and, in December 2011, obtained a ruling staying enforcement of ECT's sanctions until a final ruling on the merits of the case. HP Brazil expects a resolution of the decision on the merits to take several years. 
 Forsyth, et al. vs. HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. This purported class and collective action was filed on August 18, 2016 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, against HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (collectively, Defendants alleging Defendants violated the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, California public policy and the California Business and Professions Code by terminating older workers and replacing them with younger workers. Plaintiffs seek to certify a nationwide collective action under the ADEA comprised of individuals aged 40 years and older who had their employment terminated by an HP entity pursuant to a work force reduction WFR plan. Plaintiffs also seek to certify a class under California law consisting of all persons years or older employed by Defendants in the state of California and terminated pursuant to a WFR plan on or after August 18, 2012. On April 14, 2021, Plaintiffs Motion for Conditional Class Certification was granted. The conditionally certified collective action consists of all individuals who had their employment terminated by Defendants pursuant to a WFR Plan on or after November 1, 2015, and who were 40 years or older at the time of such termination. The collective action excludes all individuals who signed a Waiver and General Release Agreement or an Agreement to Arbitrate Claims. The parties have reached an agreement to resolve this matter. Plaintiffs filed a Motion for Preliminary Approval of the Class Action and Collective Action Settlement on September 21, 2023. On November 3, 2023, the Court issued an order granting preliminary approval to the Class Action and Collective Action Settlement. On March 29, 2024, the Court granted Final Approval to the settlement following a Fairness Hearing on the parties Motion for Final Approval. Judgment has been entered by the Court and the matter is now closed. 
 Q3 Networking Litigation. On September 21 and September 22, 2020, Q3 Networking LLC filed complaints against HPE, Aruba Networks, Commscope and Netgear in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware and the United States International Trade Commission ITC ). Both complaints allege infringement of patents, and the ITC complaint defines the accused products as routers, access points, controllers, network management servers, other networking products, and hardware and software components thereof. The ITC action was instituted on October 23, 2020. The District of Delaware action has been stayed pending resolution of the ITC action. On December 7, 2021, the Administrative Law Judge issued his initial determination finding no violation of section 337 of the Tariff Act. On May 3, 2022, the ITC issued its Notice of Final Determination, affirming the initial determination and terminating the investigation. On June 18, 2022, Q3 Networking filed a petition for review of the ITC ruling with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. On May 10, 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the ITC s ruling in favor of HPE and Aruba Networks. Q3 Networking has not sought further review of the Federal Circuit s ruling and HPE considers the matter closed. 
 R2 Semiconductor Patent Litigation. In November 2022, R2 Semiconductor, Inc. R2 filed a lawsuit in the Dusseldorf Regional Court in Germany against Intel Deutschland GmbH, Hewlett-Packard GmbH, and other Intel customers. R2 asserts that one European patent is infringed by certain Intel processors and the HPE products that contain those Intel processors. On February 7, 2024, the Dusseldorf Regional Court ruled in R2 s favor, issuing an injunction that, if enforced by R2, would prevent the sale in Germany of any products with infringing Intel processors, and require HPE to correspond with its direct customers in Germany requesting return of the products with infringing Intel processors. The injunction would remain in place unless the ruling is overturned on appeal, the patent is invalidated by the German Federal Patent Court, or the matter is resolved by the parties. On February 8, 2024, HPE, Intel, HP Inc., and Dell filed an appeal and request for a stay of the judgment pending appeal. On April 9, 2024 the request for a stay pending appeal was denied. On April 3, 2024, R2 filed a lawsuit in France in the first instance court in Paris (Tribunal judiciare de Paris) against Intel Corporation, Intel Corporation SAS, Intel Deutschland GmbH, HP France SAS and certain other Intel customers. In May 2024, R2 filed suit in Milan against Intel Corporation Italia S.P.A., Hewlett-Packard Italiana S.r.l., and certain other Intel customers. R2 asserts the same European patent is infringed in both the French and Italian actions. On August 30, 2024, Intel and R2 publicly announced an agreement to dismiss all litigation between the two companies that would include dismissal of all litigation against all subsidiaries of HPE in the foregoing actions. Pursuant to that agreement, the Italian lawsuit was dismissed on September 2, 2024, the German lawsuit was dismissed on September 4, 2024, and the French Lawsuit was dismissed on September 6, 2024. These matters are now 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 billion. These unconditional purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the Company and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction, as well as settlements that the Company has reached with third parties, requiring it to pay determined amounts over a specified period of time. These unconditional purchase obligations are related principally to inventory purchases, software maintenance and support services and other items. Unconditional purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable without penalty. The Company expects the commitments to total million, million, million, million, and million, for fiscal years 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, and 2029, respectively. There are unconditional purchase obligations subsequent to fiscal year 2029. 
 
 Note 18: 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million as of October 31, 2024. 
 Indemnifications 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into contractual arrangements under which the Company may agree to indemnify a third party to such arrangement from any losses incurred relating to the services they perform on behalf of the Company or for losses arising from certain events as defined within the particular contract, which may include, for example, litigation or claims relating to past performance. The Company also provides indemnifications to certain vendors and customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use by such vendors and customers of the Company's software products and support services and certain other matters. Some indemnifications may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. Historically, payments made related to these indemnifications have been immaterial. 
 General Cross-indemnifications 
 In connection with the Separation, Everett and Seattle Transactions, the Company entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement with HP Inc., DXC and Micro Focus respectively, whereby the Company agreed to indemnify HP Inc., DXC and Micro Focus, each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers and employees from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to the Company as part of the Separation, Everett and Seattle Transactions. Similarly, HP Inc., DXC and Micro Focus agreed to indemnify the Company, each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers and employees from and against all claims and liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to HP Inc., DXC and Micro Focus as part of the Separation, Everett and Seattle Transactions. 
 Tax Matters Agreement with DXC/Micro Focus and Other Income Tax Matters 
 In connection with the Everett Transaction and the Seattle Transaction, the Company entered into a Tax Matters Agreement with DXC and Micro Focus respectively (the DXC Tax Matters Agreement and the Micro Focus Tax Matters Agreement ). The DXC Tax Matters Agreement and the Micro Focus Tax Matters Agreement govern the rights and obligations of the Company and DXC/Micro Focus for certain pre-divestiture tax liabilities and tax receivables. The DXC Tax Matters Agreement and the Micro Focus Tax Matters Agreement generally provide that the Company will be responsible for pre-divestiture tax liabilities and will be entitled to pre-divestiture tax receivables that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to the Company's and DXC's, or Micro Focus', as applicable, U.S. and certain non-U.S. tax returns. In certain jurisdictions, the Company and DXC/Micro Focus have joint and several liability for past tax liabilities and accordingly, the Company could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such liabilities and required to make additional tax payments. 
 In addition, if the distribution of Everett's or Seattle's common shares to Hewlett Packard Enterprise's stockholders is determined to be taxable, the Company would generally bear the tax liability, unless the taxability of the distribution is the direct result of actions taken by DXC/Micro Focus, in which case DXC/Micro Focus would be responsible for any taxes imposed on the distribution. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Payable Income Tax-Related Indemnification (1) 
 Net indemnification receivable - long-term 
 Net indemnification receivable - short-term 

(1) 
 
 Note 19: 
 of the total issued share capital of H3C. On May 26, 2023, the Company s relevant subsidiaries entered into a Put Share Purchase Agreement with UNIS, whereby UNIS has agreed to purchase all of the H3C shares held by the Company, through its subsidiaries. On May 24, 2024, the Company s relevant subsidiaries entered into (i) an Amended and Restated Put Share Purchase Agreement with UNIS, whereby its relevant subsidiaries shall sell to UNIS of the total issued share capital of H3C for pre-tax cash consideration of approximately billion by August 31, 2024 (the Sale Transaction ), and (ii) an Agreement on Subsequent Arrangements with UNIS, whereby upon closing of the Sale Transaction, the Company s relevant subsidiary shall have a put option to sell to UNIS and UNIS shall have a call option to purchase from the Company s relevant subsidiary of the total issued share capital of H3C for pre-tax cash consideration of approximately billion between the 16 th month and until the 36 th month after the Sale Transaction. The transactions referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above, taken together, revise the arrangements governing the aforementioned sale of all of the H3C shares held by the Company, through its subsidiaries and are subject to certain grace periods and regulatory approvals. On September 4, 2024, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Put Share Purchase Agreement with UNIS (as described above), the Company received billion of pre-tax consideration billion post-tax), in connection with the sale to UNIS of of the total issued share capital of H3C resulting in a gain of million. As of October 31, 2024, the Company's Investments in equity interests was million and primarily related to a equity interest in H3C. As of October 31, 2023, the Company's Investments in equity interests was billion and primarily related to a equity interest in H3C. 
 As of October 31, 2024, the difference between the cost of the investment and the underlying equity in the net assets of the investment is million. As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company determined that impairment of its equity method investments existed. 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, the components of which are as follows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Earnings from equity interests, net of taxes Basis difference amortization ) ) ) Adjustment of profit on intra-entity sales 
 ) ) Earnings from equity interests 
 For fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company received a cash dividend of million and million, respectively, from H3C. These amounts were accounted for as a return on investment and reflected as a reduction in the carrying balance of the Company's Investments in equity interests in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company also has commercial arrangements with H3C to buy and sell HPE branded servers, storage and networking products and services. For fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, HPE recorded approximately million, million and million of sales to H3C and million, million and million of purchases from H3C, respectively. Payables due to H3C as of October 31, 2024 and 2023 were approximately million and million, respectively. Receivables due from H3C as of October 31, 2024 and 2023 were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information relating to the Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 See Management s Report of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our internal control over financial reporting in Item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that there has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting during that quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information. 
 The Company filed a Corrected Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 17, 2024, to correct a scrivener s error in the Certificate of Designations that was previously filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 12, 2024, governing the powers, preferences and rights of the 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. This newly filed Corrected Certificate of Designations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.8. 
 Trading Plans 
 During the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408. 
 Exchange Act Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 On March 2, 2021, the U.S. Secretary of State designated the Russian Federal Security Service FSB as a party subject to the provisions of U.S. Executive Order No. 13382 issued in 2005 Executive Order 13382 ). On the same day, the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC updated General License 1B General License 1B which generally authorizes U.S. companies to engage in certain licensing, permitting, certification, notification, and related transactions with the FSB as may be required for the importation, distribution, or use of information technology products in the Russian Federation. Our local Russian subsidiary HPE Russia may be required to engage with the FSB as a licensing authority and to file documents. There are no gross revenues or net profits directly associated with any such dealings by HPE with the FSB and all such dealings are explicitly authorized by General License 1B. We plan to continue these activities as required to support our orderly and managed wind down of our Russia operations. 
 On April 15, 2021, the U.S. Government issued an executive order on Blocking Property with Respect to Specified Harmful Foreign Activities of the Government of the Russian Federation Executive Order 14024 ), implementing additional U.S. sanctions against the Russian government and against Russian actors that threaten U.S. interests, including certain technology companies that support the Russian Intelligence Service. The U.S. Secretary of the Treasury designated Pozitiv Teknolodzhiz, AO Positive Technologies under Executive Order 14024 and Executive Order 13382. HPE Russia had dealings with Positive Technologies prior to its designation. Following the sanctions designation, HPE Russia immediately initiated procedures to terminate its relationship with Positive Technologies. HPE does not plan to engage in any further 
 139 

Table of Contents 

transactions with this entity, except wind down activities that are authorized by OFAC going forward. HPE Russia continues to have blocked property associated with Positive Technologies. No action will be taken unless and until a license is received from OFAC authorizing collection of the property. There are no identifiable gross revenues or net profits associated with HPE s activities related to Positive Technologies for this reporting period. 
 For a summary of our revenue recognition policies, see Revenue Recognition described in Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 140 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The names of the executive officers of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and their ages, titles and biographies as of the date hereof are incorporated by reference from Part I, Item 1, above. 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise has insider trading policies and procedures applicable to our directors, officers, and employees, that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. Our insider trading policy, among other things, (i) prohibits our employees and related persons and entities from trading in securities of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and certain other companies while in possession of material, non-public information, (ii) prohibits our employees from disclosing material, non-public information of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, or another publicly traded company, to others who may trade on the basis of that information, and (iii) requires that certain designated individuals and roles of the Company only transact in Hewlett Packard Enterprise securities during an open window period, subject to limited exceptions. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Form 10-K. 
 The following information will be included in Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Proxy Statement related to its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days after Hewlett Packard Enterprise's fiscal year end of October 31, 2024 (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding (i) directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, including those who are standing for reelection and any persons nominated to become directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and (ii) any family relationships between any director, executive officer, or person nominated to become a director or executive officer, is set forth under Our Board Board Leadership Structure and/or Proposals to be Voted On Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors. 
 Information regarding Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Audit Committee and designated audit committee financial experts is set forth under Our Board Committees of the Board Audit Committee. 
 Information regarding Hewlett Packard Enterprise's code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, also known as the Standards of Business Conduct, and on Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Corporate Governance Guidelines is set forth under Governance Governance Documents. 
 Information regarding Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Audit Committee is set forth under Our Board Committees of the Board Audit Committee and Audit-Related Matters Audit Committee Overview. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The following information will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding Hewlett Packard Enterprise's compensation of its named executive officers is set forth under Executive Compensation. 
 Information regarding Hewlett Packard Enterprise's compensation of its directors is set forth under Our Board Director Compensation and Stock Ownership Guidelines. 
 Information regarding compensation committee interlocks and insider participation is set forth under Our Board Committees of the Board Compensation HR and Compensation Committee Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. 
 The report of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's HR and Compensation Committee is set forth under Executive Compensation HRC Committee Report on Executive Compensation. 
 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following information will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners, directors and executive officers is set forth under Governance Stock Ownership Information Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 Information regarding Hewlett Packard Enterprise's equity compensation plans, including both stockholder approved plans and non-stockholder approved plans, is set forth in the section entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The following information will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding transactions with related persons is set forth under Governance Related Persons Transactions Policies and Procedures. 
 Information regarding director independence is set forth under Governance Director Independence. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Information regarding principal accounting fees and services will be set forth under Proposals to be Voted On Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accounting Fees and Services and Audit-Related Matters Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 142 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. All Financial Statements: 
 The following financial statements are filed as part of this report under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 73 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 78 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto in Item 8 above. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 A list of exhibits filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K (or incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed or furnished by Hewlett Packard Enterprise) is provided in the accompanying Exhibit Index. Hewlett Packard Enterprise will furnish copies of exhibits for a reasonable fee (covering the expense of furnishing copies) upon request. Stockholders may request exhibits copies by contacting: 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 Attn: Investor Relations 
 1701 E. Mossy Oaks Road 
 Spring, Texas 77389 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2015, by and among Hewlett-Packard Company, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and the Other Parties Thereto 
 8-K 001-37483 2.1 November 5, 2015 2.2 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2015, by and between Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 8-K 001-37483 2.2 November 5, 2015 2.3 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2015, by and between Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 8-K 001-37483 2.4 November 5, 2015 2.4 Real Estate Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2015, by and between Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 8-K 001-37483 2.5 November 5, 2015 2.5 Master Commercial Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2015, by and between Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 8-K 001-37483 2.6 November 5, 2015 2.6 Information Technology Service Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2015, by and between Hewlett-Packard Company and HP Enterprise Services, LLC 
 8-K 001-37483 2.7 November 5, 2015 2.7 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 24, 2016, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Everett SpinCo, Inc., Computer Sciences Corporation, and Everett Merger Sub, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.1 May 26, 2016 2.8 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2016, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Everett SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.2 May 26, 2016 2.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 7, 2016, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Seattle SpinCo, Inc., Micro Focus International plc, Seattle Holdings, Inc. and Seattle MergerSub, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.1 September 7, 2016 2.10 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2016, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Seattle SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.2 September 7, 2016 2.11 First Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 2, 2016, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Everett SpinCo, Inc., New Everett Merger Sub Inc., Computer Sciences Corporation, and Everett Merger Sub, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.1 November 2, 2016 2.12 First Amendment to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2016, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Everett SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.2 November 2, 2016 2.13 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 6, 2017, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Nebraska Merger Sub, Inc., and Nimble Storage, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 99.1 March 7, 2017 2.14 Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2017, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Nebraska Merger Sub, Inc. and each of the persons set forth on Schedule A thereto 
 8-K 001-37483 99.2 March 7, 2017 2.15 Tax Matters Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Everett SpinCo, Inc., and Computer Sciences Corporation 
 8-K 001-38033 2.2 April 6, 2017 2.16 IP Matters Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, and Everett SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38033 2.3 April 6, 2017 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 2.17 Transition Services Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Everett SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38033 2.4 April 6, 2017 2.18 Real Estate Matters Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Everett SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38033 2.5 April 6, 2017 2.19 Fourth Amendment to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Everett SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38033 2.6 April 6, 2017 2.20 Tax Matters Agreement, dated September 1, 2017, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Seattle SpinCo, Inc., and Micro Focus International plc 
 8-K 001-37483 2.1 September 1, 2017 2.21 Intellectual Property Matters Agreement, dated September 1, 2017, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, and Seattle SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.2 September 1, 2017 2.22 Transition Services Agreement, dated September 1, 2017, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Seattle SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.3 September 1, 2017 2.23 Real Estate Matters Agreement, dated September 1, 2017, by and between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and Seattle SpinCo, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37483 2.4 September 1, 2017 2.24 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 9, 2024, by and among Juniper Networks, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, and Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc. (certain schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5)). 
 8-K 001-37483 2.1 January 10, 2024 3.1 Registrant's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-37483 3.1 November 5, 2015 3.2 Registrant's Second Amended and Restated Bylaws effective September 27, 2023 
 8-K 001-37483 3.1 September 28, 2023 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 8-K 001-37483 3.1 March 20, 2017 3.4 Certificate of Designation of Series B Junior Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 8-K 001-37483 3.2 March 20, 2017 3.5 Registrant's Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-37483 3.1 April 12, 2024 3.6 Registrant's Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-37483 3.2 April 12, 2024 3.7 Certificate of Designations of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 8-K 001-37483 3.1 September 13, 2024 3.8 Corrected Certificate of Designations of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2015, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
 8-K 001-37483 4.1 October 13, 2015 4.2 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2015, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company's 4.900 notes due 2025 
 8-K 001-37483 4.6 October 13, 2015 4.3 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2015, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company's 6.200 notes due 2035 
 8-K 001-37483 4.7 October 13, 2015 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 4.4 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2015, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company's 6.350 notes due 2045 
 8-K 001-37483 4.8 October 13, 2015 4.5 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 17, 2020, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company's 1.750 notes due 2026 
 8-K 001-37483 4.3 July 17, 2020 4.6 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 21, 2023, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 5.900 notes due 2024 
 8-K 001-37483 4.2 March 21, 2023 4.7 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 21, 2023, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 6.102 notes due 2026 
 8-K 001-37483 4.3 March 21, 2023 4.8 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2023, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 5.250 notes due 2028 
 8-K 001-37483 4.3 June 14, 2023 4.9 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2024, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 4.450 notes due 2026. 
 8-K 001-37483 4.2 September 26, 2024 4.10 Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2024, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 4.400 notes due 2027. 
 8-K 001-37483 4.3 September 26, 2024 4.11 Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2024, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 4.550 notes due 2029. 
 8-K 001-37483 4.4 September 26, 2024 4.12 Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2024, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 4.850 notes due 2031. 
 8-K 001-37483 4.5 September 26, 2024 4.13 Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2024, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 5.000 notes due 2034. 
 8-K 001-37483 4.6 September 26, 2024 4.14 Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2024, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company s 5.600 notes due 2054. 
 8-K 001-37483 4.7 September 26, 2024 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 4.15 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2015, by and among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Hewlett-Packard Company, and the representatives of the initial purchasers of the Notes 
 8-K 001-37483 4.12 October 13, 2015 4.16 Form of Subordinated Indenture between Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
 S-3ASR 333-222102 4.5 December 15, 2017 4.17 Form of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (included in Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2024, which is incorporated by ref e rence) 
 8-K 001-37483 3.1 September 13, 2024 4.18 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10.1 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (amended and restated January 25, 2017) 
 8-K 001-37483 10.1 January 30, 2017 10.2 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-255839 4.4 May 6, 2021 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-265378 4.7 June 2, 2022 10.4 Amendment No. 2 to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-37483 10.1 April 6, 2023 10.5 Amendment No. 3 to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-37483 10.1 April 12, 2024 10.6 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Severance and Long-Term Incentive Change in Control Plan for Executive Officers 
 10-12B/A 001-37483 10.4 September 28, 2015 10.7 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Grandfathered Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 S-8 333-207679 4.4 October 30, 2015 10.8 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement 
 8-K 001-37483 10.4 November 5, 2015 10.9 Cloud Technology Partners, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-221254 4.3 November 1, 2017 10.10 Amendment to the Cloud Technology Partners, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-221254 4.4 November 1, 2017 10.11 Plexxi Inc. 2011 Stock Plan 
 S-8 333-226181 4.3 July 16, 2018 10.12 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated on July 18, 2018, effective as of October 8, 2015) 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.29 September 4, 2018 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.30 September 4, 2018 10.14 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated December 1, 2018) 
 10-K 001-37483 10.27 December 12, 2018 10.15 First Amendment to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company Severance and Long-Term Incentive Change in Control Plan for Executive Officers 
 10-K 001-37483 10.29 December 12, 2018 10.16 BlueData Software Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-229449 4.3 January 31, 2019 10.17 Cray Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated June 11, 2019) 
 S-8 333-234033 4.3 October 1, 2019 10.18 Termination and Mutual Release Agreement dated as of October 30, 2019 by and between HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 10-K 001-37483 10.31 December 13, 2019 10.19 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2019, between Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Antonio Neri 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.32 March 9, 2020 10.20 Silver Peak Systems, Inc. (fka Cheyenne Networks, Inc.) 2004 Stock Plan, as amended 
 S-8 333-249731 4.4 October 29, 2020 
 147 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 10.21 2021 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement 
 10-K 001-37483 10.30 December 10, 2021 10.22 2021 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Performance-Adjusted Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement 
 10-K 001-37483 10.31 December 10, 2021 10.23 Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of December 10, 2021 among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, the Lenders Party Hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Processing Agent and Co-Administrative Agent and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.33 March 3, 2022 10.24 2021 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Performance-Adjusted Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement (for grants beginning December 2022) 
 10-K 001-37483 10.31 December 8, 2022 10.25 2021 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement (for grants beginning April 2023) 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.32 June 2, 2023 10.26 OpsRamp, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.33 June 2, 2023 10.27 Put Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 26, 2023, among H3C Holdings Limited, Izar Holding Co., and Unisplendour International Technology Limited (portions omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv)) 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.34 June 2, 2023 10.28 2021 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement (for grants beginning December 2023) 
 10-K 001-37483 10.34 December 22, 2023 10.29 2021 Stock Incentive Plan - Form of Performance-Adjusted Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement (for grants beginning December 2023) 
 10-K 001-37483 10.35 December 22, 2023 10.30 Amended and Restated Put Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 24, 2024, among H3C Holdings Limited, Izar Holding Co., and Unisplendour International Technology Limited (certain schedules, exhibits, and portions omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5) and Item 601(b)(10)(iv)) 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.37 September 5, 2024 10.31 Agreement on Subsequent Arrangements, dated May 24, 2024, between H3C Holdings Limited and Unisplendour International Technology Limited (certain schedules, exhibits, and portions omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5) and Item 601(b)(10)(iv)) 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.38 September 5, 2024 10.32 Amendment Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2024, amending the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of December 10, 2021 among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, the Lenders Party Hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Processing Agent and Co-Administrative Agent and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agent (certain schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5)) 
 10-Q 001-37483 10.39 September 5, 2024 10.33 Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2024, among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, the Borrowing Subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Processing Agent and Co-Administrative Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-37483 10.1 September 12, 2024 10.34 364-Day Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2024, among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Processing Agent and Co-Administrative Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-37483 10.2 September 12, 2024 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 10.35 Three-Year Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2024, among Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Processing Agent and Co-Administrative Agent, and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-37483 10.3 September 12, 2024 19 Insider Trading Policy 
 21 Subsidiaries of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 97 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy 
 10-K 001-37483 97 December 22, 2023 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments) 
 
 Indicates management contract or compensation plan, contract or arrangement 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 The registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission supplementally upon request a copy of any instrument with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith as to which the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 149 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: December 19, 2024 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY By: /s/ Marie Myers Marie Myers 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Marie Myers, John F. Schultz and David Antczak, or any of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that either of said attorneys-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title(s) Date /s/ Antonio F. Neri President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) December 19, 2024 
 Antonio F. Neri /s/ Marie Myers Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) December 19, 2024 
 Marie Myers /s/ Jeremy K. Cox Senior Vice President, Controller, and Chief Tax Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) December 19, 2024 
 Jeremy K. Cox /s/ Patricia F. Russo Chairman December 19, 2024 
 Patricia F. Russo /s/ Pamela L. Carter Director December 19, 2024 
 Pamela L. Carter /s/ Regina E. Dugan Director December 19, 2024 
 Regina E. Dugan /s/ Frank A. D Amelio Director December 19, 2024 
 Frank A. D Amelio /s/ Jean M. Hobby Director December 19, 2024 
 Jean M. Hobby /s/ Raymond J. Lane Director December 19, 2024 
 Raymond J. Lane 
 150 

Table of Contents 

/s/ Ann M. Livermore Director December 19, 2024 
 Ann M. Livermore /s/ Bethany J. Mayer Director December 19, 2024 
 Bethany J. Mayer /s/ Charles H. Noski Director December 19, 2024 
 Charles H. Noski /s/ Raymond E. Ozzie Director December 19, 2024 
 Raymond E. Ozzie /s/ Gary M. Reiner Director December 19, 2024 
 Gary M. Reiner 
 151 

<EX-3.8>
 2
 ex-38xcorrectedcertificate.htm
 EX-3.8

Document 

Exhibit 3.8 
 CORRECTED CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS 
 OF 
 7.625 SERIES C MANDATORY CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 
 OF 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies as follows 
 
 1. The Certificate of Designations of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the Corporation (the Series C Certificate of Designations was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 12, 2024, and the Series C Certificate of Designations requires correction as permitted by subsection (f) of Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 2. The inaccuracy or defect of such Series C Certificate of Designations to be corrected is that, due to a scrivener s error, in Section 11(a)(ii), the Series C Certificate of Designations provides for a discount rate of 6.07 rather than a discount rate of 4.67 . 
 3. The Series C Certificate of Designations is corrected to read in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer has executed this Corrected Certificate of Designations of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on December 17, 2024. 
 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY 
 By s David Antczak Name David Antczak Title Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Exhibit A 
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS 
 OF 
 7.625 SERIES C MANDATORY CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 
 OF 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 103, 141 and 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, (a) on September 4, 2024, the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors ), at the recommendation of the duly formed Finance and Investment Committee of the Board of Directors and pursuant to authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as such may be amended, modified or restated from time to time, the Charter ), authorized the formation of a Pricing Committee of the Board of Directors (the Pricing Committee and the issuance and sale by the Corporation of shares of a new series of its preferred stock of the Corporation, par value 0.01 per share Preferred Stock ), upon such terms as may be fixed by the Pricing Committee, and delegated to the Pricing Committee the power to establish the number of shares to be included in such series of Preferred Stock and to fix the designation, powers, privileges, preferences, and relative participating, optional or other rights, if any, of the shares of such series of Preferred Stock and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof and (b) on September 11, 2024, the Pricing Committee adopted the resolution set forth immediately below, as corrected by resolutions adopted by the Pricing Committee on December 4, 2024 to the Certificate of Designations of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the Corporation (the Original Series C Certificate of Designations ), filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 12, 2024, which resolution is now, and at all times since its date of adoption has been, in full force and effect 
 RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Charter, which authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, and delegated to the Pricing Committee, the New Preferred Stock be, and hereby is, created and designated 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and that the designation and number of shares of such series, and the voting powers, designations, preferences and rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, are as set forth in this certificate of designations, as it may be amended from time to time (the Certificate of Designations ), as follows 
 Section 1. Designation and Number of Shares . Pursuant to the Charter, there is hereby created out of the authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock, a series of Preferred Stock consisting of 30,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock designated as the 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ). Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors, or an 
 -2- 

authorized committee thereof, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and the requirements of applicable law provided that (i) no increase shall cause the number of authorized shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to exceed the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock and (ii) no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to a number less than the number of such shares then outstanding. 
 Section 2. General Matters Ranking . Each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be identical in all respects to every other share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and or distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, as applicable, of the Corporation, shall rank (i) senior to each class or series of Junior Stock, (ii) on parity with each class or series of Parity Stock, (iii) junior to each class or series of Senior Stock and (iv) junior to the Corporation s existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities. In addition, with respect to dividend rights and distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation, the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be structurally subordinated to any existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of each of its Subsidiaries. 
 Section 3. Standard Definitions . As used herein with respect to Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Accumulated Dividend Amount means, with respect to any Fundamental Change, the aggregate amount of undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, for Dividend Periods prior to the relevant Fundamental Change Effective Date, including (but subject to the second sentence of Section 11(a)) for the partial Dividend Period, if any, from, and including, the Dividend Payment Date immediately preceding such Fundamental Change Effective Date to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Effective Date, subject to the last sentence of Section 11(a). 
 Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate means a rate equal to the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate, assuming for such purpose that the date on which the Corporation provides notice of Acquisition Termination Redemption is the Fundamental Change Effective Date and that the Acquisition Termination Share Price is the Fundamental Change Stock Price. 
 Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount means an amount of cash equal to the sum of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and the Accumulated Dividend Amount, assuming, in each case, for such purpose that the date on which the Corporation provides notice of Acquisition Termination Redemption is the Fundamental Change Effective Date. 
 Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount means, for each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount payable in cash equal to 50.00 plus accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date (whether or not declared) provided that if the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price, the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount will equal the Reference Amount, which may be paid in cash, Common Stock or a combination thereof. 
 Acquisition Termination Market Value means the Average VWAP per ordinary share over the 20 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the second Trading 
 -3- 

Day following the date on which the Corporation provides notice of Acquisition Termination Redemption. 
 Acquisition Termination Redemption Date means the date specified by the Corporation in its notice of Acquisition Termination Redemption that is not less than 30 nor more than 60 days following the date on which the Corporation provides notice of such Acquisition Termination Redemption provided that such date shall be a Business Day provided , further that if the Acquisition Termination Share Price is greater than the Initial Price and the Corporation elects to 
 i. pay cash in lieu of delivering all or any portion of the shares of Common Stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate, or 
 ii. deliver Common Stock in lieu of all or any portion of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount, 
 the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date will be the second Business Day following the last Trading Day of the 20 consecutive Trading Day period used to determine the Acquisition Termination Market Value. 
 Acquisition Termination Share Price means the Average VWAP per ordinary share over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Corporation provides notice of Acquisition Termination Redemption. 
 ADRs shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16. 
 Agent Members shall have the meaning set forth in Section 22(a). 
 Applicable Market Value means the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the Settlement Period. 
 Average Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(iii). 
 Average VWAP per share over a certain period means the arithmetic average of the VWAP per share for each Trading Day in the relevant period. 
 Averaging Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(v). 
 Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law or executive order to close. 
 Bylaws means the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation, as they may be further amended or restated from time to time. 
 -4- 

Certificate of Designations shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
 Charter shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
 Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(iii). 
 Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(iii). 
 Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(iii). 
 Close of Business means 5 00 p.m., New York City time. 
 Common Stock means the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Corporation, subject to Section 16. 
 Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the Corporation s duly appointed conversion and dividend disbursing agent for the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and any successor appointed under Section 16. 
 Conversion Date shall mean the Mandatory Conversion Date, the Fundamental Change Conversion Date or the Early Conversion Date, as applicable. 
 Corporation shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals. 
 Depositary means DTC or its nominee or any successor appointed by the Corporation. 
 Dividend Payment Date means March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year to, and including, September 1, 2027, commencing on December 1, 2024. 
 Dividend Period means the period from, and including, a Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date, except that the initial Dividend Period shall commence on, and include, the Initial Issue Date and shall end on, and exclude, the December 1, 2024 Dividend Payment Date. 
 Dividend Rate shall have the meaning set for in Section 4(a). 
 DTC means The Depository Trust Company. 
 Early Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a). 
 Early Conversion Additional Conversion Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b)(i). 
 Early Conversion Average Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b)(ii). 
 Early Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(b). 
 -5- 

Early Conversion Settlement Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b)(ii). 
 Effective Date shall mean the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the Relevant Stock Exchange, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split or share combination, as applicable. 
 Ex-Date means the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Corporation or, if applicable, from the seller of the Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Exchange Property shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16. 
 Expiration Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(v). 
 Fixed Conversion Rates means the Maximum Conversion Rate and the Minimum Conversion Rate. 
 Floor Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e)(ii). 
 A Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred, at any time after the Initial Issue Date of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, if any of the following occurs 
 (i) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination or change in par value) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or a combination thereof) (B) any consolidation, merger or other combination of the Corporation or binding share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or a combination thereof) or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer or disposition in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, to any person other than one or more of the Corporation s Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries 
 (ii) any person or group (as such terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, whether or not applicable), other than the Corporation, any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries or any of the Corporation s or its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries employee benefit plans (or any person or entity acting solely in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), filing a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the total voting power in the aggregate of all classes of capital stock then outstanding entitled to vote generally in elections of the Corporation s directors or 
 -6- 

(iii) the Common Stock (or other common stock constituting Exchange Property) ceases to be listed or quoted for trading on NYSE, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or another U.S. national securities exchange or any of their respective successors). 
 However, a transaction or transactions described in clause (i) or clause (ii) above will not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least 90 of the consideration received or to be received by holders of the Common Stock, excluding cash payments for fractional shares or pursuant to statutory appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on any of NYSE, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction or transactions such consideration (excluding cash payments for fractional shares or pursuant to statutory appraisal rights) becomes the Exchange Property. 
 Fundamental Change Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(i). 
 Fundamental Change Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(c). 
 Fundamental Change Conversion Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Fundamental Change Effective Date and ending at the Close of Business on the date that is 20 calendar days after the Fundamental Change Effective Date (or, if later, the date that is 20 calendar days after the date of notice of such Fundamental Change) but in no event later than September 1, 2027. If the Corporation provides the Fundamental Change Notice later than the second Business Day following the Fundamental Change Effective Date, the Fundamental Change Conversion Period shall be extended by a number of days equal to the number of days from, and including, the Fundamental Change Effective Date to, but excluding, the date of such Fundamental Change Notice provided , however , that the Fundamental Change Conversion Period shall not be extended beyond September 1, 2027. 
 Fundamental Change Conversion Rate means, for any Fundamental Change Conversion, the conversion rate per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock set forth in the table below for the Fundamental Change Effective Date and the Fundamental Change Stock Price applicable to such Fundamental Change 
 Fundamental Change Stock Price Fundamental Change Effective Date 4.00 6.00 8.00 10.00 12.00 14.00 16.10 18.60 19.72 25.00 30.00 35.00 40.00 50.00 September 13, 2024 1.9200 2.2757 2.4150 2.4651 2.4762 2.4714 2.4607 2.4474 2.4421 2.4254 2.4196 2.4196 2.4224 2.4308 September 1, 2025 2.2950 2.5429 2.6369 2.6577 2.6427 2.6134 2.5796 2.5437 2.5300 2.4858 2.4668 2.4598 2.4588 2.4631 September 1, 2026 2.6931 2.8240 2.8784 2.8822 2.8465 2.7875 2.7187 2.6451 2.6175 2.5342 2.5039 2.4948 2.4937 2.4972 September 1, 2027 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 2.6882 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 
 
 -7- 

The exact Fundamental Change Stock Price and Fundamental Change Effective Date may not be set forth in the table, in which case 
 (i) if the Fundamental Change Stock Price is between two Fundamental Change Stock Price amounts in the table above or the Fundamental Change Effective Date is between two Fundamental Change Effective Dates in the table above, the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the Fundamental Change Conversion Rates set forth for the higher and lower Fundamental Change Stock Price amounts and the earlier and later Fundamental Change Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable 
 (ii) if the Fundamental Change Stock Price is in excess of 50 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as adjustments are made to the Fundamental Change Stock Prices in the column headings of the table above), then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate shall be the Minimum Conversion Rate and 
 (iii) if the Fundamental Change Stock Price is less than 4 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as adjustments are made to the Fundamental Change Stock Prices in the column headings of the table above), then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate shall be the Maximum Conversion Rate. 
 The Fundamental Change Stock Prices in the column headings in the table above are each subject to adjustment as of any date on which the Fixed Conversion Rates are adjusted. The adjusted Fundamental Change Stock Prices shall equal (x) the Fundamental Change Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Minimum Conversion Rate immediately prior to the adjustment giving rise to the Fundamental Change Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Minimum Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The Fundamental Change Conversion Rates set forth in the table above will be each subject to adjustment in the same manner and at the same time as each Fixed Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 15. 
 Fundamental Change Conversion Right shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a). 
 Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(ii). 
 Fundamental Change Effective Date shall mean the effective date of the relevant Fundamental Change. 
 Fundamental Change Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(b). 
 Fundamental Change Stock Price means, for any Fundamental Change, the price paid (or deemed paid) per share of Common Stock in the Fundamental Change, which shall equal (i) if all holders of Common Stock receive only cash in such Fundamental Change, the amount of cash paid per share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Change, and (ii) in all other cases, the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Effective Date. 
 -8- 

Global Preferred Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 22(a). 
 Global Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 22(a). 
 Holder means each Person in whose name shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are registered, who shall be treated by the Corporation and the Registrar as the absolute owner of those shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for the purpose of making payment and settling conversions and for all other purposes. 
 Initial Dividend Threshold shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(iv). 
 Initial Issue Date means September 13, 2024, the first original issue date of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Initial Price means 50.00, divided by the Maximum Conversion Rate, which quotient is initially equal to approximately 16.10. 
 Junior Stock means (i) the Common Stock, (ii) the Series B Preferred Stock and (iii) each other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series ranks either (x) senior to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon the Corporation s liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or (y) on parity with the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights or and distribution rights upon the Corporation s liquidation, winding-up or dissolution. 
 Juniper means Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Juniper Acquisition means the merger of Merger Sub with and into Juniper, with Juniper continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation, pursuant to the Juniper Merger Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 
 Juniper Merger Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended or supplemented from time to time), dated as of January 9, 2024, by and among Juniper, the Corporation and Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation Merger Sub ). 
 Liquidation Dividend Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a). 
 Liquidation Preference means, as to Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, 50.00 per share. 
 Mandatory Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(a). 
 Mandatory Conversion Additional Conversion Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(c)(i). 
 -9- 

Mandatory Conversion Date means the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Settlement Period. The Mandatory Conversion Date is expected to be September 1, 2027. If the Mandatory Conversion Date occurs after September 1, 2027 (whether because a Scheduled Trading Day during the Settlement Period is not a Trading Day due to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or otherwise), no interest or other amounts will accrue as a result of such postponement. 
 Mandatory Conversion Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b). 
 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 of this Certificate of Designations. 
 Market Disruption Event means (i) a failure by the Relevant Stock Exchange to open for trading during its regular trading session or (ii) the occurrence or existence, prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock, for more than a one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours, of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Stock Exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock. 
 Maximum Conversion Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b)(iii). 
 Minimum Conversion Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b)(i). 
 Nonpayment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i). 
 Nonpayment Remedy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(iii). 
 NYSE means The New York Stock Exchange. 
 Officer means each and any of the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any Executive Vice President, the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer and any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, as the case may be. 
 Open of Business means 9 00 a.m., New York City time. 
 Parity Stock means any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series shall rank on parity with the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon the Corporation s liquidation, winding-up or dissolution. 
 Person means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, governmental authority or other entity of whatever nature. 
 Preferred Stock shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Charter. 
 -10- 

Preferred Stock Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b)(i). 
 Prospectus Supplement means the preliminary prospectus supplement dated September 9, 2024, relating to the offering and sale of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet. 
 Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of the Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, statute, contract or otherwise). 
 Record Holder means, with respect to any Dividend Payment Date, a Holder of record of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as such Holder appears on the stock register of the Corporation at the Close of Business on the related Regular Record Date. 
 Reference Amount means, for each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount equal to the sum of the following amounts 
 i. a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate, plus 
 ii. cash in an amount equal to the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount, 
 provided that the Corporation may deliver cash in lieu of all or any portion of the Common Stock set forth in clause (i) above, and the Corporation may deliver shares of Common Stock in lieu of all or any portion of the cash amount set forth in clause (ii) above. 
 Registrar initially means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the Corporation s duly appointed registrar for Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any successor appointed under Section 17. 
 Regular Record Date means, with respect to any Dividend Payment Date, the February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, as the case may be, immediately preceding the relevant Dividend Payment Date. These Regular Record Dates shall apply regardless of whether a particular Regular Record Date is a Business Day. 
 Relevant Stock Exchange means NYSE or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on NYSE, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading. 
 Reorganization Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16(i). 
 -11- 

Reorganization Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16. 
 Reorganization Valuation Percentage for any Reorganization Event shall be equal to (x) the Average VWAP of one share of the relevant Reorganization Common Stock over the relevant Reorganization Valuation Period (determined as if references to Common Stock in the definition of VWAP were references to the Reorganization Common Stock for such Reorganization Event), divided by (y) the Average VWAP of one share of Common Stock over the relevant Reorganization Valuation Period. 
 Reorganization Valuation Period for any Reorganization Event means the five consecutive Trading Day period immediately preceding, but excluding, the effective date for such Reorganization Event. 
 Scheduled Trading Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Senior Stock means each class or series of capital stock of the Corporation established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series shall rank senior to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights or distribution rights upon the Corporation s liquidation, winding-up or dissolution. 
 Series B Preferred Stock means the Series B Junior Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Corporation. 
 Settlement Period means the 20 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding September 1, 2027. 
 Shelf Registration Statement means a shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the issuance of, or for resales of, shares of Common Stock issued as payment of a dividend on shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, including dividends paid in connection with a conversion. 
 Spin-Off means a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of capital stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Corporation that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 -12- 

Threshold Appreciation Price means 50.00, divided by the Minimum Conversion Rate, which quotient is initially equal to approximately 19.72. 
 Trading Day means a day on which (i) there is no Market Disruption Event and (ii) trading in Common Stock generally occurs on the Relevant Stock Exchange provided that if the Common Stock is not listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means any Business Day. 
 Transfer Agent shall initially mean Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the Corporation s duly appointed transfer agent for Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any successor appointed under Section 17. 
 Trigger Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(iii). 
 Unit of Exchange Property shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16. 
 Valuation Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a)(iii). 
 Voting Preferred Stock means any other class or series of Parity Stock upon which like voting powers for the election of directors as set forth in Section 8 have been conferred and are exercisable. 
 VWAP per share of Common Stock on any Trading Day means the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed on Bloomberg page HPE EQUITY AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is not available, the market value per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day as determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by the Corporation for this purpose). 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50 in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed to be replaced by a reference to 100 . 
 Section 4. Dividends . 
 (a) Rate . Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of Senior Stock, Holders shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds of the Corporation legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the rate per annum of 7.625 on the Liquidation Preference per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Dividend Rate (equivalent to 3.81 per annum per share), payable in cash, by delivery of shares of Common Stock or through any combination of cash and shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4(c), as determined by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, in its sole discretion (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4(e)). 
 If declared, dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be payable quarterly on each Dividend Payment Date at such annual rate, and dividends shall accumulate 
 -13- 

from the most recent date as to which dividends shall have been paid or, if no dividends have been paid, from the Initial Issue Date, whether or not in any Dividend Period or Dividend Periods there have been funds legally available or shares of Common Stock legally permitted to be issued for the payment of such dividends. 
 If declared, dividends shall be payable on the relevant Dividend Payment Date to Record Holders on the immediately preceding Regular Record Date, whether or not such Record Holders convert their shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, or such shares are automatically converted, after such Regular Record Date and on or prior to such immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date provided that the Regular Record Date for any such dividend shall not precede the date on which such dividend was so declared. If a Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, without any interest or other payment in lieu of interest accruing with respect to this delay. 
 The amount of dividends payable on each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for each full Dividend Period (subsequent to the initial Dividend Period) shall be computed by dividing the Dividend Rate by four. Dividends payable on Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for the initial Dividend Period and any partial Dividend Period shall be computed based upon the actual number of days elapsed during such period over a 360-day year (consisting of twelve 30-day months). Accumulated dividends on shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not bear interest, nor shall additional dividends be payable thereon, if they are paid subsequent to the applicable Dividend Payment Date. 
 No dividend shall be paid unless and until the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, declares a dividend payable with respect to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. No dividend shall be declared or paid upon, or any sum of cash or number of shares of Common Stock set apart for the payment of dividends upon, any outstanding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to any Dividend Period unless all dividends for all preceding Dividend Periods have been declared and paid upon, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of Common Stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends upon, all outstanding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Holders shall not be entitled to any dividends on Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, whether payable in cash, property or shares of Common Stock, in excess of full cumulative dividends. 
 Except as described in this Section 4(a), dividends on shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock converted to Common Stock shall cease to accumulate, and all other rights of Holders will terminate, from and after the applicable Conversion Date (other than the right to receive the consideration due upon such conversion as described herein). 
 (b) Priority of Dividends . So long as any share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend or distribution shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock or any other class or series of Junior Stock, and no Common Stock or any other class or series of Junior Stock or Parity Stock shall be, directly or indirectly, purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries unless, in each case, all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding Dividend Periods have been 
 -14- 

declared and paid in full in cash, shares of the Common Stock or a combination thereof, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of the Common Stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends, on all outstanding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. The foregoing limitation shall not apply to 
 (i) any dividend or distribution payable in shares of Common Stock or other Junior Stock, together with cash in lieu of any fractional share 
 (ii) purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of Common Stock or other Junior Stock or Parity Stock in connection with the administration of any benefit or other incentive plan, including any employment or compensation agreement, including, without limitation, (x) the forfeiture of unvested shares of restricted stock or share withholding or other acquisitions or surrender of shares or derivative securities to which the holder may otherwise be entitled upon exercise, delivery or vesting of equity awards (whether in payment of applicable taxes, the exercise price or otherwise), and (y) the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares 
 (iii) purchases or deemed purchases or acquisitions of fractional interests in shares of any Common Stock or other Junior Stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such shares of other Junior Stock or any securities exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock or other Junior Stock 
 (iv) any dividends or distributions of rights or Common Stock or other Junior Stock in connection with a stockholders rights plan or any redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant to any stockholders rights plan 
 (v) purchases of Common Stock or other Junior Stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy Common Stock or other Junior Stock, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, in each case, existing prior to the date of the Prospectus Supplement 
 (vi) the acquisition by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries of record ownership in Common Stock or other Junior Stock or Parity Stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians, and the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares 
 (vii) the exchange or conversion of Junior Stock for or into other Junior Stock or of Parity Stock for or into other Parity Stock (with the same or lesser aggregate liquidation preference) or Junior Stock and the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares and 
 (viii) the settlement of any convertible note hedge transactions or capped call transactions entered into in connection with the issuance of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, of any debt securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable for, Common Stock (or into or for any combination of cash and Common Stock based on the value of Common Stock) provided that such convertible note hedge transactions or capped call transactions, as applicable, are on customary terms and were entered into either (a) before the Initial Issue Date or (b) in compliance with the foregoing provision. 
 When dividends on shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (i) have not been declared and paid in full on any Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from such Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend 
 -15- 

payment date falling within a regular dividend period related to such Dividend Payment Date), or (ii) have been declared but a sum of cash or number of shares of Common Stock sufficient for payment thereof has not been set aside for the benefit of the Holders thereof on the applicable Regular Record Date, no dividends may be declared or paid on any shares of Parity Stock unless dividends are declared on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock such that the respective amounts of such dividends declared on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such shares of Parity Stock shall be allocated pro rata among the Holders of the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and the holders of any shares of Parity Stock then outstanding. For purposes of calculating the pro rata allocation of partial dividend payments, the Corporation shall allocate those payments so that the respective amounts of those payments for the declared dividend bear the same ratio to each other as all accumulated and unpaid dividends per share on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all declared and unpaid dividends per share on such shares of Parity Stock bear to each other (subject to their having been declared by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of legally available funds) provided that any unpaid dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will continue to accumulate, except as described herein. For purposes of this calculation, with respect to non-cumulative Parity Stock, the Corporation shall use the full amount of dividends that would be payable for the most recent dividend period if dividends were declared in full on such non-cumulative Parity Stock. 
 Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such dividends as may be determined by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, may be declared and paid (payable in cash, securities or other property) on any securities, including Common Stock and other Junior Stock, from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and Holders shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividends. 
 (c) Method of Payment of Dividends . (i) Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4(e), the Corporation may pay any declared dividend (or any portion of any declared dividend) on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (whether or not for a current Dividend Period or any prior Dividend Period, including in connection with the payment of declared and unpaid dividends pursuant to Section 9(c) or Section 11), as determined in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof 
 (A) in cash 
 (B) by delivery of shares of Common Stock or 
 (C) through any combination of cash and shares of Common Stock. 
 (ii) The Corporation shall make each payment of a declared dividend on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in cash, except to the extent the Corporation elects to make all or any portion of such payment in shares of Common Stock. The Corporation shall give notice to Holders of any such election, and the portion of such payment that will be made in cash and the portion that will be made in shares of Common Stock, no later than 10 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Dividend Payment Date for such dividend provided , however , that if the Corporation does not provide timely notice of this election, the Corporation will be deemed to have elected to pay the relevant dividend in cash. 
 -16- 

(iii) All cash payments to which a Holder is entitled in connection with a declared dividend on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be rounded to the nearest cent. If the Corporation elects to make any such payment of a declared dividend, or any portion thereof, in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be valued for such purpose, in the case of any dividend payment or portion thereof, at 97 of the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the sixth Scheduled Trading Day prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date (such average, the Average Price ). If the five Trading Day period to determine the Average Price ends on or after the relevant Dividend Payment Date (whether because a Scheduled Trading Day is not a Trading Day due to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or otherwise), then the Dividend Payment Date will be postponed until the second Business Day after the final Trading Day of such five Trading Day period provided that no interest or other amounts shall accrue as a result of such postponement. 
 (d) No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be delivered to the Holders in payment or partial payment of a dividend. The Corporation shall instead, to the extent it is legally permitted to do so, pay a cash amount (computed to the nearest cent) to each Holder that would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Common Stock based on the Average Price with respect to such dividend. To the extent that the Corporation is not able to pay such fractional amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with its indebtedness, the Corporation shall instead round up to the nearest whole share for each Holder, and the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash and such amount shall not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered in connection with any declared dividend, including any declared dividend payable in connection with a conversion, exceed a number equal to 
 (i) the declared dividend, divided by 
 (ii) 5.64, subject to adjustment in a manner inversely proportional to any anti-dilution adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate as provided in Section 15 (such dollar amount, as adjusted, the Floor Price ). 
 To the extent that the amount of any declared dividend exceeds the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock delivered in connection with such declared dividend and (y) 97 of the Average Price, the Corporation shall, if it is legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing the Corporation s indebtedness, notwithstanding any notice by the Corporation to the contrary, pay such excess amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent). To the extent that the Corporation is not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with its indebtedness, the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of Common Stock in respect of such amount, and such amount shall not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (f) To the extent that a Shelf Registration Statement is required in the Corporation s reasonable judgment in connection with the issuance of, or for resales of, Common Stock issued as payment of a dividend on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, including 
 -17- 

dividends paid in connection with a conversion, the Corporation shall, to the extent such a Shelf Registration Statement is not currently filed and effective, use its commercially reasonable efforts to file and maintain the effectiveness of such a Shelf Registration Statement until the earlier of such time as all such shares of Common Stock have been resold thereunder and such time as all such shares would be freely tradable without registration by holders thereof that are not (and were not at any time during the preceding three months) affiliates of the Corporation for purposes of the Securities Act. To the extent applicable, the Corporation shall also use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such shares of the Common Stock approved for listing on NYSE (or if the Common Stock is not listed on NYSE, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed), and qualified or registered under applicable state securities laws, if required provided that the Corporation will not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it is not presently subject to taxation as a foreign corporation and such qualification or action would subject it to such taxation. 
 Section 5. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding-Up . 
 (a) In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation, each Holder shall be entitled to receive, per share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Liquidation Preference of 50.00 per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, plus an amount (the Liquidation Dividend Amount equal to accumulated and unpaid dividends on such share, whether or not declared, to, but excluding, the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, such amount to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to its stockholders, after satisfaction of debt and other liabilities owed to the Corporation s creditors and holders of shares of any Senior Stock and before any payment or distribution is made to holders of any Junior Stock, including, without limitation, Common Stock. 
 (b) If, upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation, the amounts payable with respect to (1) the Liquidation Preference plus the Liquidation Dividend Amount on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and (2) the liquidation preference of, and the amount of accumulated and unpaid dividends (to, but excluding, the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution) on, all Parity Stock, if applicable, are not paid in full, the Holders and all holders of any such Parity Stock shall share equally and ratably in any distribution of the Corporation s assets in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences and amounts equal to the accumulated and unpaid dividends to which they are entitled. 
 (c) After the payment to any Holder of the full amount of the Liquidation Preference and the Liquidation Dividend Amount for such Holder s shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, such Holder as such shall have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the Corporation. 
 (d) Neither the sale, lease nor exchange of all or substantially all of Corporation s assets or business (other than in connection with the Corporation s liquidation, winding-up or dissolution), nor its merger or consolidation into or with any other Person, shall be deemed to be the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation. 
 Section 6. No Redemption No Sinking Fund . 
 Other than pursuant to Section 7 , the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be subject to any redemption rights, sinking fund or other similar provisions. Notwithstanding the 
 -18- 

foregoing, the Corporation may, at its option, purchase or exchange the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock from time to time in the open market, by tender or exchange offer or otherwise, without the consent of, or notice to, Holders on such terms as the Holder thereof and the Corporation may agree. 
 Section 7. Acquisition Termination Redemption . 
 (a) If (x) the consummation of the Juniper Acquisition does not occur on or before the later of (i) the date that is five business days after October 9, 2025 and (ii) the date that is five business days after any later date to which Juniper and the Corporation may agree to extend the End Date in the Merger Agreement, or (y) the Corporation notifies Holders in writing that the Corporation will not pursue the consummation of the Juniper Acquisition, then the Corporation may, within 75 calendar days, at its option, give notice of a redemption (an Acquisition Termination Redemption to Holders provided that to the extent Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form through DTC, the Corporation may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC. If the Corporation provides notice of Acquisition Termination Redemption to Holders, then, on the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date, the Corporation will redeem the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, at a redemption amount per Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount. 
 (b) If the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price 
 (i) the Corporation may elect to pay cash in lieu of delivering all or any portion of the Common Stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate. If the Corporation makes such an election, it will deliver cash (rounded to the nearest cent) in an amount equal to such Common Stock in respect of which it has made this election multiplied by the Acquisition Termination Market Value, and 
 (ii) the Corporation may elect to deliver Common Stock in lieu of paying cash for some or all of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount. 
 If the Corporation makes such an election, it will deliver such number of shares of Common Stock equal to such portion of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount to be paid in Common Stock divided by the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Acquisition Termination Market Value provided , that if the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount or portion thereof in respect of which Common Stock is delivered exceeds the product of Common Stock multiplied by 97 of the Acquisition Termination Market Value, the Corporation will, if it is legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing its indebtedness, pay such excess amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent). To the extent that the Corporation is not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with the terms of its indebtedness, the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of Common Stock in respect of such amount, and such amount will not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (c) If any portion of the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount is to be paid in Common Stock, no fractional shares will be delivered to Holders. The Corporation will instead pay a cash adjustment to each Holder that would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share based on the Average VWAP per ordinary share over the five consecutive Trading Day 
 -19- 

period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date. If more than one share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is to be redeemed from a Holder, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in connection with the payment of the Reference Amount shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 (d) Notice of Acquisition Termination Redemption will specify, among other things 
 (i) the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount 
 (ii) if the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price, the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount of cash comprising the Reference Amount per Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (before giving effect to any election to pay or deliver, with respect to each Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, cash in lieu of all or a portion of the Common Stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate or Common Stock lieu of some or all of the cash in respect of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount) 
 (iii) if the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price, whether the Corporation will pay cash in lieu of Common Stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate comprising a portion of the Reference Amount (specifying, if applicable, the number of such shares of Common Stock in respect of which cash will be paid) 
 (iv) if the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price, whether the Corporation will deliver Common Stock in lieu of paying cash for all or any portion of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount comprising a portion of the Reference Amount (specifying, if applicable, the percentage of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount in respect of which Common Stock will be delivered in lieu of cash) and 
 (v) the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date (specifying, as applicable, a fixed date or that the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date will be the second Business Day following the last Trading Day of the 20 consecutive Trading Day period used to determine the Acquisition Termination Market Value). 
 (e) To the extent a shelf registration statement is required in the Corporation s reasonable judgment in connection with the issuance of, or for resales of, Common Stock issued as payment of the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount, the Corporation shall, to the extent such a Shelf Registration Statement is not currently filed and effective, use its commercially reasonable efforts to file and maintain the effectiveness of such a Shelf Registration Statement until the earlier of such time as all such shares of Common Stock have been resold thereunder and such time as all such shares would be freely tradable without registration by holders thereof that are not (and were not at any time during the preceding three months) affiliates of the Corporation for purposes of the Securities Act. To the extent applicable, the Corporation shall also use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such shares of the Common Stock approved for listing on NYSE (or if the Common Stock is not listed on NYSE, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed), and qualified or registered under applicable state securities laws, if required provided that the Corporation will not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it is not presently subject to taxation as a foreign corporation and such qualification or action would subject it to such taxation. 
 -20- 

Section 8. Voting Power . 
 (a) Genera l. Holders shall not have any voting rights or powers other than those set forth in this Section 8, except as specifically required by Delaware law or by the Charter from time to time. 
 (b) Right to Elect Two Directors Upon Nonpayment . (i) Whenever dividends on any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more Dividend Periods, whether or not for consecutive Dividend Periods (a Nonpayment ), the authorized number of directors on the Board of Directors shall, at the Corporation s next annual meeting of the stockholders or at a special meeting of stockholders as provided below, automatically be increased by two and Holders, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding, shall be entitled, at the Corporation s next annual meeting of stockholders or at a special meeting of stockholders, if any, as provided below, to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of the Board of Directors (the Preferred Stock Directors provided , that the election of any such Preferred Stock Directors will not cause the Corporation to violate the corporate governance requirements of NYSE (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which the Corporation s securities may be listed or quoted) that requires listed or quoted companies to have a majority of independent directors provided further that the Board of Directors shall, at no time, include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. 
 (ii) In the event of a Nonpayment, the Holders of at least 25 of the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and holders of record of any other series of Voting Preferred Stock may request that a special meeting of stockholders be called to elect such Preferred Stock Directors provided , that if the next annual or a special meeting of stockholders is scheduled to be held within 90 days of the receipt of such request, the election of such Preferred Stock Directors, to the extent otherwise permitted by the Bylaws, shall, instead, be included in the agenda for, and shall be held at, such scheduled annual or special meeting of stockholders). The Preferred Stock Directors shall stand for reelection annually, at each subsequent annual meeting of the stockholders, so long as the Holders continue to have such voting powers. At any meeting at which the Holders are entitled to elect Preferred Stock Directors, the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the then outstanding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum and the vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of such shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Stock so present or represented by proxy at any such meeting at which there shall be a quorum shall be sufficient to elect the Preferred Stock Directors. 
 (iii) If and when all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have been paid in full, or declared and a sum or number of shares of the Common Stock sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside for the benefit of the Holders thereof on the applicable Regular Record Date (a Nonpayment Remedy ), the Holders shall immediately and, without any further action by the Corporation, be divested of the voting powers described in this Section 8(b), subject to the revesting of such powers in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment. If such voting powers for the Holders and all other holders of Voting Preferred Stock shall have terminated, each Preferred Stock Director then in office shall automatically be disqualified as a director and shall no longer be a director and the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate at such time and the authorized number of directors on the Board of Directors shall automatically decrease by two. 
 -21- 

(iv) Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a single class), when they have the voting powers described in this Section 8(b). In the event that a Nonpayment shall have occurred and there shall not have been a Nonpayment Remedy, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election of Preferred Stock Directors after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, except that in the event that such vacancy is created as a result of such Preferred Stock Director being removed, or if no Preferred Stock Director remains in office, then such vacancy may be filled by a vote of the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a single class) when they have the voting powers described in this Section 8(b) provided , however , that the election of any such Preferred Stock Directors to fill such vacancy will not cause the Corporation to violate the corporate governance requirements of NYSE (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which the Corporation s securities may be listed or quoted) that requires listed or quoted companies to have a majority of independent directors. The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter that shall come before the Board of Directors for a vote. 
 (c) Other Voting Powers . So long as any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of record of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock at the time outstanding and entitled to vote thereon (subject to the last paragraph of this Section 8(c)), voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either by written consent without a meeting or by vote at an annual or special meeting of such stockholders 
 (i) amend or alter the provisions of the Charter so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized number of, any class or series of Senior Stock 
 (ii) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Charter or this Certificate of Designations so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences or voting powers of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or 
 (iii) consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with another entity or a conversion of the Corporation or domestication in or transfer to a foreign jurisdiction, unless in each case (A) the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding following the consummation of such binding share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation or, in the case of (x) any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Corporation is not the surviving or resulting entity (or the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is otherwise exchanged or reclassified) or (y) any such conversion, domestication or transfer, are converted or reclassified into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity, of the converted, domesticated or transferred entity or, in either case, such entity s ultimate parent and (B) the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that remain outstanding or such shares of preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences and voting powers that, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences and voting powers, taken as a whole, of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction 
 -22- 

provided , however , that in the event a transaction would trigger voting powers under clauses (ii) and (iii) above, clause (iii) shall govern provided , further , however , that for all purposes of this Section 8(c) 
 (1) any increase in the number of the Corporation s authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, 
 (2) any increase in the number of the authorized or issued shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 (3) the creation and issuance, or increase in the authorized or issued number, of any class or series of Parity Stock or Junior Stock, and 
 (4) the applicable of the provisions described in Section 16 , 
 shall be deemed not to adversely affect (or to otherwise cause to be materially less favorable) the rights, preferences or voting powers of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and shall not require the affirmative vote or written consent under this Section 8(c). 
 If any amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation or conversion, domestication or transfer specified in this Section 8(c) would adversely affect the rights, preferences or voting powers of one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Stock (including the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for this purpose), then only the series of Voting Preferred Stock the rights, preferences or voting powers of which are adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all series of Voting Preferred Stock. 
 (d) Without the vote or consent of the Holders, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences or voting powers of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and limitations and restrictions thereof, the Corporation may amend, alter, correct, supplement or repeal any terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock by amending or supplementing the Charter or the Certificate of Designations for the following purposes 
 (i) to cure any ambiguity, omission, inconsistency or mistake in any such agreement (including any provision contained in this Certificate of Designations that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision contained in this Certificate of Designations) 
 (ii) to make any provision with respect to matters or questions relating to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Charter or this Certificate of Designations 
 (iii) to waive any of the Corporation s rights with respect to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or 
 (iv) to make any other change that does not materially and adversely affect the rights of any Holder (other than any Holder that consents to such change). 
 In addition, without the consent of the Holders, the Corporation may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in order to 
 -23- 

(x) conform the terms thereof to the description of the terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock set forth under Description of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in the Prospectus Supplement or (y) file a certificate of correction with respect to this Certificate of Designations to the extent permitted by Section 103(f) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 (e) Prior to the Close of Business on the applicable Conversion Date, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose and Holders shall have no rights, powers or preferences with respect to such shares of Common Stock, including voting powers, rights to respond to tender offers for the Common Stock and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, by virtue of holding the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (f) In connection with any vote expressly set forth in this Section 8, the number of votes that each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (and any Voting Preferred Stock participating in the votes set forth in this Section 8) shall have shall be equal to the respective per share liquidation preference amounts of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such other Voting Preferred Stock. 
 (g) The rules and procedures for calling and conducting any meeting of the Holders (including, without limitation, the fixing of a record date in connection therewith), the solicitation and use of proxies at such a meeting, the obtaining of written consents and any other procedural aspect or matter with regard to such a meeting or such consents shall be governed by any rules the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may adopt from time to time, which rules and procedures shall conform to the requirements of the Charter, the Bylaws, applicable law and the rules of any national securities exchange or other trading facility on which the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is listed or traded at the time. 
 Section 9. Mandatory Conversion on the Mandatory Conversion Date . 
 (a) Each outstanding share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall automatically convert (unless previously redeemed in accordance with Section 7 or converted in accordance with Section 10 or Section 11) on the Mandatory Conversion Date Mandatory Conversion ), into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Mandatory Conversion Rate. 
 (b) The Mandatory Conversion Rate shall, subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 9(c), be as follows 
 (i) if the Applicable Market Value is greater than the Threshold Appreciation Price, the Mandatory Conversion Rate shall be equal to 2.5352 shares of Common Stock per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Minimum Conversion Rate 
 (ii) if the Applicable Market Value is less than or equal to the Threshold Appreciation Price but equal to or greater than the Initial Price, the Mandatory Conversion Rate per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be equal to 50.00 divided by the Applicable Market Value, rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth of a share of Common Stock or 
 -24- 

(iii) if the Applicable Market Value is less than the Initial Price, the Mandatory Conversion Rate shall be equal to 3.1056 shares of Common Stock per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Maximum Conversion Rate 
 provided that the Fixed Conversion Rates are each subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Section 15. 
 (c) If the Corporation declares a dividend on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for the Dividend Period ending on, but excluding, September 1, 2027, the Corporation shall pay such dividend to the Record Holders as of the immediately preceding Regular Record Date, in accordance with Section 4. If on or prior to September 1, 2027, the Corporation has not declared a dividend payable in the amount of all or any portion of the accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Mandatory Conversion Rate shall be adjusted so that Holders receive an additional number of shares of Common Stock equal to 
 (i) the amount of such undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Mandatory Conversion Additional Conversion Amount ), divided by 
 (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Average Price (calculated using September 1, 2027 as the applicable Dividend Payment Date). 
 To the extent that the Mandatory Conversion Additional Conversion Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and 97 of the Average Price, the Corporation shall, if it is legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing its indebtedness, declare and pay such excess amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent) pro rata per share to the Holders. To the extent that the Corporation is not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with its indebtedness, the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of Common Stock in respect of such amount, and such amount will not form a part of the cumulative dividends on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Mandatory Conversion Rate shall in no event exceed the Maximum Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Section 15, and exclusive of any amounts owing in respect of any Mandatory Conversion Additional Conversion Amount or any accrued and unpaid dividends paid at the Corporation s election in shares of Common Stock. 
 Section 10. Early Conversion at the Option of the Holder . 
 (a) Other than during a Fundamental Change Conversion Period, subject to satisfaction of the conversion procedures set forth in Section 12, the Holders shall have the option to convert their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part (but in no event in increments of less than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), at any time prior to September 1, 2027 (an Early Conversion ), into shares of Common Stock at the Minimum Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 10(b). 
 (b) If, as of any Early Conversion Date, the Corporation has not declared all or any portion of the accumulated and unpaid dividends for all full Dividend Periods ending on or prior to the Dividend Payment Date immediately prior to such Early Conversion Date, the Minimum 
 -25- 

Conversion Rate shall be adjusted, with respect to the relevant Early Conversion, so that the Holders converting their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at such time receive an additional number of shares of Common Stock equal to 
 (i) such amount of undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends per share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for such prior full Dividend Periods (the Early Conversion Additional Conversion Amount ), divided by 
 (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) the Average VWAP per share of the Common Stock over the 20 consecutive Trading Day period (the Early Conversion Settlement Period commencing on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Early Conversion Date (such Average VWAP, the Early Conversion Average Price ). 
 To the extent that the Early Conversion Additional Conversion Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and the Early Conversion Average Price, the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay the shortfall in cash or deliver shares of Common Stock in respect of such shortfall. 
 Except as set forth in the first sentence of this Section 10(b), upon any Early Conversion of any shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends on such shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, unless such Early Conversion Date occurs after the Regular Record Date for a declared dividend and on or prior to the immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date, in which case the Corporation shall pay such dividend on such Dividend Payment Date to the Record Holder of the converted shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as of such Regular Record Date, in accordance with Section 4. 
 Section 11. Fundamental Change Conversion . 
 (a) If a Fundamental Change occurs on or prior to September 1, 2027, the Holders shall have the right (the Fundamental Change Conversion Right during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period to 
 (i) convert their shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part (but in no event in increments of less than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock) (any such conversion pursuant to this Section 11(a) being a Fundamental Change Conversion into a number of shares of Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property in accordance with Section 16) equal to the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate per share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 (ii) with respect to such converted shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, receive an amount equal to the present value, calculated using a discount rate of 4.67 per annum, of all dividend payments on such shares (excluding any Accumulated Dividend Amount) for (A) the partial Dividend Period, if any, from, and including, the Fundamental Change Effective Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date and (B) all the remaining full Dividend Periods from, and including, the Dividend Payment Date following the Fundamental Change Effective Date to, but excluding, September 1, 2027 (the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount ), payable in cash or shares of Common Stock and 
 -26- 

(iii) with respect to such converted shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, receive the Accumulated Dividend Amount payable in cash or shares of Common Stock, 
 subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to certain limitations with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock the Corporation will be required to deliver as set forth in Section 11(d). Notwithstanding clauses (ii) and (iii), if the Fundamental Change Effective Date or the Fundamental Change Conversion Date falls after the Regular Record Date for a Dividend Period for which the Corporation has declared a dividend and prior to the next Dividend Payment Date, then the Corporation shall pay such dividend on the relevant Dividend Payment Date to the Record Holders as of such Regular Record Date, in accordance with Section 4, and the Accumulated Dividend Amount shall not include the amount of such dividend, and the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount shall not include the present value of the payment of such dividend. 
 (b) To exercise the Fundamental Change Conversion Right, Holders must submit their shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for conversion at any time during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period. Holders that submit their shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for conversion during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period shall be deemed to have exercised their Fundamental Change Conversion Right. Holders who do not submit their shares for conversion during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period shall not be entitled to convert their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at the relevant Fundamental Change Conversion Rate or to receive the relevant Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the relevant Accumulated Dividend Amount. 
 The Corporation shall provide written notice (the Fundamental Change Notice to Holders of the Fundamental Change Effective Date no later than the second Business Day immediately following such Fundamental Change Effective Date. 
 The Fundamental Change Notice shall state 
 (i) the event causing the Fundamental Change 
 (ii) the anticipated Fundamental Change Effective Date or actual Fundamental Change Effective Date, as the case may be 
 (iii) that Holders shall have the right to effect a Fundamental Change Conversion in connection with such Fundamental Change during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period 
 (iv) the Fundamental Change Conversion Period and 
 (v) the instructions a Holder must follow to effect a Fundamental Change Conversion in connection with such Fundamental Change. 
 (c) Not later than the second Business Day following the Fundamental Change Effective Date, the Corporation shall notify Holders of 
 (i) the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate (if notice is provided to Holders prior to the anticipated Fundamental Change Effective Date, specifying how the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be determined) 
 -27- 

(ii) the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and whether the Corporation will pay such amount in cash, shares of Common Stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) or a combination thereof, specifying the combination, if applicable and 
 (iii) the Accumulated Dividend Amount as of the Fundamental Change Effective Date and whether the Corporation will pay such amount in cash, shares of Common Stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) or a combination thereof, specifying the combination, if applicable. 
 (d) (i) For any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that are converted during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period, in addition to the Common Stock issued upon conversion at the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate, the Corporation shall at its option (subject to satisfaction of the requirements of this Section 11) 
 (A) pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent), to the extent the Corporation is legally permitted to do so and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing its indebtedness 
 (B) increase the number of shares of Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property) to be issued upon conversion by a number equal to (x) the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount, divided by (y) the greater of (i) the Floor Price and (ii) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price or 
 (C) pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount through any combination of cash and shares of Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property) in accordance with the provisions of clauses (A) and (B) above. 
 (ii) In addition, to the extent that the Accumulated Dividend Amount exists as of the Fundamental Change Effective Date, the converting Holder shall be entitled to receive such Accumulated Dividend Amount upon such Fundamental Change Conversion. The Corporation shall, at its option, pay the Accumulated Dividend Amount (subject to satisfaction of the requirements of this Section 11) 
 (A) in cash (computed to the nearest cent), to the extent the Corporation is legally permitted to do so and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing its indebtedness 
 (B) in an additional number of shares of Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property) equal to (x) the Accumulated Dividend Amount, divided by (y) the greater of (i) the Floor Price and (ii) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price or 
 (C) through a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property) in accordance with the provisions of clauses (A) and (B) above. 
 (iii) The Corporation shall pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and the Accumulated Dividend Amount in cash, except to the extent the Corporation elects on or prior to the second Business Day following the relevant Fundamental Change Effective Date to make all or any portion of such payments in shares of Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property). If the Corporation elects to 
 -28- 

deliver Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property) in respect of all or any portion of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount, to the extent that the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount or the dollar amount of any portion thereof paid in Common Stock (or Units of Exchange Property) exceeds the product of (x) the number of additional shares the Corporation delivers in respect thereof and (y) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price, the Corporation shall, if it is legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing its indebtedness, pay such excess amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent). To the extent that the Corporation is not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with its indebtedness, the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of Common Stock in respect of such amount, and such amount will not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (iv) No fractional shares of Common Stock (or, to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) shall be delivered by the Corporation to converting Holders in respect of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount. The Corporation shall instead, to the extent the Corporation is legally permitted to do so and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing the Corporation s indebtedness, pay a cash amount (computed to the nearest cent) to each converting Holder that would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Common Stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) based on the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Fundamental Change Conversion Date. In the event the Corporation cannot pay cash in lieu of a fractional share, the Corporation shall instead round up to the nearest whole share for each Holder, and the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash and such amount shall not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (v) If the Corporation is prohibited from paying or delivering, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (whether in cash or in shares of Common Stock), in whole or in part, due to limitations of applicable Delaware law, the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will instead be increased by a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 
 (A) the cash amount of the aggregate unpaid and undelivered Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount, divided by 
 (B) the greater of (i) the Floor Price and (ii) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price. 
 To the extent that the cash amount of the aggregate unpaid and undelivered Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price, the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay the shortfall in cash or deliver additional shares of Common Stock in respect of such amount. 
 -29- 

Section 12. Conversion Procedures . 
 (a) Pursuant to Section 9, on the Mandatory Conversion Date, any outstanding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall mandatorily and automatically convert into shares of Common Stock. 
 Subject to any applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary, if more than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held by the same Holder is automatically converted on the Mandatory Conversion Date, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock so converted. 
 A Holder of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that are mandatorily converted shall not be required to pay any transfer or similar taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of the Common Stock upon conversion, except that such Holder shall be required to pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of the Common Stock in a name other than the name of such Holder. 
 A certificate representing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be issued and delivered to the converting Holder or, if the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock being converted is in book-entry form, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be delivered to the converting Holder through book-entry transfer through the facilities of the Depositary, in each case, together with delivery by the Corporation to the converting Holder of any cash to which the converting Holder is entitled, only after all applicable taxes and duties, if any, payable by such converting Holder have been paid in full, and such shares and cash will be delivered on the later of (i) the Mandatory Conversion Date and (ii) the Business Day after the Holder has paid in full all applicable taxes and duties, if any. 
 The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon Mandatory Conversion shall be treated as the record holder(s) of such shares of Common Stock as of the Close of Business on the Mandatory Conversion Date. Prior to the Close of Business on the Mandatory Conversion Date, the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date shall not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose and Holders shall have no rights, powers or preferences with respect to such Common Stock, including voting powers, rights to respond to tender offers and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, by virtue of holding the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (b) To effect an Early Conversion pursuant to Section 10, a Holder must 
 (i) complete and manually sign the conversion notice on the back of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate or a facsimile of such conversion notice 
 (ii) deliver the completed conversion notice and the certificated shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted to the Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent 
 -30- 

(iii) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and 
 (iv) if required, pay all transfer or similar taxes or duties, if any. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, to effect an Early Conversion pursuant to Section 10 of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held in global form, the Holder must, in lieu of the foregoing, comply with the applicable procedures of DTC (or any other Depositary for the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held in global form appointed by the Corporation). 
 The Early Conversion shall be effective on the date on which a Holder has satisfied the foregoing requirements, to the extent applicable Early Conversion Date ). 
 Subject to any applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary, if more than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is surrendered for conversion at one time by or for the same Holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock so surrendered. 
 A Holder shall not be required to pay any transfer or similar taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of Common Stock upon conversion, but such Holder shall be required to pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of Common Stock in a name other than the name of such Holder. 
 A certificate representing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be issued and delivered to the converting Holder or, if the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock being converted are in book-entry form, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be delivered to the converting Holder through book-entry transfer through the facilities of the Depositary, in each case, together with delivery by the Corporation to the converting Holder of any cash to which the converting Holder is entitled, only after all applicable taxes and duties, if any, payable by such converting Holder have been paid in full, and such shares and cash will be delivered on the latest of (i) the second Business Day immediately succeeding the Early Conversion Date, (ii) the second Business Day immediately succeeding the last day of the Early Conversion Settlement Period, and (iii) the Business Day after the Holder has paid in full all applicable taxes and duties, if any. 
 The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon Early Conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder(s) of such shares of Common Stock as of the Close of Business on the applicable Early Conversion Date. Prior to the Close of Business on such applicable Early Conversion Date, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose, and Holders shall have no rights, powers or preferences with respect to such shares of Common Stock, including voting powers, rights to respond to tender offers for the Common Stock and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, by virtue of holding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 -31- 

In the event that an Early Conversion is effected with respect to shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock representing less than all the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held by a Holder, upon such Early Conversion the Corporation shall execute and instruct the Transfer Agent and Registrar to countersign and deliver to the Holder thereof, at the expense of the Corporation, a certificate evidencing the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to which Early Conversion was not effected, or, if the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form, the Corporation shall cause the Transfer Agent and Registrar to reduce the number of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock represented by the global certificate by making a notation on the global certificate or otherwise notating such reduction in the register maintained by such Transfer Agent and Registrar. 
 (c) To effect a Fundamental Change Conversion pursuant to Section 11, a Holder must 
 (i) complete and manually sign the conversion notice on the back of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate or a facsimile of such conversion notice 
 (ii) deliver the completed conversion notice and the certificated shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted to the Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent 
 (iii) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and 
 (iv) if required, pay all transfer or similar taxes or duties, if any. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, to effect a Fundamental Change Conversion pursuant to Section 11 of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held in global form, the Holder must, in lieu of the foregoing, comply with the applicable procedures of DTC (or any other Depositary for the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held in global form appointed by the Corporation). 
 The Fundamental Change Conversion shall be effective on the date on which a Holder has satisfied the foregoing requirements, to the extent applicable (the Fundamental Change Conversion Date ). 
 Subject to any applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary, if more than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is surrendered for conversion at one time by or for the same Holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock so surrendered. 
 A Holder shall not be required to pay any transfer or similar taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of Common Stock upon conversion, but such Holder shall be required to pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of Common Stock in a name other than the name of such Holder. 
 -32- 

A certificate representing the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be issued and delivered to the converting Holder or, if the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock being converted are in book-entry form, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be delivered to the converting Holder through book-entry transfer through the facilities of the Depositary, in each case, together with delivery by the Corporation to the converting Holder of any cash to which the converting Holder is entitled, only after all applicable taxes and duties, if any, payable by such converting Holder have been paid in full, on the later of (i) the second Business Day immediately succeeding the Fundamental Change Conversion Date and (ii) the Business Day after the Holder has paid in full all applicable taxes and duties, if any. 
 The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Fundamental Change Conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder(s) of such shares of Common Stock as of the Close of Business on the applicable Fundamental Change Conversion Date. Prior to the Close of Business on such applicable Fundamental Change Conversion Date, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose, and Holders shall have no rights, powers or preferences with respect to the Common Stock, including voting powers, rights to respond to tender offers for the Common Stock and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the Common Stock, by virtue of holding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 In the event that a Fundamental Change Conversion is effected with respect to shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock representing less than all the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held by a Holder, upon such Fundamental Change Conversion the Corporation shall execute and instruct the Transfer Agent and Registrar to countersign and deliver to the Holder thereof, at the expense of the Corporation, a certificate evidencing the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to which Fundamental Change Conversion was not effected, or, if Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form, the Corporation shall cause the Transfer Agent and Registrar to reduce the number of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock represented by the global certificate by making a notation on Schedule I attached to the global certificate or otherwise notate such reduction in the register maintained by such Transfer Agent and Registrar. 
 (d) In the event that a Holder shall not by written notice designate the name in which shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of such Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock should be registered or, if applicable, the address to which the certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock should be sent, the Corporation shall be entitled to register such shares, and make such payment, in the name of the Holder as shown on the records of the Corporation and, if applicable, to send the certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock to the address of such Holder shown on the records of the Corporation. 
 (e) Shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall cease to be outstanding on the applicable Conversion Date, subject to the right of Holders of such shares to receive shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and other amounts and shares of Common Stock, if any, to which they are entitled pursuant to Sections 9, 10 or 11, as applicable and, if the applicable Conversion Date occurs after the Regular Record Date for a declared dividend and prior to the immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date, subject to the right of the Record Holders of such shares of the 
 -33- 

Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on such Regular Record Date to receive payment of the full amount of such declared dividend on such Dividend Payment Date pursuant to Section 4. 
 Section 13. Reservation of Common Stock . 
 (a) The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for issuance upon the conversion of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from any preemptive or other similar rights, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the maximum number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of all shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (which shall initially equal a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the sum of (x) the product of (i) 30,000,000 shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the initial Maximum Conversion Rate and (y) the product of (i) 30,000,000 shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and (ii) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that would be added to the Mandatory Conversion Rate assuming (A) the Corporation paid no dividends on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock prior to the Mandatory Conversion Date and (B) the Floor Price is greater than 97 of the relevant Average Price). For purposes of this Section 13(a), the number of shares of Common Stock that shall be deliverable upon the conversion of all outstanding shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be computed as if at the time of computation all such outstanding shares were held by a single Holder. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall be entitled to deliver upon conversion of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or as payment of any dividend on such shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as herein provided, shares of Common Stock reacquired and held in the treasury of the Corporation (in lieu of the issuance of authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock), so long as any such treasury shares are free and clear of all liens, charges, security interests or encumbrances (other than liens, charges, security interests and other encumbrances created by the Holders). 
 (c) All shares of Common Stock delivered upon conversion of, or as payment of a dividend on, the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests and other encumbrances (other than liens, charges, security interests and other encumbrances created by the Holders) and free of preemptive rights. 
 (d) Prior to the delivery of any securities that the Corporation shall be obligated to deliver upon conversion of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all federal and state laws and regulations thereunder requiring the registration of such securities with, or any approval of or consent to the delivery thereof by, any governmental authority. 
 (e) The Corporation hereby covenants and agrees that, if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on NYSE or any other national securities exchange or automated quotation system, the Corporation shall, if permitted by the rules of such exchange or automated quotation system, list and use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, all Common Stock issuable upon conversion (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Mandatory Conversion Additional Conversion Amount or Early Conversion Additional Conversion Amount) of, or issuable in respect of the payment of dividends, the Accumulated Dividend Amount and the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount on, the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock provided , however , that if the rules of such exchange or automated quotation system permit the Corporation to defer the listing of such Common Stock until the earlier of (x) the first conversion of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into Common Stock 
 -34- 

in accordance with the provisions hereof and (y) the first payment of any dividends, any Accumulated Dividend Amount or any Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation covenants to list such Common Stock issuable upon the earlier of (1) the first conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and (2) the first payment of any dividends, any Accumulated Dividend Amount or any Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with the requirements of such exchange or automated quotation system at such time. 
 Section 14. Fractional Shares . 
 (a) No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued to Holders as a result of any conversion of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (b) In lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable in respect of the aggregate number of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of any Holder that are converted on the Mandatory Conversion Date pursuant to Section 9 or at the option of the Holder pursuant to Section 10 or Section 11, the Corporation shall pay an amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent) equal to the product of (i) that same fraction and (ii) the Average VWAP of the Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Conversion Date, Early Conversion Date or Fundamental Change Conversion Date, as applicable. In the event the Corporation cannot pay cash in lieu of a fractional share, the Corporation shall instead round up to the nearest whole share for each Holder, and the Corporation shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash and such amount shall not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Section 15. Anti-Dilution Adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rates . (a) Each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted as set forth in this Section 15, except that the Corporation shall not make any adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rates if Holders participate (other than in the case of a share split or share combination), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in any of the transactions set forth in Sections 15(a)(i)-(v) without having to convert their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the Maximum Conversion Rate as of the Record Date for such transaction, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder. 
 (i) If the Corporation exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of Common Stock, or if the Corporation effects a share split or share combination, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR 1 
 CR 0 
 x OS 1 
 OS 0 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the 
 -35- 

Open of Business on the Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable 
 CR 1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on such Record Date or immediately after the Open of Business on such Effective Date, as applicable 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on such Record Date or immediately prior to the Open of Business on such Effective Date, as applicable, before giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination and 
 OS 1 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination. 
 Any adjustment made under this Section 15(a)(i) shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the Open of Business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type set forth in this Section 15(a)(i) is declared but not so paid or made, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. For the purposes of this Section 15(a)(i), the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date or immediately prior to the Open of Business on the relevant Effective Date, as the case may be, and the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination shall, in each case, not include shares that the Corporation holds in treasury. The Corporation shall not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock that it holds in treasury. 
 (ii) If the Corporation issues to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock any rights, options or warrants entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 
 CR 1 
 CR 0 
 x OS 1 + X 
 OS 0 + Y 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date for such issuance 
 -36- 

CR 1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on such Record Date 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on such Record Date 
 X the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants and 
 Y the number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by (ii) the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants. 
 Any increase made under this Section 15(a)(ii) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the Record Date for such issuance. To the extent that such rights, options or warrants are not exercised prior to their expiration or shares of Common Stock are not delivered after the exercise of such rights, options or warrants, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered, if any. If such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee, thereof determines not to issue such rights, options or warrants, to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such Record Date for such issuance had not occurred. 
 For the purpose of this Section 15(a)(ii), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at less than such Average VWAP per share for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Corporation for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof. 
 (iii) (A) If the Corporation distributes shares of its capital stock, evidences of the Corporation s indebtedness, other assets or property of the Corporation or rights, options or warrants to acquire its capital stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, excluding 
 (1) dividends, distributions or issuances as to which the provisions set forth in Section 15(a)(i) or Section 15(a)(ii) shall apply 
 -37- 

(2) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in Section 15(a)(iv) shall apply 
 (3) any dividends and distributions upon conversion of, or in exchange for, shares of Common Stock in connection with a recapitalization, reclassification, change, consolidation, merger or other combination, share exchange, or sale, lease or other transfer or disposition resulting in the change in the conversion consideration as set forth under Section 16 
 (4) except as otherwise set forth in Section 15(a)(vii), rights issued pursuant to a shareholder rights plan adopted by the Corporation and 
 (5) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in Section 15(a)(iii)(B) shall apply 
 then each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 
 CR 1 
 CR 0 
 x SP 0 
 SP 0 - FMV 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date for such distribution 
 CR 1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on such Record Date 
 SP 0 the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Date for such distribution and 
 FMV the fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, in good faith) of the shares of capital stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants so distributed, expressed as an amount per share of Common Stock on the Ex-Date for such distribution. 
 Any increase made under this Section 15(a)(iii)(A) will become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the Record Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), or if the difference is less than 1.00, in lieu of the foregoing increase, 
 -38- 

each Holder shall receive, in respect of each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of Common Stock, the amount and kind of the Corporation s capital stock, evidences of the Corporation s indebtedness, other assets or property of the Corporation or rights, options or warrants to acquire its capital stock or other securities that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Maximum Conversion Rate in effect on the Record Date for the distribution. 
 (B) With respect to an adjustment where there has been a Spin-Off, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 
 CR 1 
 CR 0 
 x FMV 0 + MP 0 
 MP 0 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Open of Business on the Ex-Date for the Spin-Off 
 CR 1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on the Ex-Date for the Spin-Off 
 FMV 0 the Average VWAP per share of the capital stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of Common Stock applicable to one share of Common Stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Ex-Date for the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period and 
 MP 0 the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the Valuation Period. 
 The increase to each Fixed Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph will be calculated as of the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period but will be given retroactive effect as of immediately after the Open of Business on the Ex-Date of the Spin-Off. Because the Corporation shall make the adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate with retroactive effect, it shall delay the settlement of any conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock where any date for determining the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to a Holder occurs during the Valuation Period until the second Business Day after the last Trading Day of such Valuation Period. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee, thereof determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 For purposes of this Section 15(a)(iii) (and subject in all respects to Section 15(a)(i) and Section 15(a)(ii)) 
 (A) rights, options or warrants distributed by the Corporation to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or 
 -39- 

purchase shares of the Corporation s capital stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain conditions), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events Trigger Event 
 (1) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock 
 (2) are not exercisable and 
 (3) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, 
 shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 15(a)(iii) (and no adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rates under this Section 15(a)(iii) shall be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Fixed Conversion Rates shall be made under this Section 15(a)(iii). 
 (B) If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the Initial Issue Date, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Record Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). 
 (C) In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding clause (B)) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rates under this clause (iii) was made 
 (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or repurchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or repurchase (x) the Fixed Conversion Rates shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Fixed Conversion Rates shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution pursuant to Section 15(a) (iv), equal to the per share redemption or repurchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or repurchase and 
 (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Fixed Conversion Rates shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued 
 -40- 

provided that, in each case, such rights, options or warrants are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock and are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock. 
 For purposes of Section 15(a)(i), Section 15(a)(ii) and this Section 15(a)(iii), if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 15(a)(iii) is applicable includes one or both of 
 (A) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 15(a)(i) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution or 
 (B) an issuance of rights, options or warrants to which Section 15(a)(ii) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution ), then 
 (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 15(a)(iii) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution and any Fixed Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 15(a)(iii) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made and 
 (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Fixed Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 15(a)(i) and Section 15(a)(ii) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Corporation (I) the Record Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Record Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on such Record Date or immediately prior to the Open of Business on such Effective Date within the meaning of Section 15(a)(i) or outstanding immediately prior to Close of Business on such Record Date within the meaning of Section 15(a)(ii). 
 (iv) If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock other than a regular, quarterly cash dividend that does not exceed 0.13 per share (the Initial Dividend Threshold ), each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR 1 
 CR 0 
 x SP 0 - T 
 SP 0 - C 
 
 where, 
 CR 0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution 
 CR 1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution 
 -41- 

SP 0 the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Date for such distribution 
 T the Initial Dividend Threshold provided that if the dividend or distribution is not a regular quarterly cash dividend, the Initial Dividend Threshold shall be deemed to be zero and 
 C the amount in cash per share the Corporation distributes to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock. 
 The Initial Dividend Threshold is subject to adjustment in a manner inversely proportional to adjustments to each Fixed Conversion Rate provided that no adjustment will be made to the Initial Dividend Threshold for any adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate under this Section 15(a)(iv). 
 Any increase made under this Section 15(a)(iv) shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the Record Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), or if the difference is less than 1.00, in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder shall receive, for each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Maximum Conversion Rate on the Record Date for such cash dividend or distribution. 
 (v) If the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for Common Stock (and excluding a tender offer solely to holders of fewer than 100 shares of Common Stock), to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of Common Stock exceeds the Average VWAP per share of Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period (the Averaging Period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (the Expiration Date ), each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula 
 CR 1 
 CR 0 
 x AC + (SP 1 x OS 1 
 OS 0 x SP 1 
 
 where, 
 -42- 

CR 0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the Expiration Date 
 CR 1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the Expiration Date 
 AC the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, in good faith) paid or payable for shares purchased in such tender or exchange offer 
 OS 0 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Expiration Date (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer) 
 OS 1 the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Date (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer) and 
 SP 1 the Average VWAP of Common Stock over the Averaging Period. 
 The increase to each Fixed Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph will be calculated at the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Averaging Period but will be given retroactive effect as of immediately after the Close of Business on the Expiration Date. Because the Corporation will make the adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate with retroactive effect, it will delay the settlement of any conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock where any date for determining the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to a Holder occurs during the Averaging Period until the second Business Day after the last Trading Day of the Averaging Period. For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment under this Section 15(a)(v) will be made if such adjustment would result in a decrease in any Fixed Conversion Rate, except as set forth in the immediately succeeding sentence. 
 In the event that the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such tender offer or exchange offer, but the Corporation or such Subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchases, or all such purchases are rescinded, then each Fixed Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender offer or exchange offer had not been made (or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been made and not rescinded). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this clause (v), the term tender offer is used as such term is used in the Exchange Act and the term exchange offer means an exchange offer that constitutes a tender offer. 
 (vi) If 
 (A) the record date for a dividend or distribution on shares of the Common Stock occurs after the end of the 20 consecutive Trading Day period 
 -43- 

used for calculating the Applicable Market Value and before the Mandatory Conversion Date and 
 (B) such dividend or distribution would have resulted in an adjustment of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holders had such record date occurred on or before the last Trading Day of such 20-Trading Day period, then the Corporation shall deem the Holders to be holders of record, for each share of their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Mandatory Conversion Rate for purposes of that dividend or distribution, and in such a case, the Holders would receive the dividend or distribution on Common Stock together with the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon mandatory conversion of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 (vii) If the Corporation has a rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into Common Stock, the Holders shall receive, in addition to any shares of Common Stock received in connection with such conversion, the rights under the rights plan. However, if, prior to any conversion, the rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable rights plan, each Fixed Conversion Rate will be adjusted at the time of separation as if the 
 Corporation distributed to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, shares of its capital stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants as set forth in Section 15(a)(iii)(A), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. 
 (viii) The Corporation may (but is not required to), to the extent permitted by law and the rules of NYSE or any other securities exchange on which the shares of Common Stock or the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is then listed, increase each Fixed Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if such increase is irrevocable during such 20 Business Days and the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, determines that such increase would be in the best interest of the Corporation. The Corporation may also (but is not required to) make such increases in each Fixed Conversion Rate as it deems advisable in order to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock resulting from any dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or issuance of rights or warrants to acquire shares of Common Stock) or from any event treated as such for income tax purposes or for any other reason. However, in either case, the Corporation may only make such discretionary adjustments if it makes the same proportionate adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate. 
 (ix) The Corporation shall not adjust the Fixed Conversion Rates 
 (A) upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on securities of the Corporation and the investment of additional optional amounts in Common Stock under any plan 
 (B) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock, warrants, options, units or other rights to or securities exercisable for the purchase or issuance of such shares of Common Stock (including the net share settlement of any such securities) pursuant to any present or future retirement, deferred 
 -44- 

compensation, incentive, equity or other benefit plan or program of or assumed by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (C) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (B) of this Section 15(a)(ix) and outstanding as of the Initial Issue Date 
 (D) for a change in par value of the Common Stock 
 (E) for stock repurchases that are not tender or exchange offers referred to in Section 15(a)(v), including structured or derivative transactions or pursuant to a stock repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors 
 (F) as a result of a tender offer that satisfies the exception described in Section 15(a)(v) above for offers solely to holders of fewer than 100 shares of Common Stock 
 (G) as a result of a tender or exchange offer by a Person other than the Corporation or one or more of its Subsidiaries 
 (H) for accumulated dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, except as described in Sections 9, 10 and 11 or 
 (I) for any other issuance of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities, except as otherwise stated herein. 
 (x) Adjustments to each Fixed Conversion Rate will be calculated to the nearest 1 10,000th of a share of Common Stock. No adjustment to any Fixed Conversion Rate will be required unless the adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1 of the Fixed Conversion Rate provided , however , that if an adjustment is not made because the adjustment does not change the Fixed Conversion Rates by at least 1 , then such adjustment will be carried forward and taken into account in any future adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on each date for determining the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to a Holder upon any conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall give effect to all adjustments that otherwise had been deferred pursuant to this clause (x), and those adjustments will no longer be carried forward and taken into account in any future adjustment. Except as otherwise provided above, the Corporation will be responsible for making all calculations called for under the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Fundamental Change Stock Price, the VWAPs, the Average VWAPs and the Fixed Conversion Rates of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and shall be made in good faith. 
 (xi) For the avoidance of doubt, if an adjustment is made to the Fixed Conversion Rates, no separate inversely proportionate adjustment will be made to the Initial Price or the Threshold Appreciation Price because the Initial Price is equal to 50.00 divided by the Maximum Conversion Rate (as adjusted in the manner described herein) and the Threshold Appreciation Price is equal to 50.00 divided by the Minimum Conversion Rate (as adjusted in the manner described herein). 
 -45- 

(xii) Whenever any provision of this Certificate of Designations requires the Corporation to calculate the VWAP per share of Common Stock over a span of multiple days, the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, shall make appropriate adjustments in good faith (including, without limitation, to the Applicable Market Value, the Early Conversion Average Price, the Fundamental Change Stock Price and the Average Price, as the case may be) to account for any adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rates (as the case may be) that become effective, or any event that would require such an adjustment if the Ex-Date, Effective Date, Record Date or Expiration Date, as the case may be, of such event occurs during the relevant period used to calculate such prices or values, as the case may be. 
 (b) Whenever the Fixed Conversion Rates are to be adjusted, the Corporation shall 
 (i) compute such adjusted Fixed Conversion Rates 
 (ii) within 10 Business Days after the Fixed Conversion Rates are to be adjusted, provide or cause to be provided, a written notice to the Holders of the occurrence of such event and 
 (iii) within 10 Business Days after the Fixed Conversion Rates are to be adjusted, provide or cause to be provided, to the Holders, a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the method by which the adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rates were determined and setting forth such adjusted Fixed Conversion Rates. 
 Section 16. Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of Common Stock . In the event of 
 (a) any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into another Person or any conversion of the Corporation or domestication in or transfer to a foreign jurisdiction 
 (b) any sale, transfer, lease or conveyance to another Person of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Corporation 
 (c) any reclassification of Common Stock into securities, including securities other than Common Stock or 
 (d) any statutory exchange of securities of the Corporation with another Person (other than in connection with a merger or acquisition or a conversion of the Corporation or domestication in or transfer to a foreign jurisdiction), 
 in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (each, a Reorganization Event ), each share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization Event shall, without the consent of the Holders, become convertible into the kind of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that such Holder would have been entitled to receive if such Holder had converted its Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into Common Stock immediately prior to such Reorganization Event (such stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof), the Exchange Property , with each Unit of Exchange Property meaning the kind and amount of such Exchange Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive). 
 -46- 

If any Reorganization Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), the Exchange Property into which the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of the Common Stock in such Reorganization Event. 
 The Corporation shall notify Holders of the weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. 
 The number of Units of Exchange Property the Corporation shall deliver for each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock converted, or as a payment of dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as applicable, following the effective date of such Reorganization Event shall be determined as if references in Section 7, Section 9, Section 10 and Section 11 to shares of Common Stock were to Units of Exchange Property (without interest thereon and without any right to dividends or distributions thereon which have a Record Date that is prior to the date on which Holders of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock become holders of record of the underlying shares of Common Stock). For the purpose of determining which of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of Section 9(b) shall apply upon Mandatory Conversion, and for the purpose of calculating the Mandatory Conversion Rate if clause (ii) of Section 9(b) is applicable, the value of a Unit of Exchange Property shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof (which determination will be final), except that if a Unit of Exchange Property includes common stock or American Depositary Receipts ADRs that are traded on a U.S. national securities exchange, the value of such common stock or ADRs shall be the average over the 20 consecutive Trading Day period used for calculating the Applicable Market Value of the volume-weighted Average Prices for such common stock or ADRs, as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg screen (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof (which determination will be final)) or, if such price is not available, the average market value per share of such common stock or ADRs over such period as determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by the Corporation for this purpose. 
 The above provisions of this Section 16 shall similarly apply to successive Reorganization Events, and the provisions of Section 15 shall apply to any shares of capital stock or ADRs of the Corporation (or any successor thereto) received by the holders of Common Stock in any such Reorganization Event. 
 The Corporation (or any successor thereto) shall, as soon as reasonably practicable (but in any event within 20 calendar days) after the occurrence of any Reorganization Event, provide written notice to the Holders of such occurrence and of the kind and amount of cash, securities or other property that constitute the Exchange Property. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the operation of this Section 16. 
 -47- 

In connection with any Reorganization Event, the Initial Dividend Threshold shall be subject to adjustment as described in clause (i), clause (ii) or clause (iii) below, as the case may be 
 (i) In the case of a Reorganization Event in which the Exchange Property (determined, as appropriate, as set forth above in this Section 16 and excluding any dissenters appraisal rights) is composed entirely of shares of Common Stock (the Reorganization Common Stock ), the Initial Dividend Threshold at and after the effective time of such Reorganization Event will be equal to (x) the Initial Dividend Threshold immediately prior to the effective time of such Reorganization Event, divided by (y) the number of shares of Reorganization Common Stock that a holder of one share of Common Stock would receive in such Reorganization Event (such quotient rounded down to the nearest cent). 
 (ii) In the case of a Reorganization Event in which the Exchange Property (determined, as appropriate, as set forth above in this Section 16 and excluding any dissenters appraisal rights) is composed in part of shares of Reorganization Common Stock, the Initial Dividend Threshold at and after the effective time of such Reorganization Event will be equal to (x) the Initial Dividend Threshold immediately prior to the effective time of such Reorganization Event, multiplied by (y) the Reorganization Valuation Percentage for such Reorganization Event (such product rounded down to the nearest cent). 
 (iii) For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Reorganization Event in which the Exchange Property (determined, as appropriate, as set forth above in this Section 16 and excluding any dissenters appraisal rights) is composed entirely of consideration other than shares of common stock, the Initial Dividend Threshold at and after the effective time of such Reorganization Event will be equal to zero. 
 Section 17. Transfer Agent, Registrar, and Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent . The duly appointed Transfer Agent, Registrar and Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent for Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. The Corporation may, in its sole discretion, remove the Transfer Agent, Registrar or Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent in accordance with the agreement between the Corporation and the Transfer Agent, Registrar or Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent, as the case may be provided that if the Corporation removes Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the Corporation shall appoint a successor transfer agent, registrar or conversion and dividend disbursing agent, as the case may be, who shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such removal. Upon any such removal or appointment, the Corporation shall give notice thereof to the Holders. 
 Section 18. Record Holders . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation and the Transfer Agent may deem and treat the Holder of any shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes. 
 Section 19. Notices . All notices or communications in respect of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be sufficiently given if given in writing and delivered by first class mail, postage prepaid, or if given in such other manner as may be permitted in this Certificate of Designations, in the Charter or the Bylaws and by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are represented by a Global Preferred Certificate, such notices may also be given to the Holders in any manner 
 -48- 

permitted by DTC or any similar facility used for the settlement of transactions in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Section 20. No Preemptive Rights . The Holders shall have no preemptive or preferential rights to purchase or subscribe for any stock, obligations, warrants or other securities of the Corporation of any class. 
 Section 21. Other Rights . The shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not have any rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers or relative, participating, optional or other special rights, or qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, other than as set forth herein or in the Charter or as provided by applicable law. 
 Section 22. Book-Entry Form . 
 (a) The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be issued in the form of one or more permanent global shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in definitive, fully registered form eligible for book-entry settlement with the global legend as set forth on the form of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, a Global Preferred Certificate and the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock represented by such Global Preferred Certificate, the Global Preferred Shares ), which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made part of this Certificate of Designations. The Global Preferred Certificates may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rules or agreements to which the Corporation is subject, if any, or usage provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement is in a form acceptable to the Corporation). The Global Preferred Certificates shall be deposited on behalf of the Holders represented thereby with the Registrar, at its New York office as custodian for the Depositary, and registered in the name of the Depositary, duly executed by the Corporation and countersigned and registered by the Registrar as hereinafter provided. The aggregate number of shares represented by each Global Preferred Certificate may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Registrar and the Depositary or its nominee as hereinafter provided. 
 This Section 22(a) shall apply only to a Global Preferred Certificate deposited with or on behalf of the Depositary. The Corporation shall execute and the Registrar shall, in accordance with this Section 22(a), countersign and deliver any Global Preferred Certificate that (i) shall be registered in the name of Cede & Co. or other nominee of the Depositary and (ii) shall be delivered by the Registrar to Cede & Co. or pursuant to instructions received from Cede & Co. or held by the Registrar as custodian for the Depositary pursuant to an agreement between the Depositary and the Registrar. Members of, or participants in, the Depositary Agent Members shall have no rights under this Certificate of Designations with respect to any Global Preferred Share held on their behalf by the Depositary or by the Registrar as the custodian of the Depositary, or under such Global Preferred Share, and the Depositary may be treated by the Corporation, the Registrar and any agent of the Corporation or the Registrar as the absolute owner of such Global Preferred Share for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Corporation, the Registrar or any agent of the Corporation or the Registrar from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of the Depositary governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Preferred Share. The Holder of the Global Preferred Shares may grant proxies or otherwise authorize any Person to take any action 
 -49- 

that a Holder is entitled to take pursuant to the Global Preferred Shares, this Certificate of Designations or the Charter. 
 Owners of beneficial interests in Global Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to receive physical delivery of certificated shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, unless (x) the Depositary notifies the Corporation that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Preferred Shares and the Corporation does not appoint a qualified replacement for the Depositary within 90 days or (y) the Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and the Corporation does not appoint a qualified replacement for the Depositary within 90 days. In any such case, the Global Preferred Certificates shall be exchanged in whole for definitive stock certificates that are not issued in global form, with the same terms and of an equal aggregate Liquidation Preference, and such definitive stock certificates shall be registered in the name or names of the Person or Persons specified by the Depositary in a written instrument to the Registrar. 
 (b) Signature . Any two authorized Officers shall sign each Global Preferred Certificate for the Corporation, in accordance with the Corporation s Bylaws and applicable Delaware law, by manual or facsimile signature. If an Officer whose signature is on a Global Preferred Certificate no longer holds that office at the time the Registrar countersigned such Global Preferred Certificate, such Global Preferred Certificate shall be valid nevertheless. A Global Preferred Certificate shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Registrar manually countersigns such Global Preferred Certificate. Each Global Preferred Certificate shall be dated the date of its countersignature. The foregoing paragraph shall likewise apply to any certificate representing shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Section 23. Listing . The Corporation hereby covenants and agrees that, if its listing application for the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is approved by NYSE, upon such listing, the Corporation shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock listed on NYSE (or if the Common Stock is not listed on NYSE, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed). 
 If the Global Preferred Share or Global Preferred Shares, as the case may be, shall be listed on NYSE or any other stock exchange, the Depositary may, with the written approval of the Corporation, appoint a registrar (acceptable to the Corporation) for registration of such Global Preferred Share or Global Preferred Shares, as the case may be, in accordance with the requirements of such exchange. Such registrar (which may be the Registrar if so permitted by the requirements of such exchange) may be removed and a substitute registrar appointed by the Registrar upon the request or with the written approval of the Corporation. If the Global Preferred Share or Global Preferred Shares, as the case may be, are listed on one or more other stock exchanges, the Registrar will, at the request and expense of the Corporation, arrange such facilities for the delivery, transfer, surrender and exchange of such Global Preferred Share or Global Preferred Shares, as the case may be, and the Global Preferred Certificate or Global Preferred Certificates representing such shares as may be required by law or applicable stock exchange regulations. 
 -50- 

Section 24. Stock Certificates . 
 (a) Shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock may be represented by stock certificates substantially in the form set forth as Exhibit A hereto. 
 (b) Stock certificates representing shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be signed by any two authorized Officers of the Corporation, in accordance with the Bylaws and applicable Delaware law, by manual or facsimile signature. 
 (c) A stock certificate representing shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be valid until manually countersigned by an authorized signatory of the Transfer Agent and Registrar. Each stock certificate representing shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be dated the date of its countersignature. 
 (d) If any Officer of the Corporation who has signed a stock certificate no longer holds that office at the time the Transfer Agent and Registrar countersigns the stock certificate, the stock certificate shall be valid nonetheless. 
 Section 25. Replacement Certificates . If any Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall, at the expense of the Holder, issue, in exchange and in substitution for and upon cancellation of the mutilated Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate, or in lieu of and substitution for the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate lost, stolen or destroyed, a new Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate of like tenor and representing an equivalent Liquidation Preference of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock certificate and indemnity, if requested, reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation and the Transfer Agent. 
 Section 26. Withholding . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Corporation or any agent of the Corporation shall have the right to deduct and withhold from any payment or distribution (or deemed distribution) made with respect to any share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (including the delivery of shares of Common Stock and or cash upon conversion or redemption of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any deemed distribution to any Holder in respect of an adjustment to any Fixed Conversion Rate) such amounts as are required to be deducted or withheld with respect to the making of such payment or distribution (or deemed distribution) or delivery under applicable tax law without liability therefor. To the extent that any amounts are so deducted or withheld, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes as having been paid (or delivered) to the applicable Holder. In the event the Corporation or any agent of the Corporation remits any amounts to a governmental authority on account of taxes required to be deducted or withheld in respect of any payment or distribution (or deemed distribution) or delivery with respect to any share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to an applicable Holder, the Corporation and any such agent shall be entitled to offset any such amounts against any amounts (including shares of Common Stock) otherwise payable or deliverable to the applicable Holder hereunder or under any other instrument or agreement. 
 Signature page follows 
 -51- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Designations to be signed by David Antczak, its Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, this 17th day of December, 2024. 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY 
 By s David Antczak Name David Antczak Title Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Exhibit A 
 
 FORM OF FACE OF 7.625 SERIES C MANDATORY CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK CERTIFICATE 
 INCLUDE FOR GLOBAL PREFERRED SHARES 
 UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION DTC ), TO THE CORPORATION OR THE TRANSFER AGENT NAMED ON THE FACE OF THIS CERTIFICATE, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
 TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO SHARES. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE TRANSFER AGENT NAMED ON THE FACE OF THIS CERTIFICATE SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

Certificate Number 
 Number of Shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 CUSIP 42824C 208 
 ISIN US42824C2089 
 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY 
 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 (par value 0.01 per share) 
 (Liquidation Preference as specified below) 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies that (the Holder ), is the registered owner of fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Corporation s designated 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, with a par value of 0.01 per share and a Liquidation Preference of 50.00 per share (the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ). The shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are transferable on the books and records of the Registrar, in person or by a duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this certificate duly endorsed and in proper form for transfer. The designations, rights, restrictions, preferences and other terms and provisions of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock represented hereby are and shall in all respects be subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Designations of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, dated September , 2024, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Certificate of Designations ). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning given them in the Certificate of Designations. The Corporation will provide a copy of the Certificate of Designations to the Holder without charge upon written request to the Corporation at its principal place of business. In the case of any conflict between this Certificate and the Certificate of Designations, the provisions of the Certificate of Designations shall control and govern. 
 Reference is hereby made to the provisions of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock set forth on the reverse hereof and in the Certificate of Designations, which provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 
 Upon receipt of this executed certificate, the Holder is bound by the Certificate of Designations and is entitled to the benefits thereunder. 
 Unless the Transfer Agent and Registrar have properly countersigned, these shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Certificate of Designations or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this certificate has been executed on behalf of the Corporation by the below authorized Officers of the Corporation this of . 

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY 
 By 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 By 
 
 Name 
 Title 

COUNTERSIGNATURE 
 These are shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock referred to in the within-mentioned Certificate of Designations. 
 Dated 
 
 Equiniti Trust Company, LLC 
 as Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 By 
 
 Name 
 Title 

FORM OF REVERSE OF CERTIFICATE FOR 7.625 SERIES C 
 MANDATORY CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 
 Cumulative dividends on each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be payable at the applicable rate provided in the Certificate of Designations when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment. 
 The shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible in the manner and accordance with the terms set forth in the Certificate of Designations. 
 The Corporation shall furnish without charge to each Holder who so requests the powers, designations, limitations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class or series of stock of the Corporation and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. 

NOTICE OF CONVERSION 
 (To be Executed by the Holder 
 in order to Convert 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock) 
 The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert (the Conversion 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ), of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (hereinafter called the Corporation ), represented by stock certificate No(s). (the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Certificates ), into common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the Common Stock according to the conditions of the Certificate of Designations of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ), as of the date written below. 
 If Common Stock is to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned shall pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto, if any. Each Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate (or evidence of loss, theft or destruction thereof) is attached hereto. 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in or pursuant to the Certificate of Designations. 
 
 Date of Conversion 
 Applicable Conversion Rate Shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to be Converted Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Signature Name Address Fax No. 
 
 The Corporation is not required to issue Common Stock until the original Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate(s) (or evidence of loss, theft or destruction thereof) to be converted are received by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent and Registrar named on the face of this Certificate. 
 
 Address where Common Stock and any other payments or certificates shall be sent by the Corporation. 

ASSIGNMENT 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers the shares of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock evidenced hereby to 
 (Insert assignee s social security or taxpayer identification number, if any) 
 (Insert address and zip code of assignee) 
 and irrevocably appoints 
 as agent to transfer the shares of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock evidenced hereby on the books of the Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Transfer Agent and Registrar may substitute another to act for him or her. 
 
 Date Signature 
 
 (Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Certificate) 
 
 Signature Guarantee 
 
 (Signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution that is a bank, stockbroker, savings and loan association or credit union meeting the requirements of the Transfer Agent and Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program STAMP or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Transfer Agent and Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) 

</EX-3.8>

<EX-4.18>
 3
 ex-418xdescriptionofsecuri.htm
 EX-4.18

Document 

Exhibit 4.18 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description of the terms of the securities of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company we , our , us or the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is a summary and is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), Certificate of Designations of 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations ), and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is included as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Designations, Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. 
 
 General 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 9,900,000,000 shares, consisting of 9,600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 300,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, which may be designated from time to time in accordance with our Certificate of Incorporation and of which 30,000,000 shares are designated as 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted upon by the common stockholders. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Dividend Rights Subject to any preferential rights of holders of our outstanding preferred stock, including the preferential rights of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors (the Board out of funds legally available for that purpose. 
 
 Liquidation Rights Subject to any preferential rights of holders of our outstanding preferred stock, including the preferential rights of shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, holders of our common stock are entitled to ratable distribution of its assets remaining after the payment in full of liabilities and any preferential rights of any holders of then-outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Others Rights, Restrictions and Preferences Holders of our common stock will have no preemptive, conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The common stock currently outstanding is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 On September 13, 2024, HPE issued 30,000,000 shares of our 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. A copy of the Certificate of Designations setting forth the terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This description of the terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and the Certificate of Designations. 
 
 The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we have issued, including our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, or may designate and issue in the future. Our Board has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 300,000,000 total shares of preferred stock in one or more 

series. Our Board may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on our common stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. 
 
 Ranking The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and or distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, as applicable, will rank 
 senior to (i) our common stock, (ii) our Series B Junior Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B Junior Preferred Stock and (iii) each other class or series of our capital stock established after the first original issue date of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (which we refer to as the Initial Issue Date ), the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series ranks either (x) senior to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or (y) on parity with the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution (which we refer to collectively as Junior Stock 
 on parity with any class or series of our capital stock established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank on parity with the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution (which we refer to collectively as Parity Stock 
 junior to each class or series of our capital stock established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights or distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution (which we refer to collectively as Senior Stock and 
 junior to our existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities. 
 
 In addition, with respect to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be structurally subordinated to any existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of each of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Listing The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), under the symbol HPEPrC . 
 
 Dividends Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of any Senior Stock, holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our Board, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the rate per annum of 7.625 on the Liquidation Preference (as defined below) of 50.00 per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (equivalent to 3.81 per annum per share), payable in cash, by delivery of shares of our common stock or through any combination of cash and shares of our common stock, as determined by Board, or an authorized committee thereof, in its sole discretion (subject to the limitations described below). If declared, dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year to, and including, September 1, 2027, having commenced on December 1, 2024 (each, a Dividend Payment Date ), at such annual rate, and dividends shall accumulate from the most recent date as to which dividends shall have been paid or, if no dividends have been paid, from the Initial Issue Date of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, whether or not in any dividend period or periods there have been funds legally available or shares of common stock legally permitted to be issued for the payment of such dividends. If declared, dividends will be payable on the relevant Dividend Payment Date to holders of record of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as they appear on our stock register at the Close of Business (as defined below) on February 15, May 15, August 15 or November 15, as applicable, immediately preceding the relevant Dividend Payment Date (each, a Regular Record Date ), whether or not such holders convert their shares, or such shares are automatically converted, after such Regular Record Date and on or prior to such immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date provided that the Regular Record Date for any such dividend shall not precede the date on which such dividend was so declared. These Regular Record Dates will apply regardless of whether a particular Regular Record Date is a Business Day. A Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in 

New York City are authorized or required by law or executive order to close. If a Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day, without any interest or other payment in lieu of interest accruing with respect to this delay. 
 
 A full dividend period is the period from, and including, a Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date, except that the initial dividend period commenced on, and included, the Initial Issue Date of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and ended on and excluded the December 1, 2024 Dividend Payment Date. The amount of dividends payable on each share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for each full dividend period (after the initial dividend period) will be computed by dividing the annual dividend rate by four. Dividends payable on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for the initial dividend period and any partial dividend period will be computed based upon the actual number of days elapsed during such period over a 360-day year (consisting of twelve 30-day months). Accordingly, the dividend on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for the initial dividend period, assuming the Initial Issue Date is September 13, 2024 was approximately 0.83 per share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (based on the annual dividend rate of 7.625 and a Liquidation Preference of 50.00 per share) and was declared by our Board and on December 1, 2024, paid to the holders of record thereof on November 15, 2024. The dividend on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for each subsequent full dividend period, when, as and if declared, will be 0.95 per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (based on the annual dividend rate of 7.625 and a Liquidation Preference of 50.00 per share). Accumulated dividends on shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will not bear interest, nor shall additional dividends be payable thereon, if they are paid subsequent to the applicable Dividend Payment Date. 
 
 No dividend will be paid unless and until our Board, or an authorized committee of our Board, declares a dividend payable with respect to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. No dividend will be declared or paid upon, or any sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock set apart for the payment of dividends upon, any outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to any dividend period unless all dividends for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid upon, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends upon, all outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Except as described above, dividends on shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock converted to common stock will cease to accumulate, and all other rights of holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will terminate, from and after the Mandatory Conversion Date, the Fundamental Change Conversion Date or the Early Conversion Date (each, as defined below), as applicable (other than the right to receive the consideration due upon such conversion as described herein). 
 
 Our ability to declare and pay cash dividends and to make other distributions with respect to our capital stock, including the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, may be limited by the terms of our and our subsidiaries existing and any future indebtedness, including our and our subsidiaries revolving credit facilities and the indentures governing our subsidiaries notes. Any credit facilities, indentures or other financing agreements we enter into in the future may contain covenants that restrict our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock, including the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. In addition, our senior credit facilities include a financial maintenance covenant based on interest coverage (and, in some cases, total leverage), which may be adversely affected by the use of cash to pay dividends. In addition, our ability to declare and pay dividends may be limited by applicable Delaware law. 
 
 Method and Payment of Dividends Subject to the limitations described below, we may pay any declared dividend (or any portion of any declared dividend) on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (whether or not for a current dividend period or any prior dividend period, including in connection with the payment of declared and unpaid dividends pursuant to the provisions described in Mandatory Conversion and Conversion at the Option of the Holder Upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make Whole Amount ), determined in our sole discretion 
 in cash 
 by delivery of shares of our common stock or 
 through any combination of cash and shares of our common stock. 

We will make each payment of a declared dividend on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in cash, except to the extent we elect to make all or any portion of such payment in shares of our common stock. We will give the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock notice of any such election and the portion of such payment that will be made in cash and the portion that will be made in shares of our common stock no later than ten Scheduled Trading Days (as defined below) prior to the Dividend Payment Date for such dividend provided, however, that if we do not provide timely notice of this election, we will be deemed to have elected to pay the relevant dividend in cash. All cash payments to which a holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled in connection with a declared dividend on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be rounded to the nearest cent. 
 
 If we elect to make any such payment of a declared dividend, or any portion thereof, in shares of our common stock, such shares will be valued for such purpose, in the case of any dividend payment or portion thereof, at 97 of the Average VWAP (as defined below) per share of our common stock over the five consecutive Trading Days (as defined below) period beginning on, and including, the sixth Scheduled Trading Day (as defined below) prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date (such average, the Average Price ). If the five Trading Day period to determine the Average Price ends on or after the relevant Dividend Payment Date (whether because a Scheduled Trading Day is not a Trading Day due to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (as defined herein) or otherwise), then the Dividend Payment Date will be postponed until the second Business Day after the final Trading Day of such five Trading Day period provided that no interest or other amounts will accrue as a result of such postponement. 
 
 No fractional shares of our common stock will be delivered to the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in payment or partial payment of a dividend. We will instead, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so, pay a cash amount (computed to the nearest cent) to each holder that would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of our common stock based on the Average Price with respect to such dividend. In the event that we cannot pay cash in lieu of a fractional share, we will instead round up to the nearest whole share for each holder, and we shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash and such amount shall not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 To the extent a shelf registration statement is required in our reasonable judgment in connection with the issuance of, or for resales of, shares of our common stock issued as payment of a dividend on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, including dividends paid in connection with a conversion, we will, to the extent a registration statement covering such shares is not currently filed and effective, use our commercially reasonable efforts to file and maintain the effectiveness of such a shelf registration statement until the earlier of such time as all such shares of common stock have been resold thereunder and such time as all such shares would be freely tradable without registration by holders thereof that are not (and were not at any time during the preceding three months) affiliates of ours for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act ). To the extent applicable, we will also use our commercially reasonable efforts to have such shares of our common stock approved for listing on the NYSE (or if our common stock is not listed on the NYSE, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which our common stock is then listed), and qualified or registered under applicable state securities laws, if required provided that we will not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would subject us to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where we are not presently qualified or where we are not presently subject to taxation as a foreign corporation and such qualification or action would subject us to such taxation. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the number of shares of our common stock to be delivered in connection with any declared dividend, including any declared dividend payable in connection with a conversion, exceed a number equal to 
 the declared dividend, divided by 
 5.64, which amount represents approximately 35 of the Initial Price (as defined below), subject to adjustment in a manner inversely proportional to any anti-dilution adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate as set forth below in Anti-Dilution Adjustments (such dollar amount, as adjusted, the Floor Price ). 

To the extent that the amount of any declared dividend exceeds the product of (x) the number of shares of our common stock delivered in connection with such declared dividend and (y) 97 of the Average Price, we will, if we are legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing our indebtedness, notwithstanding any notice by us to the contrary, pay such excess amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent). Any such payment in cash may not be permitted by our then existing debt instruments. To the extent that we are not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with our indebtedness, we will not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of our common stock in respect of such amount, and such amount will not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividend Stopper So long as any share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend or distribution shall be declared or paid on our common stock or any other class or series of Junior Stock, and no common stock or any other class or series of Junior Stock or Parity Stock shall be, directly or indirectly, purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us or any of our subsidiaries unless, in each case, all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid in full in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends, on all outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. The foregoing limitation shall not apply to (i) any dividend or distribution payable in shares of common stock or other Junior Stock, together with cash in lieu of any fractional share, (ii) purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of common stock or other Junior Stock or Parity Stock in connection with the administration of any benefit or other incentive plan, including any employment or compensation agreement, including, without limitation, (x) the forfeiture of unvested shares of restricted stock or share withholdings or other acquisitions or surrender of shares or derivative securities to which the holder may otherwise be entitled upon exercise, delivery or vesting of equity awards (whether in payment of applicable taxes, the exercise price or otherwise) and (y) the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares (iii) purchases or deemed purchases or acquisitions of fractional interests in shares of any of our common stock or other Junior Stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such shares of other Junior Stock or any securities exchangeable for or convertible into shares of common stock or other Junior Stock (iv) any dividends or distributions of rights or common stock or other Junior Stock in connection with a stockholders rights plan or any redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant to any stockholders rights plan (v) purchases of common stock or other Junior Stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy common stock or other Junior Stock, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, in each case, existing prior to September 10, 2024 (vi) the acquisition by us or any of our subsidiaries of record ownership in common stock or other Junior Stock or Parity Stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than us or any of our subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians, and the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares (vii) the exchange or conversion of Junior Stock for or into other Junior Stock or of Parity Stock for or into other Parity Stock (with the same or lesser aggregate liquidation preference) or Junior Stock and the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares or (viii) the settlement of any convertible note hedge transactions or capped call transactions entered into in connection with the issuance, by us or any of our subsidiaries, of any debt securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock (or into or for any combination of cash and our common stock based on the value of our common stock), provided such convertible note hedge transactions or capped call transactions, as applicable, are on customary terms and were entered into either (a) before the Initial Issue Date or (b) in compliance with the foregoing provision. 
 
 When dividends on shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (i) have not been declared and paid in full on any Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from such Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within a regular dividend period related to such Dividend Payment Date), or (ii) have been declared but a sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock sufficient for payment thereof has not been set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable Regular Record Date, no dividends may be declared or paid on any shares of Parity Stock unless dividends are declared on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock such that the respective amounts of such dividends declared on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such shares of Parity Stock shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and the holders of any shares of Parity Stock then outstanding. For purposes of calculating the pro rata allocation of partial dividend payments, the Company shall allocate those payments so that the respective amounts of those payments for the declared dividend 

bear the same ratio to each other as all accumulated and unpaid dividends per share on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all declared and unpaid dividends per share on such shares of Parity Stock bear to each other (subject to their having been declared by our Board, or an authorized committee thereof, out of legally available funds) provided, however, that any unpaid dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will continue to accumulate except as described herein. For purposes of this calculation, with respect to non-cumulative Parity Stock, we will use the full amount of dividends that would be payable for the most recent dividend period if dividends were declared in full on such non-cumulative Parity Stock. 
 
 Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such dividends as may be determined by our Board, or an authorized committee thereof, may be declared and paid (payable in cash, securities or other property) on any securities, including our common stock and other Junior Stock, from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividends. 
 
 Redemption The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will not be redeemable. However, at our option, we may purchase or exchange the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock from time to time in the open market, by tender or exchange offer or otherwise, without the consent of, or notice to, holders. 
 
 Acquisition Termination Redemption 
 
 For purposes of this section, references to 
 Juniper Acquisition refer to the Merger Sub merging with and into Juniper, with Juniper continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of HPE 
 Juniper refer to Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation and 
 Merger Agreement refer to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended or supplemented from time to time), by and among Juniper, HPE and Jasmine Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of HPE Merger Sub ). 
 
 If (x) the consummation of the Juniper Acquisition does not occur on or before the later of (i) the date that is five business days after October 9, 2025 and (ii) the date that is five business days after any later date to which Juniper and we may agree to extend the End Date in the Merger Agreement or (y) we notify the holders in writing that we will not pursue the consummation of the Juniper Acquisition, we may within 75 calendar days, at our option, give notice of a redemption to the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (provided that, to the extent the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through DTC, we may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). If we provide notice of acquisition termination redemption to holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, then, on the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date (as defined below), we will redeem the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, at a redemption amount per Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount (as defined below). 
 
 Acquisition Termination Redemption Date means the date specified by us in our notice of acquisition termination redemption that is not less than 30 nor more than 60 days following the date on which we provide notice of such acquisition termination redemption provided, that such date shall be a Business Day provided, further, that, if the Acquisition Termination Share Price is greater than the Initial Price (as defined under Mandatory Conversion and we elect to 
 pay cash in lieu of delivering all or any portion of the shares of common stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate (as defined below), or 
 deliver common stock in lieu of all or any portion of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount (as defined below), 
 
 the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date will be the second Business Day following the last Trading Day of the 20 consecutive Trading Day period used to determine the Acquisition Termination Market Value (as defined below). 

Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount means, for each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount payable in cash equal to 50.00 plus accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date (whether or not declared) provided, that if the Acquisition Termination Share Price (as defined below) exceeds the Initial Price, the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount will equal the Reference Amount (as defined below), which may be paid in cash, common stock or a combination thereof, as described below. 
 
 Acquisition Termination Share Price means the Average VWAP per ordinary share over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of acquisition termination redemption. 
 
 The Reference Amount means, for each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount equal to the sum of the following amounts 
 a number of shares of common stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate plus 
 cash in an amount equal to the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount 
 
 provided that we may deliver cash in lieu of all or any portion of the common stock set forth in clause (i) above, and we may deliver shares of common stock in lieu of all or any portion of the cash amount set forth in clause (ii) above, in each case, as described below. 
 
 Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate means a rate equal to the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate (as defined under Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount General ), assuming for such purpose that the date on which we provide notice of acquisition termination redemption is the Fundamental Change Effective Date (as defined under Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount Fundamental Change Conversion Rate ), and that the Acquisition Termination Share Price is the Fundamental Change Share Price (as defined under Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount Fundamental Change Conversion Rate ). 
 
 Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount means an amount of cash equal to the sum of 
 the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (as defined under Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and Accumulated Dividend Amount and 
 the Accumulated Dividend Amount (as defined under Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and Accumulated Dividend Amount ), 
 
 assuming in each case, for such purpose that the date on which we provide notice of acquisition termination redemption is the Fundamental Change Effective Date. 
 
 If the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price 
 we may elect to pay cash in lieu of delivering all or any portion of the common stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate. If we make such an election, we will deliver cash (rounded to the nearest cent) in an amount equal to such common stock in respect of which we have made this election multiplied by the Acquisition Termination Market Value and 
 we may elect to deliver common stock in lieu of paying cash for some or all of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount. 
 
 If we make such an election, we will deliver common stock equal to such portion of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount to be paid in common stock divided by the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Acquisition Termination Market Value provided, that if the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount or portion thereof in respect of which common stock is delivered exceeds the product of common stock multiplied by 97 of the Acquisition Termination Market Value, we will, if we are legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing its indebtedness, pay such excess amount in cash (rounded to the nearest 

cent). To the extent that we are not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with the terms of the indebtedness, we shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of our common stock in respect of such amount, and such amount will not form part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Acquisition Termination Market Value means the Average VWAP per ordinary share over the 20 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the second Trading Day following the date on which we provide notice of acquisition termination redemption. 
 
 If any portion of the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount is to be paid in common stock, no fractional shares will be delivered to the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. We will instead pay a cash adjustment to each holder that would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share based on the Average VWAP per ordinary share over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date. If more than one share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is to be redeemed from a holder, the number of shares of common stock issuable in connection with the payment of the Reference Amount shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 
 The notice of acquisition termination redemption will specify, among other things 
 the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount 
 if the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price, the number of shares of common stock and the amount of cash comprising the Reference Amount per Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (before giving effect to any election to pay or deliver, with respect to each Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, cash in lieu of all or a portion of the common stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate or common stock lieu of some or all of the cash in respect of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount) 
 if the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price, whether we will pay cash in lieu of common stock equal to the Acquisition Termination Conversion Rate comprising a portion of the Reference Amount (specifying, if applicable, the number of such shares of common stock in respect of which cash will be paid) 
 if the Acquisition Termination Share Price exceeds the Initial Price, whether we will deliver common stock in lieu of paying cash for all or any portion of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount comprising a portion of the Reference Amount (specifying, if applicable, the percentage of the Acquisition Termination Dividend Amount in respect of which common stock will be delivered in lieu of cash) and 
 the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date (specifying, as applicable, a fixed date or that the Acquisition Termination Redemption Date will be the second Business Day following the last Trading Day of the 20 consecutive Trading Day period used to determine the Acquisition Termination Market Value). 
 
 To the extent a shelf registration statement is required in our reasonable judgment in connection with the issuance of or for resales of shares of common stock issued in payment of the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount, we will, to the extent such a registration statement is not currently filed and effective, use our commercially reasonable efforts to file and maintain the effectiveness of such a shelf registration statement until the earlier of such time as all such shares of common stock have been resold thereunder and such time as all such shares of common stock are freely tradable without registration by holders thereof that are not, and have not been within the three months preceding, affiliates of ours for purposes of the Securities Act. To the extent applicable, we will also use our commercially reasonable efforts to have the common stock approved for listing on NYSE (or if our common stock is not listed on NYSE, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which our common stock are then listed) and qualified or registered under applicable state securities laws, if required provided that we will not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would subject us to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where we are not presently qualified or where we are not presently subject to taxation as a foreign corporation and such qualification or action would subject us to such taxation. 
 
 The proceeds of this offering will not be deposited into an escrow account. Our ability to pay the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount to holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with a 

redemption may be limited by our then-existing financial resources, and following our election, if any, to redeem the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, sufficient funds may not be available when necessary to pay the Acquisition Termination Make-Whole Amount. 
 
 Liquidation Preference In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, each holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive a liquidation preference in the amount of 50.00 per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Liquidation Preference ), plus an amount (the Liquidation Dividend Amount equal to accumulated and unpaid dividends on such shares, whether or not declared, to, but excluding, the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, such amount to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, after satisfaction of debt and other liabilities owed to our creditors and holders of shares of any Senior Stock and before any payment or distribution is made to holders of Junior Stock (including our common stock). If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, the amounts payable with respect to (1) the Liquidation Preference plus the Liquidation Dividend Amount on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and (2) the liquidation preference of, and the amount of accumulated and unpaid dividends (to, but excluding, the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution) on, all Parity Stock are not paid in full, the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all holders of any such Parity Stock will share equally and ratably in any distribution of our assets in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences and amounts equal to accumulated and unpaid dividends to which they are entitled. After payment to any holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the full amount of the Liquidation Preference and the Liquidation Dividend Amount for such holder s shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, such holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 
 
 Neither the sale, lease nor exchange of all or substantially all of our assets or business (other than in connection with our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution), nor our merger or consolidation into or with any other person, will be deemed to be our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and the Certificate of Designations will not contain any provision requiring funds to be set aside to protect the Liquidation Preference of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock even though it is substantially in excess of the par value thereof. 
 
 Voting Power The holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights or powers, except as described below and as specifically required by Delaware law or by our Certificate of Incorporation from time to time. 
 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend periods, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (a Nonpayment ), the authorized number of directors on our Board will, at the next annual meeting of stockholders or at a special meeting of stockholders as provided below, automatically be increased by two and the holders of such shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled, at our next annual meeting of stockholders or at a special meeting of stockholders, if any, as provided below, to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our Board (the Preferred Stock Directors provided, that the election of any such Preferred Stock Directors will not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or quoted) that requires listed or quoted companies to have a majority of independent directors provided, further, that our Board shall, at no time, include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. In the event of a Nonpayment, the holders of record of at least 25 of the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock may request that a special meeting of stockholders be called to elect such Preferred Stock Directors (provided, that if our next annual or a special meeting of stockholders is scheduled to be held within 90 days of the receipt of such request, the election of such Preferred Stock Directors, to the extent otherwise permitted by our amended and restated bylaws, will, instead, be included in the agenda for and will be held at such scheduled annual or special meeting of stockholders). The Preferred Stock Directors will stand for reelection annually, at each subsequent 

annual meeting of the stockholders, so long as the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock continue to have such voting powers. 
 
 At any meeting at which the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to elect Preferred Stock Directors, the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the then outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum and the vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of such shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Stock so present or represented by proxy at any such meeting at which there shall be a quorum shall be sufficient to elect the Preferred Stock Directors. 
 
 As used in this description, Voting Preferred Stock means any other class or series of our Parity Stock upon which like voting powers for the election of directors have been conferred and are exercisable. 
 
 If and when all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have been paid in full, or declared and a sum or number of shares of our common stock sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable Regular Record Date (a Nonpayment Remedy ), the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall immediately and, without any further action by us, be divested of the foregoing voting powers, subject to the revesting of such powers in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment. If such voting powers for the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other holders of Voting Preferred Stock have terminated, each Preferred Stock Director then in office shall automatically be disqualified as a director and shall no longer be a director and the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected will terminate at such time and the authorized number of directors on our Board shall automatically decrease by two. 
 
 Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a single class) when they have the voting powers described above. In the event that a Nonpayment shall have occurred and there shall not have been a Nonpayment Remedy, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election of Preferred Stock Directors after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, except that in the event that such vacancy is created as a result of such Preferred Stock Director being removed, or if no Preferred Stock Director remains in office, then such vacancy may be filled by a vote of the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a single class) when they have the voting powers described above provided, however, that the election of any such Preferred Stock Directors to fill such vacancy will not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or quoted) that requires listed or quoted companies to have a majority of independent directors. The Preferred Stock Directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter that comes before our Board for a vote. 
 
 So long as any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of record of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock at the time outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, by written consent without a meeting or by vote at an annual or special meeting of such stockholders 
 amend or alter the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized number of, any class or series of Senior Stock 
 amend, alter or repeal any provision of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences or voting powers of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, a merger or consolidation of us with another entity or a conversion of the Company or domestication in or transfer to a foreign jurisdiction, unless in each case (i) the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding following the consummation of such binding 

share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation or, in the case of (x) any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity (or the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is otherwise exchanged or reclassified) or (y) any such conversion, domestication or transfer, are converted or reclassified into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity, of the converted, domesticated or transferred entity or, in either case, such entity s ultimate parent and (ii) the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that remain outstanding or such shares of preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences and voting powers that, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences and voting powers, taken as a whole, of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction 
 
 provided, however , that in the event that a transaction would trigger voting powers under both the second and the third bullet point above, the third bullet point will govern provided, further, however, that (1) any increase in the number of our authorized but unissued shares of our preferred stock, (2) any increase in the number of authorized or issued shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, (3) the creation and issuance, or increase in the authorized or issued number, of any class or series of Parity Stock or Junior Stock and (4) the application of the provisions described below under the caption Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes in our Common Stock , will be deemed not to adversely affect (or to otherwise cause to be materially less favorable) the rights, preferences or voting powers of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and shall not require the affirmative vote or consent of holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law permit us, without the approval of any of our stockholders (including any holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), to establish and issue a new series of preferred stock ranking equally with or junior to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which may dilute the voting and other interests of holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 If any amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation or conversion, domestication or transfer described above would adversely affect the rights, preferences or voting powers of one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Stock (including the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for this purpose), then only the series of Voting Preferred Stock, the rights, preferences or voting powers of which are adversely affected and entitled to vote, shall vote as a class in lieu of all other series of Voting Preferred Stock. 
 
 Without the vote or consent of the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences or voting powers of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and limitations and restrictions thereof, we may amend, alter, correct, supplement or repeal any terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock by amending or supplementing our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the following purposes 
 to cure any ambiguity, omission, inconsistency or mistake in any such agreement (including any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision contained in such Certificate of Designations) 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions relating to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations 
 to waive any of our rights with respect to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or 
 to make any other change that does not materially and adversely affect the rights of any holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (other than any holder that consents to such change). 
 
 In addition, without the consent of the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in order to (i) conform the terms thereof to the description of the terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock set forth under Description of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to our offering of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as supplemented and or amended by any related pricing term sheet or (ii) file a certificate of correction with respect to the Certificate of Designations to the extent permitted by Section 103(f) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

In connection with any vote expressly set forth in this section, the number of votes that each share of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (and any Voting Preferred Stock participating in the votes set forth in this section) will have will be equal to the respective per share liquidation preference amounts of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such other Voting Preferred Stock. 
 
 Mandatory Conversion Each outstanding share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert on the Mandatory Conversion Date (as defined below), into a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Conversion Rate described below. 
 
 The Conversion Rate, which is the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of each share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date (excluding any shares of our common stock issued in respect of accrued and unpaid dividends, as described below), will be as follows 
 if the Applicable Market Value (as defined below) of our common stock is greater than the Threshold Appreciation Price, which is approximately 19.72, the Conversion Rate will be 2.5352 shares of our common stock per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Minimum Conversion Rate 
 if the Applicable Market Value of our common stock is less than or equal to the Threshold Appreciation Price but equal to or greater than the Initial Price, which is approximately 16.10, the Conversion Rate will be equal to 50.00, divided by the Applicable Market Value of our common stock, rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth of a share or 
 if the Applicable Market Value of our common stock is less than the Initial Price, the Conversion Rate will be 3.1056 shares of our common stock per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Maximum Conversion Rate ). 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Conversion Rate per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will in no event exceed the Maximum Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment as described under Anti-Dilution Adjustments below and exclusive of any amounts owing in respect of any Additional Conversion Amount or any accrued and unpaid dividends paid at our election in shares of common stock. 
 
 We refer to the Minimum Conversion Rate and the Maximum Conversion Rate collectively as the Fixed Conversion Rates. The Fixed Conversion Rates are subject to adjustment as described under Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. The Threshold Appreciation Price is calculated by dividing 50.00 by the Minimum Conversion Rate, and represents approximately 22.5 appreciation over the Initial Price. The Initial Price is calculated by dividing 50.00 by the Maximum Conversion Rate and initially equals approximately 16.10, the closing price of our common stock on September 10, 2024. 
 
 If we declare a dividend on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for the dividend period ending on, but excluding, September 1, 2027, we will pay such dividend to the holders of record as of the immediately preceding Regular Record Date, as described above under Dividends. If, on or prior to September 1, 2027 we have not declared a dividend payable in the amount of all or any portion of the accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Conversion Rate will be adjusted so that holders receive an additional number of shares of our common stock equal to 
 the amount of such undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Additional Conversion Amount ), divided by 
 the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Average Price (calculated using September 1, 2027, as the applicable Dividend Payment Date). 
 
 To the extent that the Additional Conversion Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and 97 of the Average Price, we will, if we are legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing our indebtedness, declare and pay such excess amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent) pro rata per share to the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Any such payment in cash may not be permitted by our then existing debt instruments. To the extent that we are not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with our indebtedness, we will not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of our common stock in respect of such amount, and such amount will not form a part of the cumulative dividends on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Hypothetical Conversion Values Upon Mandatory Conversion For illustrative purposes only, the following table shows the number of shares of our common stock that a holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock would receive upon mandatory conversion of one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at various Applicable Market Values for our common stock. The table assumes that there will be no conversion adjustments as described above for any Additional Conversion Amount or as described below in Anti-Dilution Adjustments and that dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be declared and paid in cash (and not in additional shares of our common stock). The actual Applicable Market Value of our common stock may differ from those set forth in the table below. Given an Initial Price of approximately 16.10 and a Threshold Appreciation Price of approximately 19.72, a holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock would receive on the Mandatory Conversion Date the number of shares of our common stock per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock set forth below, subject to the provisions described below with respect to any fractional share of our common stock 
 
 Assumed Applicable Market 
 Value of our common stock 
 Number of shares of our common stock 
 to be received upon mandatory 
 conversion 
 Assumed conversion value (calculated as 
 Applicable Market Value multiplied by 
 the number of shares of our common 
 stock to be received upon mandatory 
 conversion) 
 13.50 3.1056 41.93 14.00 3.1056 43.48 14.50 3.1056 45.03 15.00 3.1056 46.58 15.50 3.1056 48.14 16.12 3.1017 50.00 16.50 3.0303 50.00 17.00 2.9412 50.00 17.50 2.8571 50.00 18.00 2.7778 50.00 19.72 2.5355 50.00 20.00 2.5352 50.70 20.50 2.5352 51.97 21.00 2.5352 53.24 21.50 2.5352 54.51 22.00 2.5352 55.77 
 
 Accordingly, assuming that the market price of our common stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date is the same as the Applicable Market Value of our common stock, the aggregate market value of our common stock you receive upon mandatory conversion of a share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (excluding any shares of our common stock you receive in respect of accrued and unpaid dividends) will be 
 greater than the 50.00 liquidation preference of the share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, if the Applicable Market Value is greater than the Threshold Appreciation Price 
 equal to the 50.00 liquidation preference of the share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, if the Applicable Market Value is less than or equal to the Threshold Appreciation Price and greater than or equal to the Initial Price and 
 less than the 50.00 liquidation preference of the share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, if the Applicable Market Value is less than the Initial Price. 
 
 Certain Definitions 
 
 Applicable Market Value means the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the Settlement Period (as defined below). 

Close of Business means 5 00 p.m., New York City time. 
 
 Mandatory Conversion Date means the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Settlement Period. The Mandatory Conversion Date is expected to be September 1, 2027. If the Mandatory Conversion Date occurs after September 1, 2027 (whether because a Scheduled Trading Day during the Settlement Period is not a Trading Day due to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) or otherwise), no interest or other amounts will accrue as a result of such postponement. 
 
 Market Disruption Event means 
 a failure by the Relevant Stock Exchange to open for trading during its regular trading session or 
 the occurrence or existence, prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for our common stock, for more than a one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours, of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Relevant Stock Exchange or otherwise) in our common stock. 
 
 Open of Business means 9 00 a.m., New York City time. 
 
 Relevant Stock Exchange means the NYSE or, if our common stock is not then listed on the NYSE, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which our common stock is then listed or, if our common stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which our common stock is then listed or admitted for trading. 
 
 Scheduled Trading Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day. 
 
 Settlement Period means the 20 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding September 1, 2027. 
 
 Trading Day means a day on which 
 there is no Market Disruption Event and 
 trading in our common stock generally occurs on the Relevant Stock Exchange 
 
 provided, however , that if our common stock is not listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means any Business Day. 
 
 VWAP per share of our common stock on any Trading Day means the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed on Bloomberg page HPE equity AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or, if such volume-weighted average price is not available, the market value per share of our common stock on such Trading Day as determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by us for this purpose, which may include any of the underwriters for this offering). The Average VWAP per share over a certain period means the arithmetic average of the VWAP per share for each Trading Day in the relevant period. 
 
 Early Conversion at the Option of the Holder Other than during a Fundamental Change Conversion Period (as defined below under Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount ), holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will have the option to convert their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part (but in no event in increments of less than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), at any time prior to September 1, 2027 (an Early Conversion ), into shares of our common stock at the Minimum Conversion Rate of shares of our common stock per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment as described under Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. 

If, as of the Conversion Date (as defined below) of any Early Conversion (the Early Conversion Date ), we have not declared all or any portion of the accumulated and unpaid dividends for all full dividend periods ending on or prior to the Dividend Payment Date immediately prior to such Early Conversion Date, the conversion rate for such Early Conversion will be adjusted so that holders converting their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at such time receive an additional number of shares of our common stock equal to 
 such amount of undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for such prior full dividend periods (the Early Conversion Additional Amount ), divided by 
 the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the 20 consecutive Trading Day period (the Early Conversion Settlement Period commencing on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Early Conversion Date (such Average VWAP, the Early Conversion Average Price ). 
 
 To the extent that the Early Conversion Additional Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and the Early Conversion Average Price, we will not have any obligation to pay the shortfall in cash or deliver shares of our common stock in respect of such shortfall. 
 
 Except as described above, upon any Early Conversion of any Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends on such shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, unless such Early Conversion Date occurs after the Regular Record Date for a declared dividend and on or prior to the immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date, in which case such dividend will be paid on such Dividend Payment Date to the holder of record of the converted shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as of such Regular Record Date, as described in the section above entitled Dividends. 
 
 Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount 
 
 General If a Fundamental Change (as defined below) occurs on or prior to September 1, 2027, holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will have the right (the Fundamental Change Conversion Right during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period (as defined below) to 
 i. convert their shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part (but in no event in increments of less than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), into a number of shares of our common stock (or Units of Exchange Property as described below) at the conversion rate specified in the table below (the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate 
 ii. with respect to such converted shares, receive a Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (as defined below) payable in cash or shares of our common stock and 
 iii. with respect to such converted shares, receive the Accumulated Dividend Amount (as defined below) payable in cash or shares of our common stock, 
 
 subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to certain limitations with respect to the number of shares of our common stock that we will be required to deliver, all as described below. Notwithstanding clauses (ii) and (iii) above, if the Fundamental Change Effective Date (as defined below) or the Fundamental Change Conversion Date (as defined below) falls after the Regular Record Date for a dividend period for which we have declared a dividend and prior to the next Dividend Payment Date, then we will pay such dividend on the relevant Dividend Payment Date to the holders of record on such Regular Record Date, as described in Dividends, and the Accumulated Dividend Amount will not include the amount of such dividend, and the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount will not include the present value of the payment of such dividend. 
 
 To exercise the Fundamental Change Conversion Right, holders must submit their shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for conversion at any time during the period (the Fundamental Change Conversion Period beginning on, and including, the Fundamental Change Effective Date and ending at the Close of Business on the date that is 20 calendar days after the Fundamental Change Effective Date (or, if applicable as described below, the date that is 20 calendar days after the date of notice of such Fundamental Change) but, in no event later than September 1, 2027. Holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that submit the shares for conversion 

during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period shall be deemed to have exercised their Fundamental Change Conversion Right. Holders who do not submit their shares for conversion during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period will not be entitled to convert their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock at the relevant Fundamental Change Conversion Rate or to receive the relevant Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount. A Conversion Date occurring during such Fundamental Change Conversion Period is referred to herein as a Fundamental Change Conversion Date. 
 
 We will notify holders of the Fundamental Change Effective Date no later than the second Business Day immediately following such Fundamental Change Effective Date. 
 
 A Fundamental Change will be deemed to have occurred, at any time after the Initial Issue Date of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, if any of the following occurs 
 i. the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of our common stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination or change in par value) as a result of which our common stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or a combination thereof) (B) any consolidation, merger or other combination of us or binding share exchange pursuant to which our common stock will be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or a combination thereof) or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer or disposition in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of ours and our subsidiaries taken as a whole, to any person or one or more of our wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 ii. any person or group (as such terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, whether or not applicable), other than us, any of our wholly-owned subsidiaries or any of our or any of our wholly-owned subsidiaries employee benefit plans (or any person or entity acting solely in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), filing a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the total voting power in the aggregate of all classes of capital stock then outstanding entitled to vote generally in elections of our directors or 
 iii. our common stock (or other common stock constituting Exchange Property (as defined under Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of Our Common Stock )) ceases to be listed or quoted for trading on the NYSE, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or another U.S. national securities exchange or any of their respective successors). 
 
 However, a transaction or transactions described in clause (i) or clause (ii) of the definition of Fundamental Change above will not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least 90 of the consideration received or to be received by our common stockholders, excluding cash payments for fractional shares or pursuant to statutory appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on any of the NYSE, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction or transactions such consideration (excluding cash payments for fractional shares or pursuant to statutory appraisal rights) becomes the Exchange Property. 
 
 Fundamental Change Conversion Rate The Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be determined by reference to the table below and is based on the effective date of such Fundamental Change (the Fundamental Change Effective Date and the price (the Fundamental Change Stock Price paid or deemed paid per share of our common stock in such Fundamental Change. If the holders of our common stock receive only cash in such Fundamental Change, the Fundamental Change Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share of common stock in such Fundamental Change. Otherwise, the Fundamental Change Stock Price shall be the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Effective Date. 
 
 The Fundamental Change Stock Prices set forth in the first row of the table below (i.e., the column headers) will be adjusted as of any date on which the Fixed Conversion Rates of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are 

adjusted. The adjusted Fundamental Change Stock Prices will equal (i) the Fundamental Change Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Minimum Conversion Rate immediately prior to the adjustment giving rise to the Fundamental Change Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Minimum Conversion Rate as so adjusted. Each of the Fundamental Change Conversion Rates in the table below will be subject to adjustment in the same manner and at the same time as each Fixed Conversion Rate as set forth in Anti-Dilution Adjustments. 
 
 The following table sets forth the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate per share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for each Fundamental Change Stock Price and Fundamental Change Effective Date set forth below. 
 
 Fundamental Change Stock Price Fundamental Change 
 Effective Date 
 4.00 6.00 8.00 10.00 12.00 14.00 16.10 18.60 19.72 25.00 30.00 35.00 40.00 50.00 September 13, 2024 1.9200 2.2757 2.4150 2.4651 2.4762 2.4714 2.4607 2.4474 2.4421 2.4254 2.4196 2.4196 2.4224 2.4308 September 1, 2025 2.2950 2.5429 2.6369 2.6577 2.6427 2.6134 2.5796 2.5437 2.5300 2.4858 2.4668 2.4598 2.4588 2.4631 September 1, 2026 2.6931 2.8240 2.8784 2.8822 2.8465 2.7875 2.7187 2.6451 2.6175 2.5342 2.5039 2.4948 2.4937 2.4972 September 1, 2027 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 3.1056 2.6882 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 2.5352 
 
 The exact Fundamental Change Stock Price and Fundamental Change Effective Date may not be set forth in the table, in which case 
 if the Fundamental Change Stock Price is between two Fundamental Change Stock Price amounts in the table or the Fundamental Change Effective Date is between two Fundamental Change Effective Dates in the table, the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the Fundamental Change Conversion Rates set forth for the higher and lower Fundamental Change Stock Price amounts and the earlier and later Fundamental Change Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable 
 if the Fundamental Change Stock Price is in excess of 50.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Fundamental Change Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above), then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be the Minimum Conversion Rate and 
 if the Fundamental Change Stock Price is less than 4.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Fundamental Change Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above), then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be the Maximum Conversion Rate. 
 
 Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and Accumulated Dividend Amount For any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that are converted during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period, in addition to the common stock issued upon conversion at the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate, we will, at our option (subject to satisfaction of the requirements described below) 
 a. pay in cash (computed to the nearest cent), to the extent we are legally permitted to do so and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing our indebtedness, an amount equal to the present value, calculated using a discount rate of 4.67 per annum, of all dividend payments (excluding any Accumulated Dividend Amount, and subject to the second sentence under General above) on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for (i) the partial dividend period, if any, from, and including, the Fundamental Change Effective Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date and (ii) all remaining full dividend periods from, and including, the Dividend Payment Date following the Fundamental Change Effective Date to, but excluding, September 1, 2027 (the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount 
 b. increase the number of shares of our common stock (or Units of Exchange Property) to be issued upon conversion by a number equal to (i) the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount, divided by (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price or 
 c. pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount through any combination of cash and shares of our common stock (or Units of Exchange Property) in accordance with the provisions of clauses (a) and (b) above. 

As used herein, the term Accumulated Dividend Amount means, with respect to any Fundamental Change, the aggregate amount of undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, for dividend periods prior to the relevant Fundamental Change Effective Date, including (but subject to the second sentence under General above) for the partial dividend period, if any, from, and including, the Dividend Payment Date immediately preceding such Fundamental Change Effective Date to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Regular Record Date for a dividend period for which we have, as of the Fundamental Change Effective Date, declared a dividend occurs before or during the related Fundamental Change Conversion Period, then we will pay such dividend on the relevant Dividend Payment Date to the holders of record at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date, as described in Dividends, and the Accumulated Dividend Amount will not include the amount of such dividend, and the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount will not include the present value of such dividend. 
 
 The Accumulated Dividend Amount will be payable at our option (subject to satisfaction of the requirements described below) 
 in cash (computed to the nearest cent), to the extent we are legally permitted to do so and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing our indebtedness 
 in an additional number of shares of our common stock (or Units of Exchange Property) equal to (i) the Accumulated Dividend Amount, divided by (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price or 
 through a combination of cash and shares of our common stock (or Units of Exchange Property) in accordance with the provisions of the preceding two bullets. 
 
 We will pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and the Accumulated Dividend Amount in cash, except to the extent we elect on or prior to the second Business Day following the Fundamental Change Effective Date to make all or any portion of such payments in shares of our common stock (or Units of Exchange Property). 
 
 In addition, if we elect to deliver common stock (or Units of Exchange Property) in respect of all or any portion of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount, to the extent that the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount or the dollar amount of any portion thereof paid in common stock (or Units of Exchange Property) exceeds the product of (x) the number of additional shares we deliver in respect thereof and (y) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price, we will, if we are legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing our indebtedness, pay such excess amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent). Any such payment in cash may not be permitted by our then existing debt instruments, including any restricted payments covenants. To the extent that we are not able to pay such excess amount in cash under applicable law and in compliance with our indebtedness, we will not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash or deliver additional shares of our common stock in respect of such amount, and such amount will not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 However, if we are prohibited from paying or delivering, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (whether in cash or in shares of our common stock), in whole or in part, due to limitations of applicable Delaware law, then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will instead be increased by a number of shares of common stock equal to the cash amount of the aggregate unpaid and undelivered Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount, divided by the greater of (i) the Floor Price and (ii) 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price. To the extent that the cash amount of the aggregate unpaid and undelivered Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and 97 of the Fundamental Change Stock Price, we will not have any obligation to pay the shortfall in cash or deliver additional shares of our common stock in respect of such amount. 
 
 No fractional shares of our common stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) will be delivered to converting holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in respect of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount. We will instead, to the extent we are legally permitted 

to do so and to the extent permitted under the terms of the documents governing our indebtedness, pay a cash amount (computed to the nearest cent) to each converting holder that would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of our common stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) based on the Average VWAP per share of our common stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Conversion Date. In the event that we cannot pay cash in lieu of a fractional share, we will instead round up to the nearest whole share for each holder, and we shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash and such amount shall not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Not later than the second Business Day following the Fundamental Change Effective Date, we will notify holders of 
 the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate (if we provide notice to holders prior to the anticipated Fundamental Change Effective Date, specifying how the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be determined) 
 the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and whether we will pay such amount in cash, shares of our common stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) or a combination thereof, specifying the combination, if applicable and 
 the Accumulated Dividend Amount as of the Fundamental Change Effective Date and whether we will pay such amount in cash, shares of our common stock (or to the extent applicable, Units of Exchange Property) or a combination thereof, specifying the combination, if applicable. 
 
 Our obligation to deliver shares at the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate and pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (whether in cash, our common stock or any combination thereof) could be considered a penalty, in which case the enforceability thereof would be subject to general principles of reasonableness of economic remedies. 
 
 Conversion Procedures 
 
 Upon Mandatory Conversion Any outstanding shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will mandatorily and automatically convert into shares of common stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date. A holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will not be required to pay any transfer or similar taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of our common stock upon conversion, but such holder will be required to pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of the common stock in a name other than the name of such holder. 
 
 A certificate representing the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion will be issued and delivered to the converting holder, or, if the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock being converted is in global form, the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion shall be delivered to the converting holder through the facilities of DTC, in each case together with delivery by us to the converting holder of any cash to which the converting holder is entitled, only after all applicable taxes and duties, if any, payable by you have been paid in full, and such shares and cash will be delivered on the later of (i) the Mandatory Conversion Date and (ii) the Business Day after you have paid in full all applicable taxes and duties, if any. 
 
 The person or persons entitled to receive the shares of our common stock issuable upon mandatory conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be treated as the record holder(s) of such shares as of the Close of Business on the Mandatory Conversion Date. Prior to the Close of Business on the Mandatory Conversion Date, the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date will not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose and you will have no rights, powers or preferences with respect to such common stock, including voting powers, rights to respond to tender offers and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the common stock, by virtue of holding the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Upon Early Conversion or Upon Early Fundamental Change Conversion If a holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock elects to convert the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock prior to the Mandatory Conversion 

Date, in the manner described in Early Conversion at the Option of the Holder or Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (an Early Fundamental Change Conversion ), such holder must observe the following conversion procedures 
 If shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are in global form, to convert the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock such holder must deliver to DTC the appropriate instruction form for conversion pursuant to DTC s conversion program. 
 If shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are held in certificated form, such holder must comply with certain procedures set forth in the Certificate of Designations. 
 
 In either case, if required, such holder must pay all transfer or similar taxes or duties, if any, as described below. 
 
 The Conversion Date will be the date on which such holder has satisfied the foregoing requirements with respect to an Early Conversion or an Early Fundamental Change Conversion. 
 
 Such holder will not be required to pay any transfer or similar taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of our common stock if such holder exercises its conversion rights, except that such holder will be required to pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of the common stock in a name other than the name of such holder. 
 
 A certificate representing shares of common stock issuable upon conversion will be issued and delivered to the converting holder, or, if the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock being converted is in global form, the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion shall be delivered through the facilities of DTC, in each case together with delivery by us to the converting holder of any cash to which the converting holder is entitled, only after all applicable taxes and duties, if any, payable by the converting holder have been paid in full, and such shares and cash will be delivered on the latest of (i) the second Business Day immediately succeeding the Conversion Date, (ii) if applicable, the second Business Day immediately succeeding the last day of the Early Conversion Settlement Period and (iii) the Business Day after such holder has paid in full all applicable taxes and duties, if any. 
 
 The person or persons entitled to receive the shares of common stock issuable upon an Early Conversion or an Early Fundamental Change Conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be treated as the record holder(s) of such shares as of the Close of Business on the applicable Conversion Date. Prior to the Close of Business on the applicable Conversion Date, the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of any shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose, and a holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will have no rights, powers or preferences with respect to such common stock, including voting powers, rights to respond to tender offers for the common stock and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the common stock, by virtue of holding the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Fractional Shares No fractional shares of our common stock will be issued to holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock upon conversion. In lieu of any fractional shares of our common stock otherwise issuable in respect of the aggregate number of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of any holder that are converted, that holder will be entitled to receive an amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent) equal to the product of (i) that same fraction and (ii) the Average VWAP of our common stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Conversion Date. In the event that we cannot pay cash in lieu of a fractional share, we will instead round up to the nearest whole share for each holder and we shall not have any obligation to pay such amount in cash and such amount shall not form a part of the cumulative dividends that may be deemed to accumulate on the shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Subject to any applicable rules and procedures of DTC, if more than one share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is to be automatically converted on the Mandatory Conversion Date or is surrendered for conversion at one time, in each case, by or for the same holder, the number of full shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to be automatically converted or so surrendered, as the case may be. 

Anti-Dilution Adjustments Each Fixed Conversion Rate will be adjusted as described below, except that we will not make any adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rates if holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock participate (other than in the case of a share split or share combination), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of our common stock and solely as a result of holding the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in any of the transactions described below without having to convert their Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as if they held a number of shares of common stock equal to (i) the Maximum Conversion Rate as of the record date for such transaction, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held by such holder. 
 
 (1) If we exclusively issue shares of our common stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of our common stock, or if we effect a share split or share combination, each Fixed Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula 
 
 CR1 CR0 x OS1 
 OS0 
 where, 
 CR0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the record date (as defined below) of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the Open of Business on the effective date of such share split or share combination, as applicable 
 CR1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on such record date or immediately after the Open of Business on such effective date, as applicable 
 OS0 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on such record date or immediately prior to the Open of Business on such effective date, as applicable, before giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination and 
 OS1 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination. 
 
 Any adjustment made under this clause (1) shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the record date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the Open of Business on the effective date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type described in this clause (1) is declared but not so paid or made, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date our Board or an authorized committee thereof determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. For the purposes of this clause (1), the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on the record date or immediately prior to the Open of Business on the relevant effective date, as the case may be, and the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination shall, in each case, not include shares that we hold in treasury. We will not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of our common stock that we hold in treasury. 
 
 effective date as used in this clause (1) means the first date on which the shares of our common stock trade on the Relevant Stock Exchange, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split or share combination, as applicable. 
 
 record date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of our common stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which our common stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of our common stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by our Board or a duly authorized committee thereof, statute, contract or otherwise). 

(2) If we issue to all or substantially all holders of our common stock any rights, options or warrants entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share that is less than the Average VWAP per share of our common stock for the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, each Fixed Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula 
 CR1 CR0 x OS0 + X 
 OS0 + Y 
 where, 
 CR0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the record date for such issuance 
 CR1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on such record date 
 OS0 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Close of Business on such record date 
 X the total number of shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants and 
 Y the number of shares of our common stock equal to (i) the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by (ii) the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants. 

Any increase made under this clause (2) will be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the record date for such issuance. To the extent that such rights, options or warrants are not exercised prior to their expiration or shares of common stock are not delivered after the exercise of such rights, options or warrants, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of common stock actually delivered, if any. If such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date our Board or an authorized committee thereof determines not to issue such rights, options or warrants, to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such record date for such issuance had not occurred. 
 
 For the purpose of this clause (2), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of our common stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of our common stock at less than such Average VWAP per share for the ten consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of our common stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by us for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by our Board or an authorized committee thereof. 
 
 (3)(A) If we distribute shares of our capital stock, evidences of our indebtedness, other assets or property of ours or rights, options or warrants to acquire our capital stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of our common stock, excluding 
 dividends, distributions or issuances as to which the provisions set forth in clause (1) or (2) shall apply 
 dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in clause (4) below shall apply 
 any dividends and distributions upon conversion of, or in exchange for, our common stock in connection with a recapitalization, reclassification, change, consolidation, merger or other combination, share exchange, or sale, lease or other transfer or disposition resulting in the change in the conversion consideration as described below under Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of Our Common Stock 

except as otherwise described below, rights issued pursuant to a shareholder rights plan adopted by us and 
 spin-offs as to which the provisions set forth below in clause (3)(B) shall apply 
 
 then each Fixed Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula 
 
 CR1 CR0 x SP0 
 SP0 - FMV 
 
 where, 
 CR0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the record date for such distribution 
 CR1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on such record date 
 SP0 the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the ex-date (as defined below) for such distribution and 
 FMV the fair market value (as determined by our Board or an authorized committee thereof in good faith) of the shares of capital stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants so distributed, expressed as an amount per share of our common stock on the ex-date for such distribution. 
 ex-date means the first date on which the shares of our common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from us or, if applicable, from the seller of our common stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. 
 
 Any increase made under clause (3)(A) above will become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the record date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date our Board or an authorized committee thereof determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), or if the difference is less than 1.00, in lieu of the foregoing increase, each holder shall receive, in respect of each share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of our common stock, the amount and kind of our capital stock, evidences of our indebtedness, other assets or property of ours or rights, options or warrants to acquire our capital stock or other securities that such holder would have received if such holder owned a number of shares of common stock equal to the Maximum Conversion Rate in effect on the record date for the distribution. 
 
 If we issue rights, options or warrants that are only exercisable upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, then 
 we will not adjust the Fixed Conversion Rates pursuant to the foregoing in this clause (3)(A) until the earliest of these triggering events occurs and 
 we will readjust the Fixed Conversion Rates to the extent any of these rights, options or warrants are not exercised before they expire or are terminated without exercise by any holder thereof provided that the rights, options or warrants trade together with our common stock and will be issued in respect of future issuances of the shares of our common stock. 
 
 (3)(B) With respect to an adjustment where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on our common stock of shares of capital stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a subsidiary or other business unit, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange, which we refer to as a spin-off, each Fixed Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula 

CR1 CR0 x FMV0 + MP0 
 MP0 
 where, 
 CR0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Open of Business on the ex-date for the spin-off 
 CR1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on the ex-date for the spin-off 
 FMV0 the Average VWAP per share of the capital stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of our common stock applicable to one share of our common stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the ex-date for the spin-off (the valuation period and 
 MP0 the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the valuation period. 
 
 The increase to each Fixed Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph will be calculated as of the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the valuation period but will be given retroactive effect as of immediately after the Open of Business on the ex-date of the spin-off. Because we will make the adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate with retroactive effect, we will delay the settlement of any conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock where any date for determining the number of shares of our common stock issuable to a holder occurs during the valuation period until the second Business Day after the last Trading Day of such valuation period. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date our Board or an authorized committee thereof determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 
 (4) If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of our common stock other than a regular, quarterly cash dividend that does not exceed 0.13 per share (the Initial Dividend Threshold ), each Fixed Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula 
 CR1 CR0 x SP0 - T 
 SP0 - C 
 where, 
 CR0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the record date for such dividend or distribution 
 CR1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the record date for such dividend or distribution 
 SP0 the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the ex-date for such distribution 
 T the Initial Dividend Threshold provided that if the dividend or distribution is not a regular quarterly cash dividend, the Initial Dividend Threshold will be deemed to be zero and 
 C the amount in cash per share we distribute to all or substantially all holders of our common stock. 
 
 The Initial Dividend Threshold is subject to adjustment in a manner inversely proportional to adjustments to each Fixed Conversion Rate provided that no adjustment will be made to the Initial Dividend Threshold for any adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate under this clause (4). 
 
 Any increase made under this clause (4) shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the record date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date our Board or an authorized committee thereof determines not to 

make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), or if the difference is less than 1.00, in lieu of the foregoing increase, each holder shall receive, for each share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of our common stock, the amount of cash that such holder would have received if such holder owned a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Maximum Conversion Rate on the record date for such cash dividend or distribution. 
 
 (5) If we or any of our subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for our common stock (and excluding a tender offer solely to holders of fewer than 100 shares of our common stock), to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of common stock exceeds the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the ten consecutive Trading Day period (the averaging period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (the expiration date ), each Fixed Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula 
 
 CR1 CR0 x AC + (SP1 x OS1) 
 OS0 x SP1 
 where, 
 CR0 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the Close of Business on the expiration date 
 CR1 such Fixed Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the expiration date 
 AC the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by our Board or an authorized committee thereof in good faith) paid or payable for shares purchased in such tender or exchange offer 
 OS0 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the expiration date (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer) 
 OS1 the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after the expiration date (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer) and 
 SP1 the Average VWAP of our common stock over the averaging period. 
 
 The increase to each Fixed Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph will be calculated at the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the averaging period but will be given retroactive effect as of immediately after the Close of Business on the expiration date. Because we will make the adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate with retroactive effect, we will delay the settlement of any conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock where any date for determining the number of shares of our common stock issuable to a holder occurs during the averaging period until the second Business Day after the last Trading Day of the averaging period. For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment under this clause (5) will be made if such adjustment would result in a decrease in any Fixed Conversion Rate except as set forth below. 
 
 In the event that we or one of our subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to any such tender offer or exchange offer, but we or such subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchases, or all such purchases are rescinded, then each Fixed Conversion Rate shall again be adjusted to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender offer or exchange offer had not been made (or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been made and not rescinded). 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this clause (5), the term tender offer is used as such term is used in the Exchange Act and the term exchange offer means an exchange offer that constitutes a tender offer. 

We may, to the extent permitted by law and the rules of NYSE or any other securities exchange on which our common stock or the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is then listed, increase each Fixed Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if such increase is irrevocable during such 20 Business Days and our Board, or a committee thereof, determines that such increase would be in our best interest. In addition, we may make such increases in each Fixed Conversion Rate as we deem advisable in order to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of our common stock resulting from any dividend or distribution of shares of our common stock (or issuance of rights or warrants to acquire shares of our common stock) or from any event treated as such for income tax purposes or for any other reason. We may only make such a discretionary adjustment if we make the same proportionate adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate. 
 
 Holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock may, in certain circumstances, including a distribution of cash dividends to holders of our shares of common stock, be deemed to have received a distribution subject to U.S. Federal income tax as a dividend as a result of an adjustment or the nonoccurrence of an adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rates. 
 
 If we have a rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock, such holder will receive, in addition to any shares of common stock received in connection with such conversion, the rights under the rights plan. However, if, prior to any conversion, the rights have separated from the shares of common stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable rights plan, each Fixed Conversion Rate will be adjusted at the time of separation as if we distributed to all or substantially all holders of our common stock, shares of our capital stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants as described in clause (3)(A) above, subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. We do not currently have a stockholder rights plan in effect. 
 
 Adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rates will be calculated to the nearest 1 10,000th of a share of our common stock. No adjustment to any Fixed Conversion Rate will be required unless the adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1 of the Fixed Conversion Rate provided, however, that if an adjustment is not made because the adjustment does not change the Fixed Conversion Rates by at least 1 , then such adjustment will be carried forward and taken into account in any future adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on each date for determining the number of shares of our common stock issuable to a holder upon any conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, we will give effect to all adjustments that we have otherwise deferred pursuant to this sentence, and those adjustments will no longer be carried forward and taken into account in any future adjustment. 
 
 The Fixed Conversion Rates will not be adjusted 
 upon the issuance of any shares of our common stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on our securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in common stock under any plan 
 upon the issuance of any shares of our common stock or warrants, options, units or other rights to or securities exercisable for the purchase or issuance of those shares pursuant to any present or future retirement, deferred compensation, incentive, equity or other benefit plan or program of or assumed by us or any of our subsidiaries 
 upon the issuance of any shares of our common stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in the preceding bullet and outstanding as of the Initial Issue Date 
 for a change in the par value of our common stock 
 for stock repurchases that are not tender or exchange offers referred to in clause (5) of the adjustments above, including structured or derivative transactions or pursuant to a stock repurchase program approved by our Board 
 as a result of a tender offer that satisfies the exception described in clause (5) above for offers solely to holders of fewer than 100 shares of our common stock 
 as a result of a tender or exchange offer by a person other than us or one or more of our subsidiaries 
 for accumulated dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, except as described above under Mandatory Conversion, Early Conversion at the Option of the Holder and Conversion at the 

Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or 
 as a result of a tender or exchange offer by a person other than us or one or more of our subsidiaries 
 
 Except as otherwise provided above, we will be responsible for making all calculations called for under the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Fundamental Change Stock Price, the VWAPs, the Average VWAPs and the Fixed Conversion Rates of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and shall be made in good faith. 
 
 We will be required, within ten Business Days after the Fixed Conversion Rates are adjusted, to provide or cause to be provided written notice of the adjustment to the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. We will also be required to deliver a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the method by which the adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate was determined and setting forth each adjusted Fixed Conversion Rate. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if an adjustment is made to the Fixed Conversion Rates, no separate inversely proportionate adjustment will be made to the Initial Price or the Threshold Appreciation Price because the Initial Price is equal to 50.00 divided by the Maximum Conversion Rate (as adjusted in the manner described herein) and the Threshold Appreciation Price is equal to 50.00 divided by the Minimum Conversion Rate (as adjusted in the manner described herein). 
 
 Whenever the terms of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock require us to calculate the VWAP per share of our common stock over a span of multiple days, our Board or an authorized committee thereof will make appropriate adjustments in good faith (including, without limitation, to the Applicable Market Value, the Early Conversion Average Price, the Fundamental Change Stock Price and the Average Price (as the case may be)) to account for any adjustments to the Fixed Conversion Rates (as the case may be) that become effective, or any event that would require such an adjustment if the ex-date, effective date, record date or expiration date (as the case may be) of such event occurs, during the relevant period used to calculate such prices or values (as the case may be). 
 
 If 
 the record date for a dividend or distribution on shares of our common stock occurs after the end of the 20 consecutive Trading Day period used for calculating the Applicable Market Value and before the Mandatory Conversion Date and 
 that dividend or distribution would have resulted in an adjustment of the number of shares issuable to the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock had such record date occurred on or before the last Trading Day of such 20-Trading Day period, 
 
 then we will deem the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to be holders of record of our common stock for purposes of that dividend or distribution. In this case, the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock would receive the dividend or distribution on our common stock together with the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon mandatory conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of Our Common Stock In the event of 
 any consolidation or merger of us with or into another person or any conversion of the Company or domestication in or transfer to a foreign jurisdiction 
 any sale, transfer, lease or conveyance to another person of all or substantially all of our property and assets 
 any reclassification of our common stock into securities, including securities other than our common stock or 
 any statutory exchange of our securities with another person (other than in connection with a merger or acquisition or conversion of the Company or domestication in or transfer to a foreign jurisdiction), 
 
 in each case, as a result of which our common stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (each, a Reorganization Event ), each share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to such Reorganization 

Event shall, without the consent of the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, become convertible into the kind of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that such holder would have been entitled to receive if such holder had converted its Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock immediately prior to such Reorganization Event (such stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof), the Exchange Property, with each Unit of Exchange Property meaning the kind and amount of Exchange Property that a holder of one share of common stock is entitled to receive). 
 
 If the transaction causes our common stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), the Exchange Property into which the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be convertible will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of our common stock. We will notify holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the weighted average referred as soon as practicable after such determination is made. 
 
 The number of Units of Exchange Property we will deliver for each share of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock converted or as a payment of dividends on the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as applicable, following the effective date of such Reorganization Event will be determined as if references to our common stock in the description of the conversion rate applicable upon mandatory conversion, Early Conversion and Early Fundamental Change Conversion and or the description of the relevant dividend payment provisions, as the case may be, were to Units of Exchange Property (without interest thereon and without any right to dividends or distributions thereon which have a record date prior to the date on which holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock become holders of the underlying shares of our common stock). For the purpose of determining which bullet of the definition of conversion rate in the second paragraph under Mandatory Conversion will apply upon mandatory conversion, and for the purpose of calculating the conversion rate if the second bullet is applicable, the value of a Unit of Exchange Property will be determined in good faith by our Board or an authorized committee thereof (which determination will be final), except that if a Unit of Exchange Property includes common stock or American Depositary Receipts, or ADRs, that are traded on a U.S. national securities exchange, the value of such common stock or ADRs will be the average over the 20 consecutive Trading Day period used for calculating the Applicable Market Value of the volume-weighted average prices for such common stock or ADRs, as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg screen (as determined in good faith by our Board or an authorized committee thereof (which determination will be final)) or, if such price is not available, the average market value per share of such common stock or ADRs over such period as determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by us for this purpose. The provisions of this paragraph will apply to successive Reorganization Events, and the provisions summarized under Anti-Dilution Adjustments will apply to any shares of capital stock or ADRs of us or any successor received by the holders of shares of our common stock in any such Reorganization Event. 
 
 In connection with any adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate described above, we will also adjust the Initial Dividend Threshold (as defined under Anti-Dilution Adjustments based on the number of shares of common stock comprising the Exchange Property and (if applicable) the value of any non-stock consideration comprising the Exchange Property. If the Exchange Property is composed solely of non-stock consideration, the Initial Dividend Threshold will be zero. 
 
 We (or any successor to us) will, as soon as reasonably practicable (but in any event within 20 calendar days) after the occurrence of any Reorganization Event provide written notice to the holders of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of such occurrence and of the kind and amount of cash, securities or other property that constitute the Exchange Property. Failure to deliver such notice will not affect the operation of the provisions described in this section. 
 
 It is possible that certain consolidations, mergers, combinations or other transactions could result in tax gains or losses to the holders either as a result of the transaction or the conversion thereafter. Holders are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the ownership, disposition and conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Reservation of Shares We will at all times reserve and keep available out of the authorized and unissued shares of common stock, solely for issuance upon conversion of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the maximum number of shares of our common stock as shall be issuable from time to time upon the conversion of all the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding. 
 
 Transfer Agent, Registrar and Conversion and Dividend Disbursing Agent Equiniti Trust Company, LLC is the transfer agent, registrar and conversion and dividend disbursing agent for the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Book-Entry, Delivery and Form The Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be issued in global form. DTC or its nominee will be the sole registered holder of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in global form will be limited to persons who have accounts with DTC Participants or persons who hold interests through such Participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in global form will be shown on, and the transfer of that ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to interests of Participants) and the records of Participants (with respect to interests of persons other than Participants). 
 
 So long as DTC, or its nominee, is the registered owner or holder of a global certificate representing the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole holder of the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock represented by such global certificate for all purposes under the Certificate of Designations. No beneficial owner of an interest in the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in global form will be able to transfer that interest except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC in addition to those provided for under the Certificate of Designations. 
 
 Payments of dividends on the global certificate representing the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be made to DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered holder thereof. None of us, the transfer agent, registrar, conversion or dividend disbursing agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a global certificate representing the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
 We expect that DTC or its nominee, upon receipt of any payment of dividends in respect of a global certificate representing the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, will credit Participants accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial ownership interests in the aggregate Liquidation Preference of such global certificate representing the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as shown on the records of DTC or its nominee, as the case may be. We also expect that payments by Participants to owners of beneficial interests in such global certificate representing the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock held through such Participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such Participants. 
 
 Transfers between Participants in DTC will be effected in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled in same-day funds. 
 
 We understand that DTC is 
 a limited purpose trust company organized under the laws of the State of New York 
 a banking organization within the meaning of New York Banking Law 
 a member of the Federal Reserve System 
 a clearing corporation within the meaning of the Uniform Commercial Code and 
 a Clearing Agency registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 

DTC was created to hold securities for its Participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of its Participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Participants include 
 securities brokers and dealers 
 banks and trust companies and 
 clearing corporations and certain other organizations. 
 
 Indirect access to the DTC system is available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Participant, either directly or indirectly (indirect Participants). 
 
 Although DTC is expected to follow the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in a global security among its Participants, it is under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of us, the transfer agent, registrar, conversion or dividend disbursing agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC or its Participants or indirect Participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
 
 If DTC is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the shares of the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in global form or DTC ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act, and in either case a successor depositary is not appointed by us within 90 days, we will issue certificated shares in exchange for the global securities. Beneficial interests in the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in global form held by any direct or indirect participant may also be exchanged for certificated shares upon request to DTC by such direct participant (for itself or on behalf of an indirect participant), to the transfer agent in accordance with their respective customary procedures. 
 
 The information in this section concerning DTC and its book-entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Effects 
 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 a. prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 b. upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned 
 i. by persons who are directors and also officers and 
 ii. by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 c. at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines business combination to include 
 
 a. any merger or consolidation involving (i) the corporation or a direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation and (ii) the interested stockholder or any other corporation, partnership or entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation any of (a), (b) or (c) above is not applicable to the surviving entity 

b. any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets or outstanding stock of the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation to or with the interested stockholder 
 c. subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation of any stock of the corporation or such subsidiary to the interested stockholder 
 d. any transaction involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the corporation or any such subsidiary which is beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 e. the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly, of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any person who or which beneficially owns 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation or any person affiliated or associated with or controlling or controlled by the corporation that was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date of determination if such person is an interested stockholder, and the affiliates and associates of such person. 
 
 The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, including discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will generally be available for future issuance without your approval. We may use such additional shares for a variety of purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee compensation. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of Hewlett Packard Enterprise by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Holders of our 7.625 Series C Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have the right to convert their shares upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, which could have the effect of discouraging third parties from pursuing certain transactions with us, which may otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. See Preferred Stock above. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that unless we select or consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (a) the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting any internal corporate claims (as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL), to the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept, jurisdiction, another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware) and (b) the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the federal district courts of the United States of America. While the Delaware Supreme Court has upheld the validity of similar provisions under the DGCL, there is uncertainty as to whether a court in another state would enforce such a forum selection provision. Our exclusive forum provision does not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws, and nothing in the exclusive forum provision of our Bylaws affects suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-19>
 4
 ex-19xhpeinsidertradingpol.htm
 EX-19

Document 
 Exhibit 19 

 Insider Trading Policy 
 Purpose 
 Compliance with the U.S. securities laws is an area of critical importance to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company HPE ). In furtherance of that goal, HPE has developed this policy (the Policy to help its directors, officers and employees comply with the federal securities laws and the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC relating to insider trading. 
 It is important that you understand the breadth of activities that constitute illegal insider trading and the consequences, which can be serious. The U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ), the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA all investigate and are very effective at detecting insider trading violations. Cases have been successfully prosecuted against individuals as a result of trades involving only a small number of shares. 
 There are no exceptions to this Policy, even for situations that may seem necessary or justifiable (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure) or small transactions. If material non-public information is inadvertently disclosed no matter what the circumstances the person making or discovering that disclosure should immediately report the disclosure to HPE s Insider Trading Compliance at InsiderTrading.Compliance hpe.com. 
 Scope 
 During the course of your association with HPE, you may receive important information that has not yet been publicly announced by HPE or concerning other publicly traded companies with which HPE has business dealings material non-public information ). This Policy prohibits the purchase or sale of HPE securities, or securities of any Business Partner (as defined below in Section 7), while you are aware of material non-public information concerning HPE or such other publicly traded company which you acquired as a result of performing your duties at HPE. This Policy must be followed by all full- and part-time HPE employees and contractors, all members of the HPE Board of Directors, and all of HPE s external advisors (all of which are collectively referred to in this policy as covered persons ). 
 This Policy also applies to (i) anyone who lives in a covered person s household and any family members who do not live with a covered person, but whose transactions in HPE securities or the securities of Business Partners are directed by, or are subject to, a covered person s influence or control, such as parents or children who consult with the covered person before they trade in HPE securities (collectively, Family Members and (ii) entities controlled by a covered person or the covered person s Family Members Related Entities ). It is your obligation to make Family Members and Related Entities aware of, and understand and comply with, the provisions and obligations of this Policy. 

1. Prohibited Activity. 
 The U.S. securities laws prohibit any person from trading in securities of an issuer while the person is aware of material non-public information about that issuer. A covered person who is aware of material non-public information about HPE may not legally trade in HPE securities until a reasonable time (usually 24 hours) after HPE discloses the information to the public. The same trading restrictions that apply to covered persons under the U.S. insider trading laws also apply to Family Members and Related Entities. In addition, covered persons who are aware of material non-public information when their employment or other service relationship with HPE terminates may not trade in HPE securities until that information has been publicly disclosed or is no longer material. 
 U.S. insider trading laws also prohibit tipping, which covers disclosing or passing material non-public information to others or making recommendations to others about the purchase or sale of HPE securities while a person is aware of material non-public information, and such other persons then trade in HPE securities or the securities of Business Partners (a tippee ). This behavior is prohibited, even if you do not receive a benefit or the tippee does not receive a benefit from the transaction. This Policy also prohibits you from causing another person to trade on the basis of material non-public information. 
 U.S. insider trading laws apply to people outside the U.S. who trade within the U.S. Similar laws in other countries may apply to trading by covered persons who are located in those countries or to trades on exchanges that are located there. In addition, Member States of the European Union have implemented legislation restricting insider trading, and many other European countries apply similar laws. 
 2. Material Information. 
 Information is material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making an investment decision (i.e., to buy, hold or sell securities), or there is a substantial likelihood that the information would have been viewed by a reasonable investor as having significantly altered the total mix of information made available. Any information that could be expected to affect the price of a security, whether it is positive or negative , should be considered material . The below list contains some examples of information that ordinarily would be regarded as material 
 Consolidated reported worldwide, reporting segment or regional revenue, margins, earnings or other significant financial information, including guidance, projections, and or forecasts 
 Mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, joint ventures or changes in assets 
 Major new products or discoveries 
 Significant customer or supplier news 
 Changes in control or changes in executive management 
 Changes in auditors or auditor resignation 
 Events affecting HPE s securities, such as a change in dividend policy, the declaration of a stock split or stock dividend, the approval of a repurchase plan, or an offering of additional securities 
 Actual or threatened major litigation or the resolution of such litigation 

Knowledge of a significant data security, privacy or cybersecurity incident or 
 Communications with government agencies. 
 The foregoing list is not exhaustive other kinds of information also may be material, depending on their quantitative and qualitative significance. Covered persons transactions will be scrutinized after the fact, with the benefit of hindsight. As a practical matter, before engaging in any transaction, all covered persons should carefully consider how enforcement authorities and others might view the transactions in hindsight. Questions concerning the materiality of particular information should be resolved in favor of concluding that it is material. When in doubt, it is best not to transact in HPE securities. 
 3. Non-public Information. 
 Non-public information is information that has not been disseminated in a manner making it generally available to investors and giving them a reasonable time to react to the information. Generally speaking, information will be considered publicly disseminated after one full trading day has elapsed since the date of public disclosure of the information. For example, if the release call filing occurs prior to the market opening on a Wednesday, the blackout ends at the close of regular trading on Wednesday, and a covered person could resume trading on the following Thursday (assuming the covered person is not otherwise aware of material non-public information). 
 An SEC filing, a widely disseminated HPE press release or a properly noticed, publicly available webcast generally are acceptable methods of disseminating information such that, following such dissemination and the passage of the time period noted above, the information will no longer be considered non-public. However, information disseminated solely through other methods, such as a posting on HPE s internal or external website or in a meeting, conference or presentation not open to the general public or major media, likely would not satisfy this requirement. 
 4. Trading Activities. 
 Trading activities in HPE securities that are prohibited while a covered person is aware of material non-public information (and during any applicable closed trading window, as discussed below) include 
 Buying or selling HPE shares in the open market (including short selling of HPE securities) 
 Buying or selling HPE debt securities (debentures, bonds or notes) 
 Selling shares that were purchased upon exercise of an HPE stock option 
 Making a cash payment to avoid the sale or withholding of HPE shares that would otherwise have been executed by HPE on behalf of the covered person to cover amounts that must be withheld for the payment of taxes upon the vesting of a stock award (a covered person may elect to pay (or pre-pay) the tax that will be due when a stock award vests, provided that (i) the election is made during an open trading window and when the covered person is not aware of any material non-public information about HPE, and (ii) the election is irrevocable such that it will result in the automatic payment of such tax in cash at the time of vesting without any further action by the covered person) 
 Increases or decreases in the portion of an HPE employee s periodic contributions to HPE s 401(k) plan for the U.S. that will be allocated to an HPE stock fund account 

Increases (including new enrollment) or decreases in the HPE employee s periodic contribution rate to the HPE employee stock purchase plan 
 Borrowing money against a 401(k) plan account or prepaying a 401(k) plan loan where the borrowing or loan prepayment will result in the increase or decrease of the funds in an HPE stock fund account in the 401(k) plan 
 Transferring funds to or from an HPE stock fund account in the 401(k) plan enrolling in the HPE employee stock purchase plan 
 Selling HPE shares purchased under the HPE employee stock purchase plan 
 Gifts of HPE shares and 
 Voluntary purchases resulting from any additional contributions made to the HPE dividend reinvestment plan. 
 Trading activities in HPE securities that are not prohibited while a covered person is aware of material non-public information (and that are not prohibited during any applicable closed trading window, as discussed below) include 
 Regular, continuing purchases of HPE shares through HPE s employee stock purchase plan are not prohibited if the HPE employee already is enrolled in the plan 
 Purchases of HPE shares under HPE s 401(k) plan for the U.S. resulting from periodic contributions to the plan pursuant to automatic payroll deductions 
 Purchases, without sale, of shares through the exercise of an HPE stock option, where such exercise also does not involve the sale of any shares 
 Automatic purchases of HPE shares under the HPE dividend reinvestment plan resulting from the reinvestment of dividends paid on HPE shares or 
 Trades pursuant to a pre-approved Rule 10b5-1 trading plan (as discussed below). 
 
 This Policy does not apply to the vesting of restricted stock or the vesting and delivery of restricted stock units and performance-based equity awards. This Policy does apply, however, to any market sale by a covered person of any stock underlying such equity awards, even if the sale is to satisfy any tax obligations arising with respect to the equity awards. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing prohibition does not apply to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which you elect to have HPE withhold shares of common stock subject to such equity awards to satisfy tax withholding requirements. 
 5. Trading Windows. 
 HPE imposes quarterly trading windows on certain individuals, including 
 
 Members of the HPE Board of Directors 
 HPE executives who are designated by the Board of Directors as officers pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Section 16 Officers and, together with the members of the Board of Directors, the Section 16 Insiders 
 HPE vice presidents (including non-Section 16 Officer executive vice presidents and senior vice presidents) 
 HPE director-level employees 
 Employees in the Legal Department at the strategist job level and 
 All other employees and other covered persons with access to some or all of the following interim financial data about HPE s fiscal quarter-to-date results 

o HPE worldwide or regional consolidated top and or bottom line financial information or 
 o HPE worldwide top and or bottom line financial information for one or more reporting segments. 
 Those persons and their Family Members and Related Entities may trade HPE securities only during the period that the trading window is open and only if they are not then aware of any material non-public information about HPE. HPE s quarterly trading windows tentatively open with the market 24 hours after quarterly or annual earnings results are released and close on the last trading day of the second month of the fiscal quarter. 
 A trading calendar specifying the period of each quarterly trading window will be published in advance of each fiscal year and will be posted on the Insider Trading Compliance site. Additionally, trading window notices are sent quarterly before the earnings release to all persons who have been identified as being subject to trading window restrictions, notifying them of the period that their trading window will be open during the next quarter. Such notifications will also be published on the Insider Trading Compliance site. However, each such person is required to comply with the trading window during a particular quarter, even if he or she did not receive a trading window notice. Any failure to review, or the failure of HPE to provide, periodic notices and or memorandums regarding quarterly trading windows is not an excuse for failure to comply with this Policy. 
 In addition to adhering to the quarterly trading windows, please note that special blackout periods may be imposed from time to time if, in the judgment of Internal Trading Compliance or the Deputy General Counsel, Corporate Securities and M&A, there exists undisclosed information that would make trading in HPE securities inappropriate for certain or all covered persons. The fact that a special blackout period has been imposed, or that a quarterly trading window has been shortened, should itself be considered material non-public information. 
 Even during an open trading window when a blackout period is not in effect, at no time may covered persons (including their Family Members and Related Entities) trade in HPE securities when aware of material non-public information about HPE. For example, a person that is aware that HPE is about to sign and announce a large acquisition should not trade in HPE securities until the transaction is signed and announced or negotiations are terminated, regardless of whether the trading window is open or closed. 
 6. Pre-Clearance and Advance Notice 
 In order to avoid unintentional violations of federal securities laws, the Section 16 Insiders are required to pre-clear any transaction (i.e., sales, purchases or gifts in HPE securities) with Insider Trading Compliance at InsiderTrading.Compliance hpe.com before engaging in the transaction. Pre-clearance is required so that HPE will be in a position to aid the individual in determining whether material non-public information exists, avoiding short-swing profit recovery, and assuring that appropriate Form 4, Form 5 and Form 144 filings are timely made with the SEC, if required. If a Section 16 Insider s request to transact in HPE securities is approved, such 

approval will remain in effect until the earlier of the then-open trading window closure or the Section 16 Insider learns of any material non-public information. 
 7. Trading in Securities of Other Companies. 
 HPE policy prohibits trading in the securities of any company (i) with which HPE does business, such as customers, channel partners, suppliers, and other business partners or (ii) that is involved in a potential transaction or business relationship with HPE, such as potential acquisition targets (such companies, Business Partners ), by persons who are aware of material non-public information about such company acquired as a result of performing his or her duties at HPE. To facilitate compliance with these restrictions, HPE may impose temporary trading windows on covered persons who are working on transactions involving HPE and one or more other publicly traded companies in the situation referenced in clause (ii) above. If that occurs, those covered persons will be notified that they may not trade in the securities of such other company until all material non-public information about the transaction and that company is no longer non-public or no longer material. In addition, if the transaction is potentially material to HPE, the temporary trading restriction also may extend to trading in HPE securities. 
 You should also be aware that insider trading includes situations where, among other things, the individual trades in the securities of other companies that are economically-linked to HPE (e.g., competitors) based on material non-public information concerning HPE or its securities obtained as a result of performing his or her duties at HPE. 
 8. Prohibited Transactions. 
 Covered persons may not engage in any of the following transactions at any time 
 Short Sales 
 Short sales of HPE s securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value. Short sales of HPE s securities may also be a signal to the market that the seller does not have confidence in HPE or its prospects. In addition, short sales of HPE securities may reduce the seller s incentive to improve HPE s performance since the seller can benefit from a decline in the value of HPE s securities. For these reasons, short sales of HPE s securities by covered persons are prohibited. 
 Options 
 A transaction in options (other than options granted under an HPE stock option plan) is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of HPE s stock and, therefore, could create an impression that the trader is trading based on material non-public information. Transactions in options also may focus a covered person s attention on short-term performance at the expense of HPE s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions by covered persons in puts, calls or other derivatives of HPE s securities, regardless of whether or not such securities or derivatives are traded on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited. 
 Hedging Transactions 
 Certain transactions, such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds, may allow a person to lock in much of the value of his or her stock holdings, often in 

exchange for giving up all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the stock. These transactions allow the person to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, a covered person may no longer have the same objectives as HPE s other stockholders. Therefore, covered persons are prohibited from engaging in any such transactions that involve HPE securities. Any questions about what constitutes a hedging transaction for purposes of this paragraph should be directed to Insider Trading Compliance at InsiderTrading.Compliance hpe.com. 
 Margin Accounts and Pledges 
 Securities held in a margin account, which shall be deemed to mean a margin account in which HPE securities are subject to margin calls, may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan or, in many instances, if the value of the collateral falls. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material non-public information about HPE, covered persons are prohibited from holding HPE securities subject to margin calls in a margin account or pledging such securities as collateral. 
 9. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans. 
 U.S. insider trading laws permit a person to establish a Rule 10b5-1 plan at a time when the person is not aware of any material non-public information about HPE and then trade in HPE securities at a later time, even if that person is aware of material non-public information about HPE at the time of the transaction. Covered persons may only establish a 10b5-1 plan during an open window period, when not in possession of material, non-public information for use when trading in HPE securities. Information about establishing a Rule 10b5-1 plan is available on the Insider Trading Compliance site at ITC 10b5-1 Information. 
 10. Post-Termination Transactions 
 The Policy continues to apply to your transactions in HPE securities or securities of other public companies engaged in business transactions with HPE even after your association with HPE has terminated. If you are aware of material non-public information when your relationship with HPE concludes, you, your Family Members, and any Related Entities may not trade in HPE securities or securities of such other company until that information has become public or is no longer material. 
 11. Company Repurchases of Shares 
 From time to time, HPE may engage in transactions in its own securities. It is HPE s policy to comply with all applicable securities and state laws (including obtaining appropriate approvals by the Board of Directors or appropriate committee(s), if required) and this Policy when engaging in transactions in HPE s securities. 
 Consequences 
 Compliance with this Policy is essential as there can be severe penalties for any failure to comply with the federal securities laws and SEC rules relating to insider trading, as well as disciplinary 

action by HPE. For example, if a covered person violates insider trading laws, both the covered person and HPE may be subject to severe civil and criminal penalties. The DOJ, SEC, NYSE, and FINRA investigate and pursue insider trading violations vigorously. A violation of the insider trading laws also constitutes a violation of HPE s Standards of Business Conduct. 
 The consequences of a violation of this Policy are severe 
 Traders and Tippers . Covered persons (or tippees) who trade on the basis of material non-public information can be subject to the following penalties (in addition to dismissal from HPE) 
 Forfeiture of trading gains made or losses avoided, as well as civil penalties of up to three times the trading gains made or losses avoided 
 A criminal fine of up to 5,000,000 (no matter how small the profit) 
 A jail term of up to 20 years 
 Injunctions against future violations and 
 Private party damages. 
 If a covered person tips information to a person who then trades, the covered person can be subject to the same penalties as the tippee, even if the covered person did not trade and did not profit from the trading made by the person who receives the tip. 
 Control Persons . HPE and HPE management, if they fail to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal insider trading, can be subject to controlling person liability for an insider trading violation, with the following potential penalties 
 A civil penalty of up to 1,000,000 (as adjusted for inflation from time to time per SEC guidelines) or, if greater, three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the associate s violation and 
 A criminal fine of up to 25,000,000. 
 Company-Imposed Sanctions . Failure to comply with this Policy may also subject covered persons to disciplinary action, including dismissal for cause, whether or not the covered person s failure to comply results in a violation of law. 
 Training 
 The Legal Department will provide training through the Insider Trading Compliance staff with respect to these policies and procedures and HPE s compliance with them and with the federal securities laws and SEC rules relating to insider trading periodically as appropriate. 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 5
 ex-21x10312024.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 
 The registrant's subsidiaries as of October 31, 2024 , omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary, are included in the list below. 
 COUNTRY SUBSIDIARY AUSTRALIA Hewlett-Packard Australia Pty. Ltd. HP Financial Services (Australia) Pty Limited BELGIUM Hewlett Packard Enterprise Belgium BV SRL BRAZIL HP Financial Services Arrendamento Mercantil S.A. Hewlett-Packard Brasil Ltda. CANADA Hewlett-Packard Financial Services Canada Company Hewlett Packard Enterprise Canada Company CAYMAN ISLANDS H3C Holdings Limited CHINA Shanghai Hewlett-Packard Co. Ltd. DENMARK Hewlett-Packard ApS ENGLAND & WALES Hewlett-Packard Holdings Ltd. Hewlett-Packard Limited FRANCE Hewlett-Packard France SAS GERMANY Hewlett-Packard GmbH HONG KONG Hewlett-Packard HK SAR Ltd. INDIA Hewlett Packard Enterprise India Private Limited Hewlett-Packard Financial Services (India) Private Limited Hewlett-Packard (India) Software Operation Private Limited IRELAND Hewlett-Packard International Bank Designated Activity Company ISRAEL Hewlett-Packard (Israel) Ltd. ITALY Hewlett-Packard Italiana S.r.l. HPFS Rental S.R.L. JAPAN Hewlett Packard Japan, G.K. HP Financial Services (Japan) K.K. KOREA, REPUBLIC OF Hewlett-Packard Korea Ltd. MALAYSIA Hewlett-Packard (M) Sdn. Bhd. MEXICO Hewlett-Packard Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Hewlett-Packard Operations Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. NETHERLANDS Compaq Trademark B.V. Hewlett-Packard Nederland B.V. NORWAY Hewlett-Packard Norge AS PERU Hewlett-Packard Peru S.R.L. POLAND Hewlett Packard Enterprise Polska sp. z o.o. PUERTO RICO Hewlett Packard Enterprise CRL Hewlett Packard Enterprise III LLC SAUDI ARABIA Hewlett Packard Enterprise Limited SINGAPORE Hewlett-Packard Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales) Pte. Ltd. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Singapore Pte. Ltd SPAIN Hewlett-Packard Servicios Espa a S.L. 

SWEDEN Hewlett-Packard Sverige AB SWITZERLAND Hewlett Packard Enterprise B.V., Amstelveen, Meyrin Branch Hewlett-Packard International S rl Hewlett-Packard (Schweiz) GmbH TAIWAN Hewlett Packard Taiwan Ltd. TURKEY Hewlett-Packard Teknoloji z mleri Limited irketi UNITED STATES Hewlett-Packard Financial Services Company Hewlett Packard Pathfinder, LLC Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP HPEFS EQUIPMENT TRUST 2022-2 HPEFS EQUIPMENT TRUST 2022-3 HPEFS EQUIPMENT TRUST 2023-1 HPEFS EQUIPMENT TRUST 2023-2 HPEFS EQUIPMENT TRUST 2024-1 HPEFS EQUIPMENT TRUST 2024-2 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex-231x10312024.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-207679) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Grandfathered Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-207671) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2015 Stock Incentive Plan and the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-217152) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-207680) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise 401(k) Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221254) pertaining to the Cloud Technology Partners, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226181) pertaining to the Plexxi, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan, 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-251271) of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-229449) pertaining to the Bluedata Software Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 (9) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-234033) pertaining to the Cray Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (10) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-249731) pertaining to the Silver Peak Systems, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, 
 (11) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-255839) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, and the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, 
 (12) Registration Statement (Form S-8 POS No. 333-207671 and No. 333-217152) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 (13) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265378) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and the Hewlett Packard Enterprise 401(k) Plan, as amended and restated, and 
 (14) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-272379) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and the OpsRamp, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (15) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-279950) pertaining to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, 
 (16) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-222102) of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 (17) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-276221) of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, 

of our reports dated December 19, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended October 31, 2024. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 December 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex-311x10312024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Antonio F. Neri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 19, 2024 s ANTONIO F. NERI Antonio F. Neri 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex-312x10312024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Marie Myers, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 19, 2024 s Marie Myers Marie Myers 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 ex-32x10312024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Antonio F. Neri, the Chief Executive Officer, and Marie Myers, the Chief Financial Officer, of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company hereby certify that, to their knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company. 
 December 19, 2024 
 
 By s Antonio F. Neri Antonio F. Neri 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By s Marie Myers Marie Myers 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and will be retained by Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hpe-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hpe-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hpe-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hpe-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hpe-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

