<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241204_10-K_edgar_data_720154_0001628280-24-049947.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13364042</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>537833</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2409233</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4296361</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3147201</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2729831</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-049947.hdr.sgml : 20241204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241204171436
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-049947
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inotiv, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000720154
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				351345024
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23357
		FILM NUMBER:		241527052

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 KENT AVE
		CITY:			WEST LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47906-1382
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3174634527

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 KENT AVENUE
		CITY:			WEST LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47906-1382

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-049947.txt : 20241204

10-K
 1
 notv-20240930.htm
 10-K

notv-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended , 2024 . 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from ___________ to _____________. 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 
 INDIANA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 Based on the closing price on The Nasdaq Capital Market on March 29, 2024, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 
 As of November 15, 2024, of registrant s common shares were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 39 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 41 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 120 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 120 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 122 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 122 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 122 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 123 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 123 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 123 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 123 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 124 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 124 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance or condition. If any of the events or circumstances described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur, our business and financial performance or condition could be adversely affected, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. We have provided a summary of some of these risks below. 
 Our sales of non-human primates ("NHPs") have decreased significantly in recent periods, which adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations, and this trend may continue. 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows have and may continue to be adversely affected by our dependence on the importation of NHPs from suppliers located outside the U.S., particularly from communist countries in Southeast Asia, legal issues related to these suppliers and any inability to diversify our suppliers located outside the U.S. 
 We have identified conditions and events that could raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We have experienced periods of losses and financial insecurity. 
 We have incurred significant additional indebtedness, which may impair our ability to raise further capital or impact our ability to service our debt. 
 Our credit agreement contains covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. Our assets secure our obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Second Lien Notes and may be subject to foreclosure. 
 Our failure to comply with the terms of our credit agreement could result in an event of default that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may need additional capital, and any additional capital we seek may not be available in the amount or at the time we need it. 
 Our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We are involved in legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to inspections, investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities, which could lead to penalties, including substantial fines, warning letters, a temporary restraining order or injunction, civil and/or criminal penalties, and/or license suspension or revocation. 
 We are subject to environmental, health and safety requirements and risks as a result of which we may incur significant costs, liabilities and obligations. 
 Any failure by us to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results, and requirements to comply with new laws, regulations and guidance may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical industry could decrease the demand for the services we provide. 
 If we fail to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on a limited number of key clients, the importance of which may vary dramatically from year to year, and a loss of one or more of these key clients may adversely affect our operating results. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry. 
 The majority of our clients contracts and orders can be terminated upon short notice. 
 We may bear financial risk if we underprice our contracts or overrun cost estimates. 
 Our business uses biological and hazardous materials, which could injure people or violate laws, resulting in liability that could adversely impact our financial condition and business. 
 Our animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage our inventory, harm our reputation, result in decreased sales of our services or research products or result in other liability. 
 Failure to manage growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Providing contract research services creates a risk of liability. 
 New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research that could reduce demand for some of our products and services. 
 Our non-U.S. operations expose us to risks associated with operating internationally. 
 Some of our clients and contracts depend on government funding of research and development and a reduction in that funding may adversely affect our business. 
 We have and may further expand our business through acquisitions, which exposes us to various risks. Our due diligence of our past or future acquisitions may not have identified all pertinent risks, or the full magnitude of such risks, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 The Company may fail to realize anticipated strategic and financial benefits from acquisitions, related integrations and our site optimization strategy. 
 We are substantially dependent on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. 
 Our future success may depend on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes that could make our services and products less competitive or obsolete. 
 Actions of animal rights activists may affect our business. 
 We are at risk of cyber-attacks or other security breaches that could compromise sensitive business information, undermine our ability to operate effectively and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 Hardware or software failures, delays in the operations of our computer and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements could harm our business. 
 Our share price could continue to be volatile and our trading volume may fluctuate substantially. 
 The resale of certain common shares underlying warrants issued with the Second Lien Notes and covered by a resale registration statement could adversely affect the market price of our common shares, which result could in turn negatively affect our ability to raise additional equity capital. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and under Indiana law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of us would benefit our shareholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by shareholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market or another reputable stock exchange, it may be more difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and/or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Those statements appear in a number of places in this Report and may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our intent, belief or current expectations with respect to (i) our strategic plans; (ii) trends in the demand for our services and products; (iii) trends in the industries that consume our services and products; (iv) market and company-specific impacts of NHP supply and demand matters; (v) compliance with the Resolution Agreement (the Resolution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ and the United States Attorney s Office for the Western District of Virginia USAO-WDV and a Plea Agreement (the Plea Agreement with the DOJ and the USAO-WDV and the expected impacts on the Company related to the compliance plan and compliance monitor, and the expected amounts, timing and expense treatment of cash payments and other investments thereunder; (vi) our ability to service our outstanding indebtedness and to comply or regain compliance with financial covenants; (vii) our current and forecasted cash position; (viii) our ability to make capital expenditures, fund our operations and satisfy our obligations; (ix) our ability to manage recurring and unusual costs; (x) our ability to execute on and realize the expected benefits related to our restructuring and site optimization plans; (xi) our expectations regarding the volume of new bookings, pricing, operating income or losses and liquidity; (xii) our ability to effectively fill recent expanded capacity or any future expansion or acquisition initiatives undertaken by us; (xiii) our ability to develop and build infrastructure and teams to manage growth and projects; (xiv) our ability to continue to retain and hire key talent; (xv) our ability to market our services and products under our corporate name and relevant brand names; (xvi) our ability to develop new services and products; and (xvii) our ability to negotiate amendments to the Credit Agreement or obtain waivers related to the financial covenants defined within the Credit Agreement. Investors in our common shares are cautioned that reliance on any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. Although we believe that the assumptions on which the forward-looking statements contained herein are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove inaccurate and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based upon those assumptions could be significantly different from actual results. In light of the uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statement, the inclusion of a forward-looking statement herein should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required by law. 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 Corporate History 
 Inotiv, Inc. and its subsidiaries we, our, us, the Company, or Inotiv began operating in 1975 as Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 1974 and completed an initial public offering in 2000. On March 18, 2021, the Company changed its corporate name from Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. to Inotiv, Inc. Our stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol NOTV. We are headquartered in West Lafayette, Indiana. Our headquarters mailing address is 2701 Kent Avenue, West Lafayette, Indiana 47906, and the telephone number at that location is (765) 463-4527. Our Internet site is www.inotiv.com. The information contained on our website is not a part of this Report and is not incorporated by reference herein. 
 Overview 
 Inotiv is a leading contract research organization CRO dedicated to providing nonclinical and analytical drug discovery and development services primarily to the pharmaceutical and medical device industries and selling a range of research-quality animals and diets to the same industries as well as academia and government clients. Our products and services focus on bringing new drugs and medical devices through the discovery and preclinical phases of development, all while focusing on increasing efficiency, improving data, and reducing the cost of discovering and taking new drugs and medical devices to market. Inotiv is committed to supporting discovery and development objectives as well as helping researchers realize the full potential of their critical research and development projects, all while working together to build a healthier and safer world. We are dedicated to practicing high standards of laboratory animal care and welfare. 
 As a result of our strategic acquisition of Envigo RMS Holding Corp. Envigo in November 2021, which added a complementary research model platform, our full spectrum solutions now span two segments: Discovery and Safety Assessment DSA and Research Models and Services RMS ). 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Through our DSA segment, we support the discovery, nonclinical development and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for primarily small molecule drug candidates, as well as biotherapeutics and biomedical devices. Our scientists have skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, histology, pathology, physiology, surgery, analytical chemistry, drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current and potential clients. Our principal clients are companies whose scientists are engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical trials, drug metabolism studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research, from small start-up biotechnology companies to some of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. 
 
 Through our RMS segment, we offer access to a wide range of small and large purpose-bred animal research models for basic research and drug discovery and development, as well as specialized models for specific diseases and therapeutic areas, in addition to diet and bedding. We provide deep animal husbandry expertise and expanded access to scientists across the discovery and preclinical continuum, which can reduce nonclinical lead times and provide enhanced project delivery. In conjunction with our DSA business, we have the ability to run selected nonclinical studies directly on-site at closely located research model facilities and provide access to innovative genetically engineered models and services solutions. Our principal clients include biopharmaceutical companies, CROs, and academic and government organizations. 
 
 Discovery and Safety Assessment 
 The DSA segment is comprised of two principal areas of services: Discovery and Translational Sciences Discovery and Safety Assessment. 
 Discovery and Translational Sciences 
 Analytical Method Development and Validation: Analytical methods are developed and validated in a manner designed to ensure that data generated are accurate, precise, reproducible and reliable and are used consistently throughout the drug development process and in later product support. Both early-stage, fit-for-purpose discovery methods and fully Good Laboratory Practice GLP )-validated methods are generated to provide appropriate and timely responses to the client s situation. 
 In Vivo Pharmacology: We provide preclinical in vivo efficacy services. In vivo pharmacology is strengthened by the combination of our genetically-modified rodent production capability which provides animals with specific genetic modifications necessary for evaluation of new molecular targets and by our ability to use advanced proteomic technologies to characterize the pharmacological target and the model's responses to intervention. 
 Exploratory Pharmacokinetics and Toxicology: We evaluate the initial pharmacokinetics of drug candidates to determine oral bioavailability, dose proportionality of exposure, gender differences, and time-dependent changes in exposure in our laboratories. In addition we provide initial safety evaluation of drug candidates through the conduct of single and repeated dose exploratory toxicology studies designed to identify tolerability and target organ toxicity and to provide guidance for dosing of more extensive pivotal studies which are intended to support human clinical trials. 
 Analytical Products: Analytical products consist of our liquid chromatographic and electrochemical instruments with associated accessories. The critical component of these products is the Epsilon electrochemical platform. This platform incorporates all the hardware capabilities needed for most electrochemical experiments but can be modified through software development. The market for our analytical products is comprised principally of academic institutions and industrial research companies. 
 In Vivo Sampling Products: In vivo sampling products consist of the Culex family of automated in vivo sampling and dosing instruments. These instruments are used by pharmaceutical researchers to dose animals and collect biological samples (blood, bile, urine, microdialysate, feces or any bio-fluid) from the animals. Since dosing and sample collections are automated, animals are not manually handled, reducing stress on the animals and producing more representative pharmacological data. Behavior and other physiological parameters can also be monitored simultaneously. Compared to manual methods, the Culex products offer significant reduction in test model use and comparable reduction in labor. The line also includes in vivo sampling devices sold to drug developers and medical research centers to assist in the study of a number of medical conditions including stroke, depression, Alzheimer s and Parkinson s diseases, diabetes and osteoporosis. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Safety Assessment 
 Non-clinical Toxicology and Pathology Services: We provide safety testing in studies ranging from acute safety evaluation of drugs and medical devices to chronic, multi-year oncogenicity studies, and safety evaluation focused on developmental and reproductive toxicology. We also provide services in toxicologic pathology and evaluation of tissues from animal efficacy models, surgical modeling and focused evaluation of biomedical devices as well as cardiovascular safety evaluation in radiotelemetry-implanted animals. 
 Stability Testing: We test stability of nonclinical drug dosing formulations and collect bioanalysis samples designed to ensure the integrity of all solutions used in nonclinical and clinical studies and post-study analyses. Results from sample shipping and storage studies assist our clients in maintaining sample integrity throughout the process from collection to analysis. 
 Drug Metabolism, Bioanalysis, and Pharmacokinetics Testing: We analyze samples from in vitro, preclinical and clinical studies to identify and measure drug and metabolite concentrations in complex biological matrices, including drug metabolism, bioanalysis and pharmacokinetics studies. 
 Archiving Services: We provide climate-controlled archiving services for our clients data and samples at all of our facilities. 
 New Service Offerings 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we spent 3.3 million and 6.9 million, respectively, on startup costs for new service offerings that we are building internally including biotherapeutics and genetic toxicology. 
 
 Research Models and Services 
 The RMS segment is comprised of (1) Research Models, (2) Diet, Bedding and Enrichment, and (3) Research Model Services. 
 Research Models: Our research models business is comprised of the commercial production and sale of laboratory animals and research models for use by scientific researchers, principally purpose-bred small animal models (primarily mice and rats) and large animal models (non-human primates NHP and rabbits). We provide these models to numerous clients around the world, including many academic institutions, government agencies, biopharmaceutical companies, and CROs, and we have a global footprint with production facilities strategically located in three countries. 
 Our research models include standard stocks and strains, immunocompromised models (which are useful for oncology research), disease models (which are in demand as early-stage research tools) and genetically-engineered models GEMS (which are often created for specific research projects). 
 Small Animal Research Models : Our rodent species have been and continue to be among the most-used research models in the world, largely as a result of our geographic footprint and commitment to quality and client service. Our small animal research models are bred and maintained in controlled environments, which are designed to ensure that the models are free of specific viral and bacterial agents, and other contaminants that can disrupt research operations and distort research results. With our production capabilities, we strive to consistently deliver high-quality research models worldwide. 
 RMS rodent research models include: 
 outbred, which are purposefully bred for heterogeneity; 
 inbred, which are bred to be genetically identical; 
 spontaneous mutant, which contain a naturally occurring genetic mutation (such as immune deficiency); 
 hybrid, which are the offspring of two different inbred parents; and 
 GEMS. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our models are proprietary, disease-specific rodent models used to research treatments for diseases such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular and kidney disease. 
 Large Research Models: Our large animal portfolio includes NHPs and rabbits. NHPs are generally imported into the U.S. and Europe from Asia and Africa, with limited breeding in the U.S. We operate two quarantine facilities in the U.S. to house and clear these imported animals before onward shipment to clients. NHPs are used by our clients primarily for the safety testing of new biological therapies. Rabbits are bred in both the U.K. and U.S. and utilized primarily for the reproductive safety testing of potential new therapies. 
 Diet, Bedding and Enrichment: Through our Teklad product line Teklad ), RMS produces and sells laboratory animal diet, bedding, and enrichment products. With primary manufacturing operations in the U.S. and a primarily company-owned and/or managed distribution network throughout the U.S., U.K. and Europe, we distribute Teklad products globally. We also maintain contract-manufacturing relationships with companies in the U.K. and Italy. 
 Teklad offers a full line of off-the-shelf formulations as well as custom diets to meet our clients specific research needs. A team of nutritionists, including several PhDs, work with our clients to determine the best diet for their research objectives. If a custom diet is required, our nutritionists define the appropriate formula and our custom diet manufacturing line produces the feed. Our manufacturing facilities are ISO 9001:2015 certified. 
 Teklad diets are manufactured from natural ingredients and use fixed formulas. In conjunction with strict quality standards for raw materials, this approach helps to ensure quality and consistency by minimizing variability of both nutrients and certain natural chemicals in the diet which might affect a research study. Teklad offers a variety of bedding and enrichment products to support model breeding, weaning, and general husbandry. 
 Research Model Services: We also offer a variety of services designed to support our clients' use of research models in basic research and product development. These services include specialized surgical modifications such as cannulation, implants, and the creation of surgically derived disease state models. We also provide contract breeding, contract colony management, health monitoring, quarantine, cryopreservation, rederivation and revitalization services, as well as antibody development and production. Lastly, through the GEMS business, we offer the creation of new transgenic research models specific to individual clients needs. 
 
 The Company s Role in the Drug Development Process 
 Inotiv provides research support, through provision of its products and services, for the identification and development of new chemical and biological entities from discovery through clinical development. For both efficacy and safety evaluations, our DSA segment provides a wide range of supporting services and our RMS segment offers relevant, high-quality animal research models. 
 1. The discovery phase of new product development includes the identification and validation of potential targets for therapeutic intervention, the latter of which may involve studying a disease s molecular pathway by genetically altering one or more of the molecules in that pathway in cell lines or in murine models. Inotiv s molecular biology group creates such murine models for our clients and, where appropriate, can then support clients in the use of those models to study the pharmacokinetic and potential efficacy profiles of new therapeutic entities. 
 In addition to generation of new models for studying potential pharmacokinetics and efficacy at the request of our clients, Inotiv also has a broad range of off-the-shelf standard, and disease-bearing models, that may be used for the same purposes. Our discovery services group uses these animals, and other model systems, to perform a range of early discovery tests to better characterize potential new therapeutic molecules for mode of action, potential efficacy, and predicted safety and metabolism profiles. 
 2. After a new drug candidate is identified and carried through this preliminary discovery screening, the development process for new drugs has three distinct phases: the nonclinical phase, the clinical phase and the post approval phase. The nonclinical phase includes safety testing to prepare an Investigational New Drug ("IND") application for submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The IND must be accepted by the FDA before the drug candidate can be initially tested in humans. Once a pharmacologically active molecule is fully analyzed to confirm its potential utility, the initial dosage form for clinical trials is created. An analytical chemistry method is developed to enable reliable quantification. Stability and purity of the formulation are also determined. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Clients work with our nonclinical services group to establish initial pharmacology, pharmacokinetics PK ), pharmacodynamics PD and safety characteristics of the drug candidate. The safety studies range from dose ranging studies, that involve acute safety evaluation of drug candidates to chronic, multi-year oncogenicity and reproductive toxicity studies. Dose formulation analysis is provided by our pharmaceutical analysis group. Bioanalyses of blood sampled under these protocols by our bioanalytical services group provide pharmacokinetic and metabolism data that is used with the safety and toxicity information to determine the exposure required to demonstrate toxicity. A no observable adverse effect level is then established for the drug and sets the basis for future safety testing and clinical Phase I studies. Upon successful completion of nonclinical safety studies, an IND submission is made by the sponsor and must be approved by FDA prior to initiation of human clinical trials. 
 Our bioanalytical services group utilizes our depth of expertise in liquid chromatography with detection by mass spectrometry to support research, nonclinical and clinical programs. We also offer bioanalytical services that utilize electrochemistry, spectrophotometric (UV/Vis or fluorescence) and Corona Discharge detection as options. We have invested in robotics and mass spectrometry systems. Application of this technology allows us to rapidly develop and validate methods for new compounds and obtain information suitable for regulatory submission. In addition, our biotherapeutic bioanalysis platform employs modern methods for the detection of proteins, nucleic acids, and biomarkers associated with safety and efficacy in animals and humans. 
 3. The clinical phase further explores the safety and efficacy of the drug candidate in humans. The sponsor conducts Phase I human clinical trials in a limited number of healthy individuals to determine safety and tolerability. Bioanalytical assays determine the availability and metabolism of the active ingredient following administration. Expertise in method development and validation is critical for new chemical entities and new biological entities. 
 Exhaustive safety, tolerability and dosing regimens are established in patients in Phase II trials. Phase III clinical trials verify efficacy and safety. After successful completion of Phase III trials, the sponsor of the new drug submits a New Drug Application ("NDA") or Biologics License Application ("BLA") to the FDA requesting that the product be approved for marketing. The bioanalytical sample count per study grows rapidly from Phase I through Phase III. Phase II and III studies may take several years to complete, and must be supported by well-proven and consistently applied analytical methods. 
 In parallel with the conduct of Phase II and Phase III clinical development, additional nonclinical animal studies (including sub-chronic and chronic toxicology studies, carcinogenicity studies and reproductive toxicology studies) are performed to allow the drug to proceed through clinical development and to support product registration. 
 Our services supporting clinical development include evaluation of bioequivalence and bioavailability to monitor the rate and extent to which a drug is available in the body and to demonstrate that the availability is consistent between formulations. We also offer in-vitro bioequivalence testing for poorly absorbed topical and oral drugs. We offer support and testing services in clinical sample development, release and stability. 
 4. The post-approval phase follows FDA approval of the NDA or BLA. This includes production and continued analytical and clinical monitoring of the drug. The post-approval phase also includes development and regulatory approval of product modifications and line extensions, including improved dosage forms. The drug manufacturer must comply with quality assurance and quality control requirements throughout production and must continue analytical and stability studies of the drug during commercial production to continue to validate production processes and confirm product shelf life. Samples from each manufactured batch must be tested prior to release of the batch for distribution to the public. 
 We also provide services during the post-approval phase, including bioequivalence studies of new formulations, line extensions, new disease indications and drug interaction studies. Our ability to offer Good Manufacturing Process ("GMP") electrochemical detection services has provided increased business opportunities for release testing. 
 Increases in our services offerings have resulted in our ability to provide a broader range of services to our clients, often using combined services of several disciplines to address program needs. Our ability to solve problems by combining our knowledge base, services and products has been a factor in our selection by small startup biotechnology companies and major pharmaceutical companies to assist in several preclinical through post-approval phases. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Clients 
 
 We provide our services and products to organizations engaged in basic research, biomedical device and pharmaceutical research and development. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, we made sales to over 2,200 companies, ranging from emerging biopharmaceutical companies up to some of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. We discuss client concentration and geographic information related to our business in Note 5 Segment and Geographic Information to our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Recurring business from existing clients is important to ongoing operations. Our clients needs for our services and products increase and decrease depending on the stage of their research activities, so we experience some client turnover. Our business development efforts focus on both expanding existing client relationships and acquiring new clients. Historically, our RMS segment has had stable, long-term relationships with a majority of our clients due to their overarching preference for consistency in the products they use to conduct their studies. However, we are continuing our efforts to cross-sell and expand our client base. Our DSA segment, due to its broad menu of services and flexibility in study design, is well positioned to serve the emerging biopharmaceutical segment during the discovery and development phases. We discuss client concentration of revenue in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. 

Contractual Arrangements 
 
 Our DSA contracts typically establish an estimated fee to be paid for a proposed set of services designed in consultation with the client. In most cases, some percentage of the contract fee is paid in advance. While we are performing a contract, clients sometimes adjust the scope of services to be provided based on interim project results, in which cash fees are adjusted accordingly. Generally, our fee-for-service contracts are terminable by the client upon written notice of 30 days or less for a variety of reasons, including the client s decision to forego a particular study, the failure of product prototypes to satisfy safety requirements, and unexpected or undesired results of product testing. Cancellation or delay of ongoing contracts may result in fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. We are generally able to recover, at a minimum, our invested costs when contracts are terminated. 
 
 Our RMS product contracts are typically short-term in nature and based upon purchase orders submitted by clients to satisfy specific requirements for their research. Pricing is based upon list prices, which are market-adjusted. In addition, prior to Inotiv s acquisition of Envigo, Envigo entered into a five-year supplier agreement with a key strategic partner that includes minimum purchase commitments and preferred pricing (equal to best price extended to similar clients). The contract s initial term ended during the third fiscal quarter 2024 and automatically renews unless either party provides notice to terminate. The termination notice must be provided two years in advance. At this time, no termination notice has been provided. Contract breeding and client-owned animal colony care contracts are generally billed as per diems over the contract period. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We promote our services through centralized business development and marketing efforts and scientist-to-scientist communications. We recognize that our growth depends upon our ability to continually improve client satisfaction in order to deepen existing and establish new client relationships. 
 In November of 2019, the Company rebranded its contract research services business as Inotiv. Adoption of the trade name Inotiv symbolized the expansion and supplementation of the Company s legacy contract research service operations through significant business acquisitions as well as internal growth. Since the rebranding, the Company has marketed and otherwise managed its contract research services operations under the name Inotiv. On March 18, 2021, the Company changed its corporate name from Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. to Inotiv, Inc. Our research equipment manufacturing division continues to operate under the name BASi Research Products. 
 The Company acquired Envigo RMS Holding Corp in November of 2021. After its acquisition, the research models business of Envigo has continued to operate under the Envigo brand as an Inotiv company and comprises the majority of the RMS segment of Inotiv. Since March of 2023, the Company has worked to consolidate all DSA and RMS products and services under the Inotiv trade mark, as evidenced by the launch of a unified website under the Inotiv domain. 
 Our commercial initiatives include integrated campaigns designed to help differentiate and promote our products and services. Through trade events, digital and print advertising, direct communication, newsletters, scientific webinars, social 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 media, and our website, we provide our perspective on current industry challenges and developments to create an ongoing dialogue with our clients and to promote our industry expertise, quality, technology and innovation. Historically, we have reinforced key messages and selling points through client visits, presentations, corporate material and at trade events and industry conferences. 
 We encourage and sponsor the participation of our scientific and technical personnel in a variety of professional endeavors, including in-person (seminar) and virtual (webinar) speaking engagements, the presentation of papers at national and international professional trade meetings and the publication of scientific articles in medical and pharmaceutical journals. Through these endeavors we seek to emphasize our reputation for both scientific depth and operational excellence. 
 As of September 30, 2024, in addition to our leadership team and scientists, we had 136 employees on our commercial team supporting sales, marketing, client experience, client service and program management for both our DSA and RMS clients. These resources are located in both North America and U.K./Europe to serve major research markets. 
 
 Competition 
 Our two operating segments compete with other businesses, which range in size and capabilities, both financial and operational. In addition to competing companies in both industries, we compete with internal research and development teams at our client companies. There is competition for clients on the basis of many factors, including scientific and technological expertise, quality, reputation, responsiveness, price, scope of product and related service offerings, and geographic presence. Further, specific to the RMS segment, we believe there are significant barriers to becoming a global provider of research models, including the construction of bio-secure barrier production facilities, flexible-film isolator production facilities and the population of these facilities with over 250 species and strains of animal models (including over 80 genetically engineered rodent models), which requires years of investment and strict operating procedures. 
 For DSA, we have many competitors, including two public companies in the U.S. and three public companies in China. 
 For RMS, there are seven main competitors, including one public company in the U.S., four privately-held companies in the U.S., one government-funded, not-for-profit entity in the U.S., and one privately-held company in Europe. 
 
 Industry Support and Animal Welfare 
 Inotiv is committed to delivering high-level health and genetic quality, operational performance and client service. High standards of animal welfare are vital to delivering on each of these objectives and are a principal focus of Inotiv. 
 Inotiv is an advocate for implementation of Replacement, Reduction and Refinement 3Rs ). Members of Inotiv's scientific and technical care staff undertake continuing professional development in the field of laboratory animal science, with special focus on animal welfare and the 3Rs, and they are encouraged to publish and present within the scientific community. 
 Inotiv has formed internal Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees, comprising staff from many disciplines within the DSA and RMS segments, in addition to external representation, to implement applicable regulations and provide strict oversight of animal welfare matters. The majority of Inotiv s animal production facilities are accredited by the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care International AAALAC ), a private, non-profit, international accrediting organization that promotes the humane treatment of animals in science through voluntary accreditation and assessment programs. Our facilities are also routinely inspected by government agencies tasked with enforcing animal welfare regulations. 
 Inotiv is firmly committed to the 3Rs and to reducing the number of animals used in research by emphasizing health and genetic integrity to decrease study data variability. Whenever possible, technological advances, such as new diagnostic tests for screening pathogens in laboratory rodents, micro-sampling and in vitro assays, are used. 
 Laboratory animals remain an essential component in the research and development that our clients conduct. They further our knowledge of living systems and help in the discovery and development of products that can save or enhance human and animal lives. The Company works with the scientific community to improve our understanding and promote best practice in the care and welfare of research animals. As providers of research models to the research community and scientists conducting experiments on behalf of our clients to help discover and develop new medicines, Inotiv is responsible to our clients and the public for the health and well-being of the animals in our care. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Management 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,977 full-time employees and 98 part-time employees. All employees enter into confidentiality agreements intended to protect our proprietary information. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. Our performance depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified professional, scientific and technical staff. The level of competition among employers for skilled personnel is high. We believe that our employee benefit plans enhance employee morale, professional commitment and work productivity and provide an incentive for employees to remain with the Company. 
 Our primary objectives and philosophy of our compensation programs are to (i) drive leadership behaviors that maximize long-term stockholder value creation and (ii) attract and retain talented colleagues with the skills necessary to successfully manage and grow our business. 
 Attracting, retaining, and developing talent is a core principle of our talent management and total rewards strategy. Compensation and benefit programs are an important part of our employment relationship, which also includes challenging and rewarding work, growth and career development opportunities and being part of a leading CRO with a diverse and talented workforce that helps clients develop life-changing therapies. We strive to have the following features as part of our compensation and benefits: 
 a consistent framework that is affordable to the business; 
 a pay for performance focus individuals are rewarded for performance and overall contributions to business success; 
 compensation is fair and equitable, irrespective of gender, race, or similar personal characteristics; and 
 a total rewards package that will be competitive with leading companies. 
 Compensation is used to attract, retain, and motivate employees and to reward the achievement of business results through the delivery of competitive pay and discretionary incentive programs. Benefits provide employees with income security and protection from catastrophic loss. We will continue to evaluate and develop affordable, competitive benefit programs that meet these objectives. No one element is more important than any other, and business judgement is used to balance them to ensure our compensation and benefits strategy is effective in supporting our overall business strategy. 
 Our Guiding Principles consist of: 
 Pay Equity employee compensation should be fair and equitable. 
 Performance Orientation compensation programs should support and reinforce a pay-for-performance culture. 
 Competitive Positioning critical to attracting, motivating, and retaining a high-performance team. 
 Affordability compensation and benefits must be affordable to us over the medium to long-term. 
 Consistency and Stability compensation and benefit programs should have a high degree of consistency and should not significantly fluctuate year-over-year. 
 Delivery Efficiency compensation, benefits, and other related programs should be consistent, equitable and easy to administer. 
 Deliver Effectiveness clearly defined metrics should be developed for compensation, benefits, and other related programs that are aligned with corporate business performance metrics. 
 
 Attracting, retaining, and developing world class talent that is empowered to work together to compete and win is a fundamental aspect of our corporate strategy. A foundational principle of our talent management strategy is an unwavering commitment to equal opportunity in all aspects of employment, including the way we compensate and reward our employees. 

Regulatory Matters 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations and inspections designed to promote compliance therewith. We strive to conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations may result in sanctions, including substantial fines, warning letters that require corrective action (including potential facilities improvement requirements), revocation of approvals, exclusion from future participation in government 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 healthcare programs and grants, criminal prosecution and even the denial or debarment of the right to conduct business. We hold a range of permits and licenses, related to our activities. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulatory requirements and held to related and additional FDA expectations, all designed to ensure the quality and integrity of our data and products and to bioresearch monitoring (BIMO), including government inspections and audits related thereto and clinical trial monitoring. These regulations and related expectations include those promulgated under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended from time to time, and issued by FDA in guidances for industry GFI ), covering good laboratory practice GLP ), current good manufacturing practice CGMP ), bioequivalence BE ), and good clinical practice ("GCP"). These requirements demand rigorous attention to research; development; safety; manufacturing quality control; employee training; detailed documentation; equipment and computer validation; promotion and advertising; careful tracking of changes and routine auditing of compliance. Noncompliance with these standards could result in disqualification of project data collected by the Company, which would substantially impact our ability to meet our obligations to clients, and, in severe cases, discontinuance of selected operations. The products and services we offer to international clients are also subject to foreign regulatory requirements, which vary from country to country. 
 We are subject to federal, state and foreign healthcare and other regulations, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977), and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such regulations and laws. In particular, the relationships that we, and third parties that market and/or sell our products, have with purchasers of our products, are subject to scrutiny under various state and federal laws, including those referred to collectively as healthcare fraud and abuse laws. 
 Our facilities and operations are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to protection of human health and the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the environment and the storage, handling, use, treatment, disposal, and recycling of hazardous substances and wastes, as well as relating to the humane treatment of animals in our custody, as further described below. Such laws include, without limitation, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Animal Welfare Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. As environmental laws and regulations continue to evolve, it is likely we will be subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future, particularly under air and water quality laws and standards related to climate change issues. Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become increasingly stringent over time. 
 As a result of the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement, a compliance monitor will be established, in partnership with the Company, to ensure adherence to all federal Animal Welfare Act and Clean Water Act laws, rules, and regulations, as well as all federal and applicable state and local animal welfare, animal cruelty, water, and sewage laws, rules, and regulations. This also includes compliance with Company policies, procedures, and the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement. The compliance monitor will collaborate with the Company to oversee the nationwide compliance plan (as defined in the Plea Agreement), ensuring all activities are conducted ethically and in full compliance with the established regulatory framework. 
 
 Analytical Services 
 Laboratories that provide information included in INDs, NDAs and BLAs must conform to regulatory requirements that are designed to ensure the quality and integrity of the testing process. Most of our contract research services are subject to government standards for laboratory practices that are embodied in regulations for GLP, CGMP, BE and GCP. The FDA, Environmental Protection Agency and other regulatory authorities require that test results submitted to such authorities be based on studies conducted in accordance with the regulations listed above. These requirements include but are not restricted to the following areas: 
 Resources organization, personnel, facilities and equipment; 
 Rules protocols and written procedures; 
 Characterization test items, test systems and method validation; 
 Documentation raw data, final report and archives; and 
 Quality unit formalized internal audit function. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We must also maintain reports for each study for specified periods for auditing by the study sponsor and by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities in other parts of the world. Regulatory monitoring authorities such as the FDA, have indicated an increased emphasis on the management of electronic records generated by computerized systems to ensure data integrity. Noncompliance with these regulations can result in the disqualification of data collected during the preclinical trial, which would substantially impact our ability to meet our obligations to clients, and, in severe cases, lead to discontinuance of selected operations. 
 
 Nonclinical Services 
 Our animal research facilities are subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including rules and regulations enforced by the National Institutes of Health ("NIH") and the United States Department of Agriculture ("USDA"), such as the Animal Welfare Act ("AWA"). These regulations establish the standards for the humane treatment, care and handling of animals by breeders, dealers and research facilities. Our animal research facilities maintain detailed standard operating procedures and other documentation designed to comply with applicable regulations for the humane treatment of animals in our custody. If the USDA determines that our equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable AWA standards, it may issue an inspection report documenting the deficiencies and setting deadlines for any required corrective actions. For continued noncompliance, the USDA may impose fines, suspend and/or revoke animal research licenses or confiscate research animals. In addition to being licensed by the USDA as a research facility where applicable, we have registered assurances with the NIH. 
 
 Research Models and Services 
 As the RMS segment operates in a number of distinct environments and in a variety of locations worldwide, the RMS segment is subject to numerous, and sometimes overlapping, regulatory environments. 
 The AWA governs the care and use of certain species of animals used for research, exhibition, transportation and commercial breeding in the U.S. The AWA does not regulate laboratory-bred rats, mice and birds used in research. For regulated species, the AWA and the associated animal care regulations require producers and users of regulated species to provide veterinary care and to utilize specific husbandry practices such as cage size, shipping conditions, sanitation and environmental enrichment to assure the welfare of these animals and to file required reports with NIH's Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare. Separately, facilities using live vertebrate animals in research funded by the U.S. Public Health Service PHS must also adhere to the PHS Policy on Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals and follow the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals produced by the Institute for Laboratory Animal Research. 
 The RMS segment is subject to licensing and registration requirement standards set by the USDA and similar agencies in other countries for the care and use of regulated species. Our operations in Europe are subject to the standards as stipulated by Directive 2010/63/EU on the Protection of Animals Used for Scientific Purposes, as amended in 2019 by Regulation (EU) 2019/1010, including new reporting and transparency requirements and mandated collection of data and publication of statistics by Member States. Stipulations within that Directive were transposed into national legislations within Europe in 2013. We are regularly consulted and inspected by the relevant national authorities in each nation in which we operate. 
 The RMS segment's import and export of animals and its operations in foreign countries are subject to international agreements and conventions, as well as a variety of national, regional, and local laws and regulations, which establish the standards for the humane treatment, care, handling and transport of animals by breeders, dealers and research facilities. 
 In addition, the specific activities of some RMS lines of business require RMS entities to hold specialized licenses for the conduct, manufacture, and distribution of particular products and services. 
 All of RMS s sites are subject to licensing and regulation under international treaties and conventions, including national, regional and local laws relating to: 
 the surface and air transportation of laboratory specimens; 
 the handling, use, storage and disposal of chemicals (including anesthetics, narcotics and psychotropic drugs), biological reagents, laboratory specimens, hazardous waste and radioactive materials; 
 the safety and health of employees and visitors to our facilities; and 
 protection of the environment and general public. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 To meet these compliance obligations, Inotiv has established quality assurance procedures and functions. The quality assurance function operates independently from those individuals that manage RMS production. 
 
 Controlled, Hazardous, and Environmentally Threatening Substances 
 Some of our development and testing activities are subject to the Controlled Substances Act administered by the Drug Enforcement Agency ("DEA"), which strictly regulates all narcotic and habit-forming substances. We maintain restricted-access facilities and heightened control procedures for projects involving such substances due to the level of security and other controls required by the DEA. 
 Our laboratories are subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state and local laws relating to hazard communication and employee right-to-know regulations, the handling and disposal of medical specimens and hazardous waste, as well as the safety and health of laboratory employees. All of our laboratories are subject to applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to the storage and disposal of laboratory specimens, including regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Transportation, the National Fire Protection Agency and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We may incur liability for alleged environmental damages associated with the off-site transportation and disposal of hazardous substances. Generators of hazardous substances which are transported to disposal sites where environmental problems are alleged to exist are subject to claims under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), and state counterparts. CERCLA imposes strict, joint and several liabilities for investigatory and cleanup costs upon hazardous substance generators, site owners and operators, and other potentially responsible parties. We may be held liable for all costs arising out of any release of hazardous substances and for consequences arising out of human exposure to such substances, which costs may be material. In addition, changes in any environmental laws may increase costs of compliance and liabilities arising from any past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances and may materially adversely affect the business. 
 The regulations of the U.S. Department of Transportation, the PHS and the U.S. Postal Service apply to the surface and air transportation of laboratory specimens. Our laboratories must also comply with the International Air Transport Association regulations which govern international shipments of laboratory specimens. Furthermore, when materials are sent to a foreign country, the transportation of such materials becomes subject to the laws, rules and regulations of such foreign country. 
 
 Safety 
 In addition to comprehensive regulation of safety in the workplace generally, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established extensive requirements relating to workplace safety for health care employers, whose workers may be exposed to blood-borne pathogens such as HIV and the hepatitis B virus, chemicals and drugs, and respiratory hazards. These regulations, among other things, require work practice controls, protective clothing and equipment, training, medical follow-up, vaccinations and other measures designed to minimize exposure to chemicals, transmission of blood-borne and airborne pathogens, and other potential hazards. Additionally, relevant employees must receive initial and periodic training focusing on compliance with applicable hazardous materials regulations and health and safety guidelines. 
 
 Trends Affecting the Drug Discovery and Development Industry 
 Our services and products are primarily marketed globally to pharmaceutical, medical research and biotechnology companies and institutions (academic and governmental) engaged in drug research and development. The research services industry is highly fragmented among many niche vendors as well as a small number of consolidating larger companies; the latter offer an ever-growing portfolio of start-to-finish pharmaceutical development services. Our services and products may have distinctly different clients (including separate divisions in a single large pharmaceutical company) and requirements. We believe that market trends in the pharmaceutical and biotech industries demonstrate an increasing emphasis towards outsourcing, as companies seek to maintain reduced internal resources in favor of variable cost models that offer high quality and higher accountability alternatives to meet their drug discovery, development and manufacturing needs. We believe that our clients are facing increased pressure to outsource facets of their research and development activities and that the following factors are the main contributors to client outsourcing. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Limited Research Model Availability 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, researchers and CROs experienced significant limitations in their access to animal research models, specifically including a sharp reduction in the availability of NHPs originating from breeding farms in Southeast Asia. Prior to the pandemic, China was the leading exporter of NHPs employed in basic and applied research; however, early in 2020, China ceased exportation of cynomolgus monkeys, the species most commonly involved in pharmaceutical product development. This change in the world supply of a critical research model has resulted in a need to source increased numbers of NHPs from breeding farms principally located in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Mauritius Island, with a resultant marked increase in unit pricing. We do not know whether the embargo in China on exportation will loosen in the future. 
 On November 16, 2022, the Company became aware that the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of Florida USAO-SDFL had criminally charged employees of the principal supplier of NHPs to the Company , along with two Cambodian government officials, with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the United States from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with seven specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021 (the "November 16, 2022 event"). The indictment further jeopardized the already constrained domestic supply of these critical animal models. In addition, two of the Company's subsidiaries, Orient BioResource Center, Inc. ("OBRC") and Envigo Global Services, Inc., companies acquired by the Company on January 27, 2022 and November 5, 2021, respectively, received grand jury subpoenas from USAO-SDFL requiring the production of documents and information related to their importation of NHPs into the U.S. The Company understands that one of the Cambodian government officials was tried by the USAO-SDFL and acquitted in March 2024. On July 23, 2024, USAO-SDFL informed the Company that it was no longer investigating the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to their procurement of NHPs from foreign suppliers or NHP importation practices. 
 The limited NHP supply initially brought on by halting of Chinese exports and exacerbated by the events in Cambodia also resulted in an increase in the cost of these animals during fiscal 2023. While the cost of NHPs during fiscal 2024 decreased in comparison to fiscal 2023, we believe the cost could limit the ability of small innovator companies to fund the initial safety evaluation of new product candidates. 
 
 Accelerated Drug Development 
 Clients continue to demand faster, more efficient, more selective development of an increasing pool of drug candidates. Consequently, our clients require fast, high-quality service in order to make well-informed decisions to quickly exclude poor candidates and speed development of promising ones. The need for additional development capacity to exploit more opportunities, accelerate development, extend market exclusivity and increase profitability drives the demand for outsourced services. 
 
 Increase in Potential New Drug Candidates 
 
 The time and cost required to develop a new drug or device candidate have generally increased. Many small and virtual pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies do not have sufficient internal resources to pursue development of all of the new drug candidates on their own. Consequently, these companies are looking to the drug discovery and development services industry for cost-effective, innovative and rapid means of developing new drugs. Looking to the future, as we continue to explore how we can better support our customers, and their development of novel medicines going forward, we have embarked on a program to standardize the capture of data generated in discovery, safety, and clinical studies. The goal of this program is to structure our data in a way that, in the future, may allow an AI approach to integrate them to find correlations between discovery and safety data, and clinical outcomes that can innovate and accelerate our translational medicine offering. 

Cost Pressures of Introducing New Drugs 
 Market forces, healthcare reform and other governmental initiatives place significant pressures on pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to reduce drug prices. In addition, increased competition as a result of patent expiration, market acceptance of generic drugs, and governmental and privately managed care organization efforts to reduce healthcare costs have added to drug pricing pressures. The pharmaceutical industry is responding by consolidating, streamlining operations, decentralizing internal discovery and development processes, and minimizing fixed costs. In addition, increased pressures to differentiate products and justify drug pricing are resulting in an increased focus on healthcare economics, safety 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 monitoring and commercialization services. Moreover, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are attempting to increase the speed and efficiency of internal new drug discovery and development processes. 
 
 Patent Expiration 
 As exclusivity ends with patent expiration, drug companies defend their proprietary positions against generic competition with various patent extension strategies. Both the drug company pursuing these extensions and the generic competitors provide additional opportunities for the Company. 
 
 Alliances 
 Strategic alliances allow pharmaceutical companies to share research know-how and to develop and market new drugs faster in more diverse, global markets. We believe that such alliances will lead to a greater number of potential drugs in testing, many under study by small and virtual companies lacking broad internal resources to conduct such testing. These small and virtual companies can seek to add shareholder value by further developing new products through outsourcing, reducing risk for potential allies. Clients seek realistic business partnerships with their service provider in an effort to ensure that costs are controlled and scientific continuity is maintained as their development programs progress. We have long-standing business relationships with many pharmaceutical companies, continue to offer flexible services and aim to adapt to our clients requirements. 
 
 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 Consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry as well as its supporting contract research industry is commonplace. As pharmaceutical industry firms blend personnel, resources and business activities, we believe they will continue to streamline operations and minimize staffing, which will lead to more outsourcing and a dependence on small and virtual drug discovery efforts to feed their pipelines. Consolidation may result in a disruption in the progress of drug development programs as merging companies rationalize their respective drug development pipelines. In addition, we believe that consolidation within the contract research industry has created a unique opportunity for the emergence of mid-market CRO providers who can offer clients a high degree of touch not only in study execution, but in program design and regulatory agency interactions. 
 
 Biotechnology Industry and Virtual Drug Company Growth 
 The U.S. biotechnology industry has grown rapidly over the last two decades and has emerged as a key client segment for the drug discovery and development services industry. In recent years, this industry has generated significant numbers of new drug candidates that will require development and regulatory approval. Many biotechnology drug developers do not have sufficient in-house resources to conduct early stage drug development. Many new companies choose only to carry a product to a development stage sufficient to attract a partner who will manufacture and market the drug. Because of the time and cost involved, these companies typically rely heavily on CROs to conduct research for their drug candidates. 
 
 Specialized Technical Expertise 
 The increasing complexity of new drug candidates requires highly specialized, innovative, solution-driven research not available in all client labs. We believe that this need for specialized technical expertise will increasingly lead to outsourcing of research activity. We believe further that the reliance of the pharmaceutical industry on small innovative drug discovery companies, which are often overlooked by large CROs, creates an opportunity for strategic partnership with mid-market, consulting-based and innovative CROs such as ours. 
 
 Data Management and Quality Expertise 
 Our clients and worldwide regulatory authorities require more data, greater access to that data, consistent and auditable management of that data, and greater security and control of that data. We have made investments in software throughout our contract services groups to optimize efficiency and promote compliance with regulations and market expectations. 
 
 Globalization of the Marketplace 
 Foreign firms rely on independent development companies like ours with experience in the U.S. to provide integrated services through all phases of product development and to assist in preparing complex regulatory submissions. Domestic 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 drug firms are broadening product availability globally, which increases demand for local regulatory approval. We believe that we and other domestic service providers with global reach, established regulatory expertise, and a broad range of integrated development services and products will benefit from this trend. 
 
 Our Solution 
 We address the needs of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, as well as academic, non-profit and government organizations, for drug discovery and development by providing integrated products and services to help our clients maximize the return on their research and development investments. We have focused on stabilizing critical supply chain issues particularly related to research models. We believe our application of innovative technologies and products and our commitment to quality throughout the drug discovery and development process offer our clients a way to identify and develop successful drugs and devices more quickly and cost-effectively. We have obtained significant drug development expertise from over 50 years of operation, and in recent years, we have added to our CRO service offerings through expansion of current facilities, acquisitions and startup initiatives to build new service offerings internally. 
 
 Product Liability and Insurance 
 We maintain product liability and professional errors and omissions liability insurance, providing coverage on a claims-made basis. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we seek to manage our liability risk through contractual provisions to be indemnified by the client or covered by the client s liability insurance policies. Also, in certain types of engagements, we seek to limit our contractual liability to clients to the amount of fees received. Our client contractual arrangements are subject to negotiation, and the terms and scope of indemnification, liability limitation and insurance coverage vary by client and project. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe that our patents, trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights are important to our business. Accordingly, we actively seek protection for those rights both in the United States and abroad. Where we deem it to be an appropriate course of action, we will vigorously prosecute patent infringements. 
 
 Our issued patents are protected for durations ranging from October of 2031 to February of 2034. We also hold various U.S. registered copyrights and trademarks. In addition to these formal intellectual property rights, we rely on trade secrets, unpatented know-how and continuing applications research which we seek to protect through means of reasonable business procedures, such as confidentiality agreements. 

Raw Materials 
 
 There are no specialized raw materials that are particularly essential to our business. We have a variety of alternative suppliers for the components in our diet, bedding and enrichment products. 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 Below are the names, ages and positions of each of our current executive officers. 
 
 Robert W. Leasure, Jr., age 65, joined the Company as President and Chief Executive Officer on January 12, 2019. Mr. Leasure serves as the managing partner and president of LS Associates LLC LS ), a management and turnaround firm formed in 2002. From September 2016 until Mr. Leasure s employment, the Company engaged LS as a financial consultant. Mr. Leasure s experience working with management teams in areas including strategic planning and implementation, problem solving, operations, mergers and acquisitions and financial transactions, and in particular Mr. Leasure s experience leading the Company s turnaround and subsequent growth, well situate him for his role as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director. Mr. Leasure s current term on the board expires at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 John E. Sagartz, DVM, Ph.D., DACVP, age 58, joined the Company as part of the Company s acquisition of Seventh Wave Laboratories on July 2, 2018. Following the acquisition, Dr. Sagartz has served as the Company s Chief Strategy Officer and joined Inotiv s Board of Directors to help guide strategy in order to provide broader solutions and greater scientific expertise to the Company s clients. Dr. Sagartz began his career as a toxicologic pathologist at Searle/Monsanto in 1996, and held positions of increasing responsibility as section head, director, preclinical development site head, and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 fellow, following Monsanto s merger with Pharmacia. After Pfizer s acquisition of Pharmacia in 2003, Dr. Sagartz founded Seventh Wave Laboratories where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Strategy Officer. Dr. Sagartz is an adjunct associate professor of Comparative Medicine at St. Louis University s College of Medicine and serves on the Board of Directors of the National Association for Biomedical Research. He received his Bachelor of Science and Doctor of Veterinary Medicine degrees from Kansas State University and, after completing residency training in anatomic pathology, earned his Doctor of Philosophy from The Ohio State University. Dr. Sagartz has the education and experience to provide strategic insight and industry knowledge to serve as Chief Strategy Officer for the Company and serve as a director. Dr. Sagartz s current term on the board expires at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Beth A. Taylor , age 59, joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer on March 9, 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Taylor held financial positions of Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer at Endocyte, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2011-2019, VP of Finance and Corporate Controller at Author Solutions, Inc., Harlan Laboratories, Inc. and Republic Airways Holdings and Finance Director at Rolls-Royce Corporation. Ms. Taylor started her career in audit assurance with Deloitte and received a B.S. in Accounting from Kelley School of Business, Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. 
 
 Brennan Freeman , age 37, joined the Company as Corporate Controller on July 12, 2021. On October 25, 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Freeman as Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller of the Company. Mr. Freeman also serves as the Company s principal accounting officer. Mr. Freeman began his career at Ernst Young LLP, where he held various positions, including most recently as Manager Global Life Sciences Assurance Resident from July 2018 to September 2018, Senior Manager Global Life Sciences Assurance Resident from October 2018 June 2020 and Senior Manager Assurance Services from July 2020 July 2021 and received a Bachelor of Science in Business, majoring in Finance Accounting from Indiana University/Purdue University Indianapolis, Indiana 
 
 Jeff Krupp , age 53, joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, on March 28, 2022. Mr. Krupp was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company effective January 17, 2023. Prior to his tenure with the Company, Mr. Krupp served as Vice President, Human Resources at Dover Corporation, a diversified global manufacturer, from 2021 to 2022. From 2012 to 2020, he held pivotal senior-level roles at Wabash National Corporation, including Vice President, Talent Management; Vice President, Human Resources Global Manufacturing; and Vice President, Human Resources. Mr. Krupp's extensive career in Human Resources spans over two decades, also encompassing significant roles at Masco Corporation as Director, Human Resources, from 2007 to 2012, and at Commercial Vehicle Group, from 2002 to 2007, in the same capacity. He embarked on his 25-year journey in Human Resources with Magna International in 1998. Mr. Krupp holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Anderson University and a Bachelor of Science degree from Tennessee Wesleyan University. 
 
 John Gregory Beattie , age 58, joined the Company in February 2021 as the Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Beattie held Corporate Vice President positions at Charles River Laboratories, a contract research organization, where he led business units within all three of their segments. In these roles, Mr. Beattie was responsible for driving operational performance. Mr. Beattie holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology from McGill University and a Master of Science degree in Experimental Health Sciences from Universit du Queb c, and graduated from the Kellogg Management Institute program at Northwestern University . 
 
 Andrea Castetter , age 47, joined the Company as Senior Vice President - General Counsel and Corporate Secretary on October 23, 2023. Prior to joining Inotiv, Ms. Castetter served most recently as Associate Vice President, Chief Operating Officer - Legal for Eli Lilly and Company, a global pharmaceutical company, and in other progressive roles with Eli Lilly and Company for 23 years, including as Assistant General Counsel-Information Technology, Information Security, Cybersecurity, Privacy, and Insider Threat; Patent Counsel; and Biologist. Ms. Castetter received her Juris Doctor degree from Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law, and her Bachelor of Science degree from Butler University. 
 
 Adrian Hardy, Ph.D. , age 54, joined the Company as a part of the acquisition of Envigo on November 5, 2021. Following the acquisition, Dr. Hardy served as the Company s Executive Vice President. On June 4, 2024, Dr. Hardy was appointed as the Chief Commercial Officer. Prior to joining Inotiv, Dr. Hardy held the title of Envigo s Chief Executive Officer from 2016 to 2021, Envigo s Chief Operating Officer from 2014 to 2016 and prior to 2014, Dr. Hardy held global leadership roles for Envigo in strategy, operations, business development, sales, corporate development, and strategic marketing. Prior to joining Envigo, he also spent three years in product management for a subsidiary of Novartis. Dr. Hardy received his Bachelor of Science degree in Human Biology from King s College, University of London and received his doctorate in Developmental and Molecular Biology from University College, University of London. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 Our Internet address is www.inotiv.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the Investors section. We use this website as a means of disclosing material information in compliance with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investors section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, on our website, including: 
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the SEC; 
 announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our company and competitive strategies; 
 press releases on quarterly earnings, product and services announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; 
 corporate governance information, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, and other governance-related policies; 
 shareholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent; and 
 opportunities to subscribe to investor email alerts. 
 The information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or a part of, this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance or condition. If any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business and financial performance or condition could be adversely affected, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material that may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 All dollar amounts shown within this Item 1A are presented in thousands. 

Risks Related to NHP Supply and Demand 
 
 Our sales of NHPs have decreased significantly in recent periods, which adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations, and this trend may continue. 
 
 The preclinical research industry faced challenges and volatility resulting from the USAO-SDFL criminally charging employees of our then-principal supplier of NHPs in November 2022, and the subsequent decline in imports of Cambodian NHPs to the U.S. beginning in late 2022. The decrease in overall NHP supply drove an increase in NHP pricing in fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2024, both the cost of obtaining and the sale price of NHPs decreased. However, we still have some higher cost NHPs in inventory to sell, which typically result in reduced margins. Further, we believe some NHP customers have been and may still be working towards reducing some owned inventory and aligning their NHP purchases more closely with their immediate needs rather than purchasing historical levels of NHPs. We also believe the decreased U.S. NHP supply caused some studies to be shifted outside of the U.S. 
 
 The Company s RMS segment revenue decreased by 76,712 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, due primarily to the negative impact of lower NHP-related product and service revenue. For fiscal 2024, such reduction in revenue adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the Company s revenue and related operating margins do not increase, it would have an adverse effect on the Company s business financial condition and results of operations, and could result in non-compliance with the financial covenants under the Company s Credit Agreement, as discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows have and may continue to be adversely affected by our dependence on the importation of NHPs from suppliers located outside the U.S., particularly from communist countries in Southeast Asia, legal issues related to these suppliers, and any inability to diversify our suppliers located outside the U.S. 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows have and may continue to be adversely affected by our dependence on NHP suppliers that are located outside the U.S. and difficulties in being able to diversify our suppliers located outside the U.S. China exited the NHP exportation market in 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic, and has repeatedly stated that it strategically intends to dominate, amongst other things, worldwide biomedical research. As such, their demand for NHPs has shifted a previously exported supply to their domestic use. Legal matters affecting the Cambodian supply of NHPs, including those arising as a result of the USAO-SDFL criminally charging employees of our then-principal supplier of NHPs in November 2022, further exacerbated an already constrained NHP supply for U.S. research. 
 While we have multiple contracts with our NHP suppliers located outside the U.S., the number of NHP suppliers is limited. If we are unable to obtain NHPs in sufficient quantities of the required species or in a timely manner to meet the needs of our clients, if the price of NHPs that are available increases significantly, or if we are unable to ship the NHPs in our possession to our clients because of governmental restrictions or limitations, our business, particularly in our RMS segment, will be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to our Financial Activities 
 
 We have identified conditions and events that could raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We have identified certain conditions or events, which are discussed below, that could raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result of these and as disclosed elsewhere in this report, substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern exists. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company had negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of 21,432 and access to a 15,000 revolver, which had a 0 balance outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The fiscal 2024 results, in large part, were due to the difficulties in managing the constrained global supply and the shift in NHP demand in fiscal 2024, as discussed in the "Operational Update" of Note 1 - Description of the Business. Absent the Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Amendments to our Credit Agreement, the Company would not have complied with its financial covenants under the Credit Agreement for the March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 testing dates, respectively. If the Company's results of operations in the twelve months following the date of this report do not improve relative to fiscal 2024 results, the Company will be at risk of non-compliance with its financial covenants under its Credit Agreement. 
 
 If at any time in the twelve months following the date of this report, the Company fails to comply with its financial covenants which remains unremedied for the period of time stipulated under the Credit Agreement, this would constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement and the lenders may, among other remedies set out under the Credit Agreement, declare all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the borrowings plus accrued and unpaid interest to be immediately due and payable. Furthermore, if the lenders were to accelerate the loans under the Credit Agreement, such acceleration would constitute a default under our indentures governing the Company's Convertible Senior Notes (the "Notes") and the Company's 15.00 Senior Secured Second Lien PIK Notes due 2027 (the "Second Lien Notes") which, if not cured within 30 days following notice of such default from such trustees or holders of 25 percent of the Notes and from the trustee or holders of 30 percent of the Second Lien Notes, would permit the trustee or such holders to accelerate the Notes and the Second Lien Notes. If the loans under the Credit Agreement, the Notes and the Second Lien Notes are accelerated, the Company does not believe its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, would be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and repay the entirety of its outstanding senior term loans, repay the entirety of its outstanding Notes and repay the entirety of its outstanding Second Lien Notes in the next twelve months. Additionally, access to the revolver would be restricted and such funds would not be available to pay for any operating activities. 
 
 Our evaluation of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles entailed analyzing prospective fully implemented operating budgets and forecasts for expectations of our cash needs and comparing those needs to the current cash and cash equivalent balances in order to satisfy our obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and to comply with minimum liquidity and financial covenant requirements under our debt covenants related to borrowings pursuant to its Credit Agreement for at least the next twelve months. This evaluation initially does not take into consideration the potential mitigating effect of management s plans that have not been fully implemented and are outside of its control as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. When substantial doubt exists under this methodology, we evaluate whether the mitigating effect of our plans sufficiently alleviates substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The mitigating effect of management s plans, however, is only considered if both (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively implemented within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued, and (2) it is probable that the plans, when implemented, will mitigate the relevant conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. As a result of the factors outlined above, substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern exists. 
 
 In addition, the fact that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and that the Company is operating under these conditions may adversely affect the Company s stock price, its ability to raise capital, its ability to comply with its Credit Agreement and its normal business operations, among other implications. 
 We have experienced periods of losses and financial insecurity. 
 Throughout our history we have experienced periods of financial losses and financial hardship. Our current efforts may not result in profitability, or if our efforts result in profits, such profits may not continue for any meaningful period of time. In order to finance various acquisitions, expand certain facilities and resolve certain legal matters, we have significantly increased our leverage. Sustained losses may result in our inability to service our financial obligations as they come due, including the additional indebtedness we have more recently incurred, or to meaningfully invest in our business. 
 
 The Company s RMS segment revenue decreased 76,712 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, due primarily to the negative impact of lower NHP-related product and service revenue. For fiscal 2024, such reduction in revenue adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could continue in the future. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Although biotechnology funding in the market increased in the first nine months of calendar 2024, we believe that the reduced biotechnology funding in the market during 2022 and 2023 has continued to influence our clients' spending patterns for early-stage research and development. Additionally, we believe the funding allocation in the market among large biopharmaceutical companies and small to mid-size biotechnology companies, as well as current and expected interest rates, are tempering the speed of the recovery of the discovery services market. 
 For further information, refer to the Operational Update within Note 1 Description of the Business to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. There is no assurance that the Company will experience an increase in sales for the fiscal 2025 or any other future period. If the Company s revenue and related operating margins do not increase, it would have an adverse effect on the Company s business financial condition and results of operations, and could result in non-compliance with the financial covenants under the Company s Credit Agreement, as discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 We have incurred significant additional indebtedness, which may impair our ability to raise further capital or impact our ability to service our debt. 
 We have incurred significant additional indebtedness during recent periods. Our additional indebtedness may impair our ability to raise further capital, including to expand our business, pursue strategic investments, and take advantage of financing or other opportunities that we believe to be in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, curtailing spend, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Our additional indebtedness may also impact our ability to service our debt and to comply with financial covenants and the other terms of our relevant credit arrangements, in which case our lenders might pursue available remedies up to and including terminating our credit arrangements and foreclosing on available collateral. 
 While we have implemented efforts to curtail spending, there is no assurance that any such efforts will be successful or will have intended effect on our available cash. 
 
 Our credit agreement contains covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. Our assets secure our obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Second Lien Notes and may be subject to foreclosure. 
 
 Our Credit Agreement contains various covenants, restrictions, and events of default. Among other things, these provisions require us to maintain certain financial ratios and impose certain limits on our ability to engage in certain activities. 
 
 The restrictions in the Credit Agreement impose operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to compete effectively, take advantage of new business opportunities, or take other actions that may be in our, or our shareholders , best interests. Further, various risks and uncertainties may impact our ability to comply with our obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Our obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Second Lien Notes are secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the subsidiary guarantors. 
 
 Our inability to comply with any of the provisions of the Credit Agreement could result in a default under it. If at any time in the twelve months following the date of this report the Company fails to comply with its financial covenants which remains unremedied for the period of time stipulated under the Credit Agreement, this would constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement and the lenders may, among other remedies set out under the Credit Agreement, declare all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the borrowings plus accrued and unpaid interest to be immediately due and payable. Furthermore, if the lenders were to accelerate the loans under the Credit Agreement, such acceleration would constitute a default under our indentures governing the Notes and the Company's Second Lien Notes which, if not cured within 30 days following notice of such default from such trustees or holders of 25 percent of the Notes and from the trustee or holders of 30 percent of the Second Lien Notes, would permit the trustee or such holders to accelerate the Notes and the Second Lien Notes. If the loans under the Credit Agreement, the Notes and the 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Second Lien Notes are accelerated, the Company does not believe its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, would be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and repay the entirety of its outstanding senior term loans, repay the entirety of its outstanding Notes and repay the entirety of its outstanding Second Lien Notes in the next twelve months. 
 
 In addition, if we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders also have the right to proceed against the collateral. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Amendments to our Credit Agreement, including the Seventh Amendment, have added additional, or changed existing, financial covenants, which now include a secured leverage ratio, a fixed charge coverage ratio, a minimum weekly covenant, and any future amendments to our Credit Agreement may include other financial covenants or restrictions that could increase our risk of default. 
 
 Our failure to comply with the terms of our Credit Agreement could result in an event of default that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If there were an event of default under our Credit Agreement, all amounts outstanding under that agreement, the Notes and the Second Lien Notes could be due and payable immediately, which would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. An event of default may occur should our assets or cash flow be insufficient to fully repay borrowings under our Credit Agreement, whether paid in the ordinary course or accelerated, or if we are unable to maintain compliance with relevant obligations thereunder, including financial and other covenants. Various risks and uncertainties may impact our ability to comply with our obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Our inability to comply with any of the provisions of the Credit Agreement could result in a default under it. If at any time in the twelve months following the date of this report the Company fails to comply with its financial covenants which remains unremedied for the period of time stipulated under the Credit Agreement, this would constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement and the lenders may, among other remedies set out under the Credit Agreement, declare all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the borrowings plus accrued and unpaid interest to be immediately due and payable. Furthermore, if the lenders were to accelerate the loans under the Credit Agreement, such acceleration would constitute a default under our indentures governing the Notes and the Company's Second Lien Notes which, if not cured within 30 days following notice of such default from such trustees or holders of 25 percent of the Notes and from the trustee or holders of 30 percent of the Second Lien Notes, would permit the trustee or such holders to accelerate the Notes and the Second Lien Notes. If the loans under the Credit Agreement, the Notes and the Second Lien Notes are accelerated, the Company does not believe its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, would be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and repay the entirety of its outstanding senior term loans, repay the entirety of its outstanding Notes and repay the entirety of its outstanding Second Lien Notes in the next twelve months. 
 In addition, if we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders also have the right to proceed against the collateral. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 We may need additional capital, and any additional capital we seek may not be available in the amount or at the time we need it. 
 Successful execution of our growth plans will require that we have access to capital. Our expected financing needs are based upon management s estimates as to future revenue and expense. Our business plan and financing needs are subject to change based upon, among other factors, our ability to increase revenues and manage expenses and the timing and extent of our future capital expenditures and acquisition activity. If our estimates of our financing needs change, we may need additional capital more quickly than we expect or we may need a greater amount of capital. 
 In general, additional capital may be raised through the sale of common shares, including through our at-the-market offering program with Jefferies LLC, preferred equity or convertible debt securities, entry into debt facilities or other third-party funding arrangements, such as our recent sale of Second Lien Notes and accompanying warrants. The sale of equity, convertible debt securities and warrants may result in dilution to our shareholders and those securities may have rights senior to those of our common shares. Agreements entered into in connection with such capital raising 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 activities could contain covenants that would restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot timely raise any needed funds, we may be forced to reduce our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our ability to implement our long-term strategic roadmap and grow our business. 
 
 The financial covenants under the Company's Credit Agreement include, among others, a requirement to not permit the consolidated debt to consolidated EBITDA of the Company to exceed certain leverage thresholds under the Credit Agreement. The Seventh Amendment provides that any charges or expenses attributable to or related to the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement may be added back to the Company s consolidated EBITDA (up to 32,000) for purposes of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company had negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of 21,432 and access to a 15,000 revolver, which had 0 balance outstanding as of September 30, 2024. These results, in large part, are a result of the difficulties in managing the constrained global supply and the shift in NHP demand in fiscal 2024, as discussed in the Operational Update of Note 1 - Description of the Business. Absent the Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Amendments (as defined in Note 7 - Debt), the Company would not have complied with its financial covenants under the Credit Agreement for the March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 testing dates, respectively. If results of operations in the coming twelve months do not improve relative to the previous twelve months, the Company is at risk of non-compliance with its financial covenants under its Credit Agreement. 
 
 If at any time in the next twelve months the Company reports a failure to comply with its financial covenants which remains unremedied for the period of time stipulated under the Credit Agreement, this would constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement and the lenders may, among other remedies set out under the Credit Agreement, declare all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the borrowings plus accrued and unpaid interest to be immediately due and payable. Furthermore, if the lenders were to accelerate the loans under the Credit Agreement, such acceleration would constitute a default under our indentures governing the Company's Convertible Senior Notes (the "Notes") and the Second Lien Notes (as defined in Note 7 - Debt) which, if not cured within 30 days following notice of such default from the trustee or holders of 25 percent of the Notes and from the trustee or holders of 30 percent of the Second Lien Notes, would permit the trustee or such holders to accelerate the Notes and the Second Lien Notes. If the lenders accelerate the loans under the Credit Agreement, the Company does not believe its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, would be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and repay the entirety of its outstanding senior term loans, repay the entirety of its outstanding Notes and repay the entirety of its Second Lien Notes in the next twelve months. Additionally, access to the revolver would be restricted and such funds would not be available to pay for any operating activities. 
 
 On September 13, 2024, t he Company entered into a Seventh Amendment to the Company's Credit Agreement. The Seventh Amendment, among other changes, permits the incurrence of the issuance of the Second Lien Notes, made certain changes to the component definitions of the financial covenants, including the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, and increased the cash netting capability in the Secured Leverage Ratio covenant. The Seventh Amendment included the addition of a maximum capital expenditure limit and a minimum EBITDA test effective for the testing periods of the six months ended December 31, 2024 and the nine months ended March 31, 2025, waived the existing financial covenants from the date of the Seventh Amendment until June 30, 2025, and established new testing ratios for the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Secured Leverage Ratio covenants for the fiscal quarters beginning June 30, 2025 and thereafter. The Seventh Amendment also caps the reinvestment of funds from extraordinary receipts and asset sales and casualty events at 5,000 in the aggregate, and established a non-voting third party observer to the Company s board of directors meetings, as elected by the lenders. 
 
 Our evaluation of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles entailed analyzing prospective fully implemented operating budgets and forecasts for expectations of our cash needs and comparing those needs to the current cash and cash equivalent balances in order to satisfy our obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and to comply with minimum liquidity and financial covenant requirements under our debt covenants related to borrowings pursuant to its Credit Agreement for at least the next twelve months. This evaluation initially does not take into consideration the potential mitigating effect of management s plans that have not been fully implemented and are outside of its control as of the date the financial statements are issued. When substantial doubt exists under this methodology, we evaluate whether the mitigating effect of our plans sufficiently alleviates substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The mitigating effect of management s plans, however, is only considered if both (1) it is probable that 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 the plans will be effectively implemented within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued, and (2) it is probable that the plans, when implemented, will mitigate the relevant conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 
 After considering the factors outlined above, we concluded that substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern exists. This is discussed further in Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Management did not design and maintain effective controls over information technology general controls ("ITGCs") for applications that are relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements throughout the year ended September 30, 2022, which resulted in ineffective business process controls (automated and IT-dependent manual controls) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all of the financial statement accounts and disclosures. Specifically, management did not design and maintain: sufficient user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs and data to appropriate Company personnel; and program change management controls to ensure that information technology IT program and data changes affecting financial information technology applications and underlying accounting records are authorized, tested, and implemented appropriately. As a result, business process controls (automated and IT-dependent manual controls) that are dependent on the ineffective ITGCs, or that use data produced from systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs were deemed ineffective at September 30, 2022, and were not remediated and therefore remained ineffective at September 30, 2023 and 2024; and 
 
 Management did not have an adequate process in place to design and test the operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner or an adequate process in place to monitor and provide oversight over the completion of its assessment of internal control over financial reporting. As such, we determined that management did not effectively design and implement components of the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO framework) to address all relevant risks of material misstatement, including elements of the control environment, information and communication, control activities and monitoring activities components, relating to: (i) providing sufficient and timely management oversight and ownership over the internal control evaluation process; (ii) hiring and training sufficient personnel to timely support the Company s internal control objectives; and (iii) performing timely monitoring and oversight to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning effectively. As a result, controls relevant to all business processes and related controls (including relevant entity level controls) were deemed ineffective at September 30, 2022, and were not remediated and therefore remained ineffective at September 30, 2023 and 2024. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We expect to take steps to remediate the material weaknesses, but there is no assurance that any remediation efforts will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 
 If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Risks Related to Regulation and Legal Matters 
 
 We are involved in legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We are involved in legal proceedings related to various matters, including employment and securities litigation, and may become involved in other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the future. For example, as discussed further in Note 16 - Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8, a putative securities class action and derivative securities lawsuits have been filed against the Company and certain officers and directors, alleging, among other things, violations of the Exchange Act related to the Company s disclosures concerning its acquisitions of Envigo and OBRC and their regulatory compliance. 
 
 Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, be harmful to our reputation, require significant management attention, and divert significant resources. In addition, the expense of litigation and the timing of this expense from period to period are difficult to estimate and subject to change. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. Given the uncertain nature of legal proceedings generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome. We could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period. 
 
 We are subject to inspections, investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities, which could lead to penalties, including substantial fines, warning letters, a temporary restraining order or injunction, civil and/or criminal penalties, and/or license suspension or revocation. 
 
 We are subject to periodic inspections by regulatory authorities, including the FDA, the USDA and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. As part of these inspections, the regulatory authorities seek to determine whether our facilities, operations and animal research model importation practices comply with applicable laws and regulations. Adverse findings as a result of these inspections could lead to enforcement actions, including substantial fines, warning letters that require corrective action (including potential facilities improvement requirements), revocation of approvals, exclusion from future participation in government healthcare programs, criminal prosecution and even the denial of the right to conduct business. For further information on these and other actions, see Note 16 - Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Inspections, investigations and/or other actions could result in penalties that could include a temporary restraining order or injunction, civil and/or criminal penalties, debarment and/or permit and/or license suspension or revocation. The imposition of any of these penalties or other restrictions on our business could adversely affect our business reputation and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price. 
 
 We are subject to environmental, health and safety requirements and risks as a result of which we may incur significant costs, liabilities and obligations. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws, regulations, initiatives and permits that govern, among other things: the emission and discharge of materials, including greenhouse gases, in air, land and water; the remediation of soil, surface water and groundwater contamination; the generation, storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of regulated materials and wastes, including biomedical and radioactive wastes; and health and safety. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations or permits could result in fines or sanctions, obligations to investigate or remediate existing or potential contamination, third-party property damage claims, personal injury claims, natural resource damages claims or modification or revocation of operating permits and/or licenses, debarment and/or may lead to temporary or permanent business interruptions. Pursuant to certain environmental laws, we may be held strictly, and under certain circumstances jointly and severally, liable for costs of investigation and remediation of contaminated sites which we currently own or operate, or sites we or our predecessors have owned or operated in the past. Further, we could be held liable at sites where we have sent waste for disposal. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental laws, regulations and permits, and the enforcement thereof, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. Compliance with the requirements of laws and regulations may increase capital costs and operating expenses or necessitate changes to our production processes. 
 We use, and in the past have used, hazardous materials and generate, and in the past have generated, hazardous wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any resulting damages and incur liabilities which could exceed our resources. Our costs, liabilities and obligations relating to environmental matters may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 For further information on these and other actions, see Note 16 - Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Any failure by us to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results, and requirements to comply with new laws, regulations and guidance may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any failure on our part to comply with existing regulations could result in the termination of ongoing research or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities. For example, if we were to fail to properly monitor compliance with study protocols, the data collected could be disqualified. Under such circumstances, we may be contractually required to repeat a study at no further cost to the client, but at substantial cost to us. That development would harm our reputation, our prospects for future work and our operating results. The issuance of a notice from the FDA or the USDA, or other relevant authorities, based on a finding of a material violation by us of good clinical practice, good laboratory practice or good manufacturing practice requirements, animal welfare laws and regulations, or other applicable regulations could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance, including fines or sanctions, debarment and/or permit and/or license suspension or revocation. Furthermore, the cost to comply with new federal or state legislation or regulations may adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 For further information on these and other actions, see Note 16 - Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical industry could decrease demand for the services we provide. 
 
 Governmental agencies throughout the world, but particularly in the United States, strictly regulate the drug development process. Our business involves helping pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies comply with the regulatory drug approval process. Changes in regulation, such as a relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug approval procedures, or an increase in regulatory requirements that we may have difficulty satisfying, or that make our services less competitive, could substantially decrease demand for our services and products. Also, if governments increase efforts to contain drug costs and pharmaceutical and biotechnology company profits from new drugs, or if governments impose new regulatory requirements demanding restricted use of research models for biomedical research, our clients may spend less, or slow the pace of increased spending, on research and development. 
 
 If we fail to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services regulations under the HIPAA demand compliance with patient privacy and confidentiality requirements. We are also subject to federal, state and international data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, location, disposal and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition to U.S. federal laws and regulations, a number of U.S. states have also enacted data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information. In ternationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data privacy and security legal framework with which we must comply. 
 
 The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving as countries continue to adopt privacy and data security laws that may apply to us, both because our operations are located in those countries and/or because we provide services to customers in those countries. The interpretation and 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 enforcement of the laws and regulations described above are uncertain and subject to change, and may require substantial costs to monitor and implement compliance with any additional requirements. Failure to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations, and the disclosure of any data or related breach, could result in government enforcement actions (which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties and injunctive relief), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to our Operations 
 
 We rely on a limited number of key clients, the importance of which may vary dramatically from year to year, and a loss of one or more of these key clients may adversely affect our operating results. 
 One client related to the RMS segment accounted for approximately 15.9 and 22.0 of our total revenue during fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. Five clients of the DSA segment in the aggregate accounted for approximately 5.5 and 5.4 of our total revenue during fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The loss of a significant amount of business from one or more of our major clients would materially and adversely affect our results of operations until such time, if ever, as we are able to replace the lost business. Significant clients or projects in any one period may not continue to be significant clients or projects in other periods. In any given year, there is a possibility that a single client may account for a significant percentage of our total revenue or that our business may depend on one or more large projects. Since we do not have long-term contracts with most of our clients, the importance of a single client may vary dramatically from year to year as projects end and new projects begin. To the extent that we are meaningfully dependent on any single client, we are indirectly subject to risks related to that client, including if such risks impede the client s ability to stay in business or otherwise to make timely payments to us. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry. 
 The contract research services industry is highly competitive. We often compete for business not only with other CROs, but also with internal discovery and development departments within our client companies. Several of our competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing, technical or other resources and a larger global footprint than we have. The industry has historically been diverse with more than 1,000 CROs around the globe, ranging from small, regional niche laboratories up to global comprehensive service providers with tens of thousands of employees. 
 The contract research services industry has experienced consolidation in recent years. This trend is likely to produce more competition among the larger companies for both clients and acquisition candidates. Offshore CROs have provided increasing competitive pressures. 
 The RMS industry is highly competitive. Competition ranges from academics and large biopharmaceutical companies, that derive and maintain their own rodent colonies, to commercial competitors that may offer a similar or overlapping range of products and/or services. Some of these competitors have greater capital, technical and other resources than we have, while other competitors that are smaller specialized companies might compete effectively against us based on price and their concentrated size and focus. 
 If we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. Increased competition might lead to price and other concessions that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The majority of our clients contracts and orders can be terminated upon short notice. 
 Most of our contracts for contract research services are terminable by the client upon 30 days notice and these clients terminate or delay their contracts for a variety of reasons. Further, in general, our clients order research models on an as-needed basis. The size and frequency of those orders can be reduced or eliminated with little or no notice. 
 Client contracts and orders may be negatively impacted for various reasons, including: 
 products being tested fail to satisfy safety requirements; 
 products having undesired clinical results; 
 the client deciding to forego a particular study; 
 inability to enroll enough patients in the study; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 inability to recruit enough investigators; 
 loss of funding for the particular research study or program; 
 production problems causing shortages of the drug; 
 inability to secure research models relevant to the studies; and 
 actions by regulatory authorities. 
 Although our contract research contracts frequently entitle us to receive the costs of winding down the terminated projects, as well as all fees earned by us up to the time of termination, and some of our contracts entitle us to a termination fee, the loss, reduction in scope or delay of a large contract or order, or the loss or delay of multiple contracts or orders, could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We may bear financial risk if we underprice our contracts or overrun cost estimates. 
 Since some of our contracts are structured as fixed price or fee-for-service, we bear the financial risk if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates. Significant underpricing or cost overruns could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 Our business uses biological and hazardous materials, which could injure people or violate laws, resulting in liability that could adversely impact our financial condition and business. 
 Our activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful biological materials, as well as hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages that result, and any liability could exceed our insurance coverage and ability to pay. Any contamination or injury could also damage our reputation, which is critical to obtaining new business. In addition, we are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations is significant and if changes are made to impose additional requirements, these costs could increase and have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage our inventory, harm our reputation, result in decreased sales of our services or research products or result in other liability. 
 It is important that our animal populations be free of diseases, including infectious diseases. The presence and prevalence of diseases can distort or compromise the quality of research results, can cause substantial loss of animals in our inventory, can result in harm to humans or outside animal populations if the disease is not contained to animals in inventory, or can result in other losses. 
 These risks may differ substantially according to species. In rodents, most infections are without any apparent clinical signs and therefore pose a risk to the scientific quality of the research performed on the animals rather than to humans. In NHPs, the main concern is the potential for zoonotic infectious diseases to cause harm to humans. As a result, all animals are serologically tested for specific diseases in our facilities and at our suppliers. We seek to minimize the risk of animals being infected by stringent biohazard management protocols and health monitoring programs in place in our facilities. Nevertheless, we have in the past suffered disease in our animal populations and may suffer outbreaks in the future. 
 If disease or contamination occurs in our animal population, it typically requires remediation and cleanup activities that are costly and time consuming. In certain circumstances, it can require the temporary or permanent closure of an affected facility. We have experienced such closures in the past and may do so again in the future. 
 Any significant disease outbreak has the potential to harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. There is also the risk that disease from research models we produce may affect our clients facilities and may result in an affected client requesting compensation for damages. 
 While we endeavor to include provisions in our sale and supply contracts which entitle us to be indemnified or entitle us to a limitation of liability, these provisions do not uniformly protect us against liability arising from certain of our 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 own actions, such as negligence or misconduct. Moreover, in certain circumstances, we may agree to use contracts drafted by our clients, which may not contain clauses that indemnify us or limit our liability. We could be materially adversely affected if we were required to pay damages or bear the costs of defending any claim which is not covered by a contractual indemnification provision or in the event that a party who must indemnify us does not fulfill its indemnification obligations or which is beyond the level of our insurance coverage or for which insurance coverage is not available. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain insurance coverage on terms acceptable to us. 
 Failure to manage growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 To manage growth effectively, we must continually evaluate and evolve our organization. We must also manage our employees, operations, finances, technology and development and capital investments efficiently. Our efficiency, productivity and the quality of our products and services may be adversely impacted if we do not integrate and manage growth effectively, or if we fail to appropriately coordinate across our organization. 
 Our growth may place a strain on our resources, infrastructure and ability to maintain the quality of our products and services. You should not consider our past growth and as indicative of future performance. Failure to manage our growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Providing contract research services creates a risk of liability. 
 We could be held liable for errors and omissions in connection with the services we perform or the reporting we provide to our clients, which may compromise a study or data from a study or cause the data to be incomplete. Further, we could be held liable for any failure to appropriately care for our clients' property including, among other things, research models, samples, compounds or records. The occurrence of these risks could result in us having to pay damages or incur other costs. 
 New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in biomedical research that could reduce demand for some of our products and services. 
 For many years, groups within the scientific and research communities have attempted to develop models, methods and systems that would replace or supplement the use of living animals as test subjects in biomedical research. In addition, technological improvements to existing or new processes, such as imaging and biomarker technology, could result in a refinement in the number of animal research models necessary to conduct the required research. Alternative research methods could decrease the need for research models, and we may not be able to develop new products effectively or in a timely manner to replace any lost sales. In addition, other companies or entities may develop research models with characteristics different than the ones that we produce, and which may be viewed as more desirable by our clients. 
 Our non-U.S. operations expose us to risks associated with operating internationally. 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, 14.6 and 15.7 , respectively, of our revenues were generated by our facilities outside the U.S. As a result of these sales from foreign entities and facilities located outside the U.S., our operations are subject to a variety of risks unique to international operations, including the following: 
 exposure to local economic conditions; 
 currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations; 
 differences and changes in tax laws; 
 potential restrictions on the transfer of funds; 
 differences in regulatory requirements; 
 exposure to liabilities under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or the U.K. Antibribery Act; 
 government imposed investment and other restrictions or requirements; 
 failure to comply with new and evolving regulations, including privacy and security laws; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 exposure to local social unrest, including any resulting acts of war, terrorism or similar events; 
 exposure to local public health issues and the resulting impact on economic and political conditions; 
 difficulty enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain legal systems; 
 more expansive legal rights of employees, including specifically those applicable to our European operations; 
 variations in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; and 
 export and import and trade restrictions (such as antidumping duties, tariffs or embargoes). 
 Some of our clients and contracts depend on government funding of research and development and a reduction in that funding may adversely affect our business. 
 A significant portion of sales are derived from clients at academic institutions and research laboratories whose funding is partially dependent on funding from government sources, including the NIH and U.K./E.U. equivalents. Such funding can be difficult to forecast as it may be subject to the political process. Our sales may be adversely affected if our clients delay purchases as a result of uncertainties surrounding the approval of government budget proposals. There can be no certainty that government research funding that is approved will be directed towards projects and studies that require use of our products and services. A reduction in government funding for the NIH or other government research agencies could adversely affect our business and our financial results. 
 
 Risks Related to our Acquisition and Optimization Activities 
 We have and may further expand our business through acquisitions, which exposes us to various risks. Our due diligence of our past or future acquisitions may not have identified all pertinent risks, or the full magnitude of such risks, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 We have completed several acquisitions and from time to time may review other acquisition candidates. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: 
 The inability of the Company to obtain financing for the acquisition of targets; 
 Difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating acquired companies and achieving expected benefits, including as related to the integration of departments, accounting and other systems, technologies, books and records and procedures; 
 Diversion of management s attention from daily operations to various integration activities; 
 The potential for disruption of prior operations and plans; 
 The risk that acquisitions could be dilutive to earnings, or in the event of acquisitions made through the issuance of our common shares to the shareholders of the acquired company, dilutive to the percentage ownership of our existing shareholders; 
 The adverse impact of risks facing the acquired companies, including losses resulting from undiscovered liabilities of acquired companies not covered by the indemnification we may obtain from the sellers; 
 Risks associated with the assimilation and retention of employees, including key employees; 
 The potential loss of, or adverse effects on, existing business relationships the acquired business has with suppliers and clients; 
 The potential need to address relevant internal control over financial reporting and disclosure control and procedures matters; 
 Possible deficiencies in operational processes and procedures; 
 Risks associated with carrying a relatively significant level of debt; and 
 The ability of our management team to manage expanded operations to meet operational and financial expectations. 
 
 Our operating results or financial condition also may be adversely impacted by (i) claims or liabilities related to the acquired companies businesses including, among others, claims from U.S. regulatory or other governmental agencies, such as those related to OBRC and Envigo, terminated employees, current or former clients or business partners, or other third parties; (ii) pre-existing contractual relationships of the acquired companies that we would not have 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 otherwise entered into, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; (iii) unfavorable accounting treatment as a result of the acquired companies' practices; and (iv) intellectual property claims or disputes. 
 
 Certain of the companies we have acquired were not required to maintain an internal control infrastructure that would meet the standards of a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and we may acquire similar companies in the future. The costs to implement such controls and procedures may be substantial and we could encounter unexpected delays and challenges in this implementation. In addition, we may discover significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the quality of an acquired company's financial and disclosure controls and procedures which could result in additional costs or adversely affect our business or operating results, and, as has occurred with us, the accounting for acquisitions can be complex and may lead to material weaknesses. 
 
 As part of our merger and acquisition due diligence, we utilize information provided by relevant sellers. As is true with any merger and acquisition transaction, we may not be aware of all liabilities, or the full magnitude of liabilities, of the acquired business at the time of acquisition. Potential incremental liabilities and additional risks and uncertainties related to our recent or future acquisitions not known or fully appreciated by us could negatively and materially impact our future business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, there are a number of investigations, lawsuits, claims and other matters described in Note 16 Contingencies that relate to the businesses and operations we acquired through the acquisitions of Envigo, OBRC and others . 
 
 The Company may fail to realize anticipated strategic and financial benefits from acquisitions, related integrations and our site optimization strategy. 
 
 We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our business acquisitions. These acquisitions may not further our business strategy as we expect, we may fail to successfully integrate the acquired operations as planned or to realize the synergies and other benefits we expected from the acquisitions, we have in the past, and may again in the future, experience unexpected adverse impacts on the acquired businesses, or we may otherwise not realize the expected return on our investments, any of which could adversely affect our business or operating results and potentially cause impairment to assets that we record as a part of the acquisitions, including intangible assets and goodwill. We may have difficulties managing the acquired businesses or retaining key personnel of the acquired companies. 
 
 In addition, during recent periods, we have undertaken, and we plan to undertake additional, restructuring and site optimization initiatives, designed to allow us to reduce overhead and create efficiencies through scale. These initiatives present significant risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing these initiatives, asset impairments and management distraction. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of these initiatives, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks Related to the Industries we Serve 
 We are substantially dependent on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. 
 Our ability to grow and to win new business depends upon the ability and propensity of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to purchase the purpose-bred animal research models and products we sell and to outsource the services we provide. Research and development spending fluctuates due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities and institutional budgetary policies, among other reasons. Accordingly, economic factors and industry trends that affect our clients in these industries also affect our business. We believe that biotech funding allocations and spending priorities negatively impacted our fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024 to some extent, and could continue. Further, decreases in outsourcing practices by our clients may result in reductions in our revenue, particularly in our DSA segment, and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 If the Company s revenue and related operating margins do not increase, it would have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, and could result in non-compliance with the financial covenants under the Company s Credit Agreement, as discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Research and Development 
 Our future success may depend on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes that could make our services and products less competitive or obsolete. 
 The biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries generally, and contract research services more specifically, are subject to increasingly rapid technological changes. Our competitors or others might develop technologies, services or products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our current or future technologies, services or products, or that render our technologies, services or products less competitive or obsolete. If competitors introduce superior technologies, services or products and we cannot make enhancements to our counterparts to remain competitive, our competitive position, and in turn our business, revenues and financial condition, would be materially and adversely affected. Many of our competitors have superior financial and human resources deployed toward research and development efforts. Our relatively constrained financial and human resources may limit our ability to effectively keep pace with relevant technological changes. 
 Actions of animal rights activists may affect our business. 
 Products and services of the type we provide are required for the registration of pharmaceutical products under regulatory auspices in the United States, Europe and other countries. Many CROs, animal breeders, biopharmaceutical companies and other research organizations have been targeted by animal rights activists that oppose all testing on animals, for whatever purpose, including the animal testing activities in support of safety and efficacy testing for drug development. These groups, which include groups directed at the industry and us, have publicly stated that the goal of their campaign is to stop animal testing. Acts of vandalism and other acts by animal rights activists who object to the use of animals in product development could have a material adverse effect on our business. These groups have historically targeted CROs, animal breeders, academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies, but also third parties that do business with those organizations, including clients, suppliers, advisors, financial advisors, lenders and investors. 
 
 Risks Related to Technology and Cybersecurity 
 We are at risk of cyber-attacks or other security breaches that could compromise sensitive business information, undermine our ability to operate effectively and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 Cyber-attacks or security breaches could compromise confidential information of ours, our employees and our clients, cause a disruption in our operations, harm our reputation and expose us to liability, which in turn could negatively impact our business and the value of our common shares. As a routine element of our business, we collect, analyze, and retain substantial amounts of data pertaining to the clinical and non-clinical studies we conduct for our clients. We also maintain other sensitive client information, information regarding intellectual property related to certain of our products and other business-critical information, including personally identifiable information of our employees. Our employees, some of whom have access to such information, have and will likely continue to receive phishing e-mails intended to trick recipients into surrendering their usernames and passwords and/or inadvertently installing malicious software onto their computers or networks they are connected to. We cannot completely protect against the possibility that sensitive information may be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, via phishing attempts or other circumstances. 
 We utilize cybersecurity technologies, processes and practices which are designed to protect our networks, computers, programs and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access, but they may not be effective or work as designed. Our contracts with our clients typically contain provisions that require us to keep confidential the information generated from our studies. A cyber-attack could result in a breach of those provisions or other negative outcomes, including legal claims or proceedings, investigations, potential liabilities under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, delays and other impediments to our clients discovery and development efforts, ransomware demands and related delays, damage to our reputation and a negative impact on our financial results and the value of our common shares. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Hardware or software failures, delays in the operations of our computer and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements could harm our business. 
 We operate large and complex computer systems that contain significant amounts of client data. Our success depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. A failure of our network or data gathering procedures could impede the processing of data, delivery of databases and services, client orders, product shipments and day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption or loss of data. While we have disaster recovery plans in place for our operations, they might not adequately protect us. Damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our clients. In addition, any failure by our computer environment to provide our required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. In the event of a delay in the delivery of data, we could be required to transfer our data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or on a timely basis, and could result in delays in our ability to deliver our products and services to our clients. Additionally, significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, improvements and inadequate performance of the systems once they are completed could harm our business. Finally, long-term disruptions in our computer and communications infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. Our property and business interruption insurance coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. 
 
 Risks Related to Health Emergencies 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, cash flows and stock price have and may in the future be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies. 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, cash flows and stock price have and may in the future be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies. Such health emergencies can result in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, shelter in place and stay at home orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures. 
 The outbreak of public health emergencies and preventive or protective actions taken by governmental authorities have had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our and our clients and suppliers respective operations, including with respect to the potential for business shutdowns or disruptions. The extent to which these health emergencies may continue to adversely impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, depending upon the severity and duration of the emergency and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain or mitigate its effects. Future financial impact cannot be estimated reasonably at this time, but may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets, and cash flows. Even after public health emergencies have subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business due to any resulting economic recession or depression and demand for our products and services. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of public health emergencies have caused extreme volatility in financial and other capital markets which has and may in the future adversely impact our stock price and our ability to access capital markets including to refinance existing obligations. To the extent public health emergencies adversely affect our business and financial results, they may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described herein or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. 
 
 Risks Related to Share Ownership 
 Our share price could continue to be volatile and our trading volume may fluctuate substantially. 
 The market price of our common shares has historically been and might continue to be volatile. Many factors may have a significant impact on the future price of our common shares, including: 
 the fact that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 our failure to successfully implement our business objectives; 
 our businesses, operations, results and prospects; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 changes in revenue or earnings estimates, or changes in recommendations by equity research analysts; 
 compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements; 
 market acceptance of our products; 
 technological innovations, new commercial products or drug discovery efforts and preclinical and clinical activities by us or our competitors; 
 changes in government regulations, taxes, legal proceedings and other developments; 
 inspections, investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities against us or our principal suppliers; 
 negative information related to, or adverse regulatory or other actions against us or our principal suppliers; 
 general economic conditions, including changes in interest rates, and other external factors; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results and those of our competitors; 
 announcements concerning us or our competitors; 
 market conditions in contract research services or research model industries; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 future mergers and strategic alliances; 
 investor sentiment toward the stock of animal breeding companies; 
 maintenance of acceptable credit ratings or credit quality; 
 ability to fund future growth; 
 the degree of trading liquidity in our common shares; and 
 our ability to meet the minimum standards required for remaining listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 Factors which may impact the price of our common shares include influences beyond our control, such as market conditions and changes in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries we serve. The stock market, and in particular the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology company stocks, has experienced periods of significant price and volume fluctuations, including as a result of recent elevated interest rates and inflation. Volatility and valuation decline have affected the market prices of securities issued by many companies, often for reasons unrelated to their operating performance, and also have adversely affected the price of our common shares. 
 Following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation and derivative securities litigation have often been instituted against that company, as has been the case with us. Such occurrences of litigation could result in very substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The resale of certain common shares underlying warrants issued with the Second Lien Notes and covered by a resale registration statement could adversely affect the market price of our common shares, which result could in turn negatively affect our ability to raise additional equity capital. 
 
 Pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement which we entered with the purchasers of, and the structuring agent for, our Second Lien Notes and warrants, we filed a registration statement registering the resale of 4,146,250 of our common shares held by the shareholders who are parties to the Registration Rights Agreement. The resale registration statement permits the resale of these shares at any time after the exercise of the warrants and without restriction. The sale, or availability for sale, of our common shares in the public market may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares and may impair our ability to raise additional equity capital. The resale of a substantial number of our common shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price for our common shares and make it more difficult for you to sell our common shares at times and prices that you feel are appropriate. Furthermore, because there are a large number of shares registered pursuant to the resale registration statement, the selling shareholders named in such registration statement may continue to offer shares covered by the resale registration statement for a significant period of time, the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from an offering pursuant to the resale registration statement may continue for an extended period of time and continued negative pressure on the market price of our common shares could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional equity capital. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and under Indiana law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of us would benefit our shareholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by shareholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Third Amended and Restated Bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price of our common shares, harm the market price of our common shares, and diminish the voting and other rights of the holders of our common shares. These provisions include: 
 dividing our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; 
 authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional common shares without shareholder approval; 
 requiring one or more written demands signed and dated by holders of at least 25 of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at a special meeting for shareholders to call a special meeting; 
 prohibiting our shareholders from amending our Bylaws; and 
 requiring advance notice for nominating directors at shareholders meetings. 
 Our board of directors also has the ability to adopt a shareholder rights agreement, sometimes called a poison pill, providing for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock to holders of common shares. In the event of a takeover attempt, this preferred stock would give rights to holders of common shares (other than the potential acquirer) to buy additional common shares at a discount, leading to the dilution of the potential acquirer s stake. The board s ability to adopt a poison pill may discourage potential takeover offers, particularly by suitors the board may view as unfavorable transaction partners. 
 As an Indiana corporation, we are governed by the Indiana Business Corporation Law (as amended from time to time, the IBCL ). Under specified circumstances, certain provisions of the IBCL related to control share acquisitions, business combinations, and constituent interests may delay, prevent, or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish Company transactions that shareholders might deem to be in their best interest. 
 If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market or another reputable stock exchange, it may be more difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities. 
 Nasdaq requires listed issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any reason, Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on its exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another reputable national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could materially adversely affect our shareholders: 
 the liquidity of our common shares; 
 the market price of our common shares; 
 our ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 
 the number of institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our common shares; 
 the number of market makers in our common shares; 
 the availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common shares; and 
 the number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in our common shares. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 The loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss of the services of such personnel could adversely affect our business. Also, because of the nature of our 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 business, our success depends upon our ability to attract, train, manage and retain qualified personnel. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel, and an inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively in our industry. 
 We rely on third parties for important services. 
 We have historically depended on third parties to provide us with services critical to our business. The failure of third parties to adequately provide needed services or our determination to forgo non-critical services, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Unfavorable general economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business. 
 While it is difficult for us to predict the impact of general economic conditions on our business, these conditions could reduce client demand for some of our products or services, which could cause our revenue to decline. Also, our clients, particularly smaller biotechnology companies which are especially reliant on the credit and capital markets, may not be able to obtain adequate access to credit or equity funding, which could affect their ability to timely pay us. Moreover, we rely on credit facilities to provide working capital to support our operations and regularly evaluate alternative financing sources. Changes in the commercial credit market or in the financial stability of our creditors may impact the ability of our creditors to provide additional financing. In addition, the financial condition of our credit facility providers, which is beyond our control, may adversely change. Any decrease in our access to borrowings under our credit facility or successor facilities (if any), tightening of lending standards and other changes to our sources of liquidity could adversely impact our ability to obtain the financing we need to continue operating our business in the current manner. For these reasons, among others, if economic conditions stagnate or decline, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Global economic uncertainty has produced, and continues to produce, substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets. Various factors contribute to the uncertain economic environment, including geopolitical tensions, military conflicts, the level and volatility of interest rates, the level of inflation, an actual recession or fears of a recession, trade policies and tariffs, and political and governmental instability. 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are no unresolved comments to be reported in response to Item 1B. 
 
 ITEM 1C - CYBERSECURITY 
 We deploy a multifaceted security strategy that includes multi-factor authentication (MFA), advanced malware defenses, and comprehensive endpoint protection supported by Extended Detection and Response (XDR) technology. 

39 

Table of Contents 

These presentations cover critical security issues and significant emerging threats. 
 
 The Audit Committee reviews and assesses our approach to risk management, including risk associated with cybersecurity, against industry standards and regulatory obligations. We believe this governance structure is integral to maintaining high-level visibility and accountability across all levels of leadership. By providing the Board of Directors with regular and detailed updates on cybersecurity initiatives and significant developments in the threat landscape, we foster transparency and maintain cybersecurity as a central priority within the organization. 
 
 The Board of Directors involvement in cybersecurity governance underscores our commitment to safeguarding our operations and stakeholders from digital risks. With dedicated oversight from both executive leadership and the Board of Directors, we integrate cybersecurity into our risk management and governance frameworks. 
 
 However, we are subject to ongoing risks from cybersecurity threats that could materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, as further described in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Technology and Cybersecurity . 
 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 We have 22 operational sites and one administrative building, which are comprised of approximately 52 different owned or leased facilities across four countries. The facilities are in the U.K. and Europe (approximately 13 and in the U.S. (approximately 87 ). Our corporate headquarters is in West Lafayette, Indiana. We have one manufacturing location in Wisconsin and we maintain sales and administrative offices in the U.S. and in the U.K. 
 We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current operations and that suitable additional space will be available if and when needed, including to the extent necessary to expand operations. 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement and Second Lien Notes, all owned properties are provided as collateral. 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information pertaining to legal proceedings can be found in Note 16 - Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference . 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common shares are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NOTV . Prior to March 22, 2021, our common shares traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BASi . 
 Shareholders 
 As of November 15, 2024, there were 412 shareholders of record of our common shares. The number of shareholders of record is based upon the actual number of holders registered on the books of the Company at such date and does not include holders of shares in street name or persons, partnerships, associations, corporations or other entities identified in security position listings maintained by depositories. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common shares. We currently intend to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and, therefore, do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends in our debt arrangements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this Item concerning equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this Report. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 6 RESERVED 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to the historical information contained herein, the discussions in this Report may contain forward-looking statements which may be affected by risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements, as discussed in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Report. 
 References to fiscal years, years or portions of years in this Item refer to our fiscal year ended September 30, unless otherwise indicated. 
 All amounts in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are presented in thousands, unless otherwise specified. 
 
 Business Overview 
 Inotiv is a leading contract research organization CRO dedicated to providing nonclinical and analytical drug discovery and development services primarily to the pharmaceutical and medical device industries and selling a range of research-quality animals and diets to the same industries as well as academia and government clients. Our products and services focus on bringing new drugs and medical devices through the discovery and preclinical phases of development, all while focusing on increasing efficiency, improving data, and reducing the cost of discovering and taking new drugs and medical devices to market. Inotiv is committed to supporting discovery and development objectives as well as helping researchers realize the full potential of their critical research and development projects, all while working together to build a healthier and safer world. We are dedicated to practicing high standards of laboratory animal care and welfare. 
 We have 22 operational sites and one administrative building, which are comprised of approximately 52 different owned or leased facilities across four countries. The facilities are in the U.K. and Europe (approximately 13 and in the U.S. (approximately 87 ). Our corporate headquarters is in West Lafayette, Indiana. We have one manufacturing location in Wisconsin and we maintain sales and administrative offices in the U.S. and in the U.K. 
 
 We have two reportable segments: Discovery and Safety Assessment DSA and Research Models and Services RMS ). 
 Through our DSA segment, we support the discovery, nonclinical development and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for primarily small molecule drug candidates, as well as biotherapeutics and biomedical devices. Our scientists have skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, histology, pathology, physiology, surgery, analytical chemistry, drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current and potential clients. Our principal clients are companies whose scientists are engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical trials, drug metabolism studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research, from small start-up biotechnology companies to some of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. 
 
 Through our RMS segment, we offer access to a wide range of small and large purpose-bred animal research models for basic research and drug discovery and development, as well as specialized models for specific diseases and therapeutic areas, in addition to diet and bedding. We provide deep animal husbandry expertise and expanded access to scientists across the discovery and preclinical continuum, which can reduce nonclinical lead times and provide enhanced project delivery. In conjunction with our DSA business, we have the ability to run selected nonclinical studies directly on-site at closely located research model facilities and provide access to innovative genetically engineered models and services solutions. Our principal clients include biopharmaceutical companies, CROs, and academic and government organizations. 
 
 Our business development efforts focus on both expanding existing client relationships and acquiring new clients. Historically, our RMS segment has stable, long-term relationships with a majority of our clients due to their overarching preference for consistency in the products they use to conduct their studies. However, we are continuing our efforts to cross-sell and expand our client base. Our DSA segment, due to its broad menu of services and flexibility in study design, is well positioned to serve the emerging biopharmaceutical segment during the discovery and development phases. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 DSA 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, our focus for our business within the DSA segment revolved around maximizing the integration of service offerings from previous acquisitions and continuing to build out additional service capabilities and capacity. As we completed fitting out laboratory space, validating new equipment and establishing our processes, we added to the overall depth and breadth of our services portfolio, and expanded our client service capabilities, which are designed to enhance both overall quality and operating margins by reducing our reliance on third-party outsourcing. These included our Boulder, Colorado, facility expansion, which was completed in December 2022, the opening of our Kalamazoo, Michigan, pathology site in January 2023, and the buildout of our Rockville, Maryland, site, which is now operational with GLP biotherapeutics analytical and genetic toxicology capabilities. Furthermore, the expansion activities at Fort Collins, Colorado, were completed by the end of October 2023 and the expanded site is completing the validation of the facility and equipment and plans to be operational early in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Additionally, we announced the expansion of our safety pharmacology offering with the validation and verification of a cardiopulmonary telemetry study model in cynomolgus macaques. Offered through our DSA business, telemetry allows for the continuous observation of ECG, respiratory rate and volume, blood pressure and other cardiovascular parameters during preclinical safety studies. Additional new service offerings that we began building internally include: mechanistic pharmacology and toxicology, safety pharmacology; juvenile toxicology; SEND (Standard for the Exchange of Nonclinical Data) data reporting; clinical pathology; biotherapeutics; histopathology for devices; genetic toxicology; and cardiovascular safety pharmacology. 
 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, our focus for the DSA segment revolved around continuing to maximize the integration of service offerings from previous acquisitions, growing our business at our Rockville facility and continuing to build and validate additional service capabilities and capacity. As we completed fitting out laboratory space, validating new equipment and establishing our processes over the last year, we added to the overall depth and breadth of our services portfolio, and expanded our client service capabilities, which are designed to enhance both overall quality and operating margins by reducing our reliance on third-party outsourcing. 

RMS 
 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, our focus for our business within the RMS segment included navigating the global non-human primate ("NHP") market and executing on our site optimization plans. 
 
 Since we became aware that the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of Florida USAO-SDFL had criminally charged employees of our principal supplier of NHPs, along with two Cambodian government officials, with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the U.S. from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with seven specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021, we have focused on working with our suppliers and developing a long-term solution to establish procedures we can be comfortable assuring ourselves and our customers we only provide purpose-bred NHPs from Cambodia. We have scientists inside and outside our organization working towards establishing new testing procedures for importing purpose-bred Cambodian NHPs and meeting the needs of drug discovery and development in the US. In the meantime, we continued to import from countries outside of Cambodia to satisfy demand at our DSA business segment and to our RMS clients. During fiscal 2023, the volume of NHPs we sold to our RMS clients was significantly lower than in fiscal 2022. While the lower volume was partially offset by an increase in the average selling price of NHPs, the average selling price of NHPs in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 was the lowest quarterly increase compared to each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2023. 
 
 During the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we announced additional site consolidation plans in the U.S. and our intent to consult with employee representatives for a proposed consolidation of certain European and U.K. sites. Our site optimization plans are intended to allow us to reduce overhead and create efficiencies through scale. During fiscal 2023, we completed all planned fiscal year 2023 consolidations and closures and sold our Israeli businesses. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we made the decision to close our Spain facility. The exit of the Spain facility was complete as of September 30, 2023 and we sold the Spain facility in November 2023. 
 
 During the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, our focus for our business within the RMS segment included the continued navigation of the global NHP market and executing on our continued site optimization plans and new strategies to improve the efficiency and cost effectiveness of the production and transportation of our products. During fiscal 2024, the volume of NHPs we sold to our RMS clients was significantly lower than in fiscal 2023. Further, both the cost of obtaining and the sale price of NHPs decreased. However, we still have some higher cost NHPs in inventory to sell, which typically result in reduced margins. We closed on the sale of our Blackthorn, U.K., Dublin, Virginia, Haslett, Michigan and Cumberland, Virginia facilities during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024. During the fourth quarter fiscal 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 2024, the consolidation of the operations at our Blackthorn, U.K., facility with the operations in Hillcrest, U.K. was completed, and we exited the leased facility. We have completed all planned and announced site optimizations as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Refer to Note 11 Restructuring and Assets Held for Sale in our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 for more information related to the site optimizations. 
 In December 2023, the Company announced that it would be partnering with Vanguard Supply Chain Solutions LLC, the Company s then-current provider of transportation services, to enable the in-house integration of Inotiv s North American transportation operations. The Company completed this in-house integration in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. During fiscal 2024, the Company worked on route optimization projects, which were designed for further efficiencies and cost reductions and is continuing to work on route optimization projects into fiscal 2025. 

Operational Update 
 
 The most significant challenge we faced financially during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 has been the volatility of sales volumes and margins in our RMS segment, and more specifically, for our NHPs. The preclinical research industry has faced challenges and volatility resulting from the U.S. Attorney s Office criminally charging a Cambodian government official on alleged charges of conspiracy to illegally import NHPs into the U.S., and the subsequent decline in imports of Cambodian NHPs to the U.S. beginning in late 2022, which the Company has previously disclosed. NHP imports into the U.S. for drug discovery significantly declined from 2022 to 2023. The decrease in overall NHP supply drove an increase in NHP pricing in fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2024, both the cost of obtaining and the sale price of our NHPs decreased, which typically result in reduced margins. However, we still have some higher cost NHPs in inventory to sell. Further, we believe that during fiscal 2024 some NHP customers were and may still be working towards reducing some owned inventory and aligning their NHP purchases more closely with their immediate needs rather than purchasing historical levels of NHPs. We also believe the decreased U.S. NHP supply caused some studies to be shifted outside of the U.S. The continued limited supply of NHPs able to be imported into the U.S. has added to the strain of managing the timing of procuring NHPs and delivering NHPs to clients within their required timelines. During fiscal 2024, the sale price of our NHPs decreased in addition to the cost of acquiring them. RMS revenue decreased 76,712 from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024, which was primarily driven by a 60,399 decrease in revenue related to NHPs and a decrease in revenue related to the Company s Israeli businesses (which the Company sold in August of 2023). For fiscal 2024, the reduction in NHP product and service revenues adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Although Cambodia has remained closed as a source through fiscal 2024, we have identified and extensively audited multiple additional sources of purpose-bred animals that can be made available for life-saving medical research. While the available supply does not account for the total volume that was previously imported from Cambodia, the additional sources have allowed us to diversify our sourcing of NHPs outside of Cambodia and to satisfy demand at our DSA business segment and to our RMS clients. Further, we believe that we have identified the appropriate supply of NHPs to meet forecasted demand for fiscal 2025. In addition, we have developed, and sourced, novel genetic testing techniques to further bolster our auditing capabilities to determine whether the animals we import are purpose-bred, and we are assessing the ability to introduce these techniques into our supply chain. 
 
 Although biotechnology funding in the market increased in the first nine months of calendar 2024, we believe that the reduced biotechnology funding in the market during 2022 and 2023 has continued to influence our clients' spending patterns for early-stage research and development. Additionally, we believe the funding allocation in the market among large biopharmaceutical companies and small to mid-size biotechnology companies, as well as current and expected interest rates, are tempering the speed of the recovery of the discovery services market. 
 
 Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement 
 On June 3, 2024, the Company announced that it had reached agreement with the DOJ to resolve a previously-announced criminal investigation into its shuttered canine breeding facility located in Cumberland, Virginia, which was operated originally by Envigo RMS, which the Company acquired in November 2021. In connection with such resolution, the Company and its related entities entered into a Resolution Agreement (the Resolution Agreement with the DOJ and the United States Attorney s Office for the Western District of Virginia USAO-WDV ), and Envigo RMS and Envigo Global Services, Inc. EGSI and together with Envigo RMS, Envigo entered into a Plea Agreement (the Plea Agreement with the DOJ and the USAO-WDV. On June 3, 2024, before the United States District Court for the Western 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 District of Virginia, Envigo RMS pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor count of conspiracy to violate the Animal Welfare Act and EGSI pleaded guilty to one felony count of conspiracy to violate the Clean Water Act. 
 Pursuant to the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement, the Company and Envigo, among other matters, have agreed to: (i) make payments totaling in fines, with payable on each of June 3, 2025, 2026 and 2027, and (plus accrued interest beginning on the sentencing date) payable on June 3, 2028; (ii) on June 3, 2024, pay , split between the Virginia Animal Fighting Taskforce and the Humane Society of the United States in recognition of assistance provided to the U.S. Government s investigation; (iii) on June 3, 2024, pay to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation to fund environmental projects, studies, and initiatives in Cumberland County, Virginia; (iv) expend at least by June 3, 2025, by June 3, 2026, and by June 3, 2027) for improvements to its facilities and personnel related to the welfare of animals; (v) provide a lien to the United States against sufficient Company assets to secure the deferred payments in connection with the fine, which lien will be junior to only the lien provided by the Company to lenders under its credit facility as of April 1, 2024 and additional liens to secure up to of additional debt; (vi) meet specified standards with respect to the health, safety and well-being of animals under the Company s care; (vii) develop, adopt, implement, fund and comply with a comprehensive nationwide compliance plan related to applicable laws; and (viii) the appointment of a Compliance Monitor to review the Company s care of animals and compliance with certain laws, and to pay all associated costs, which Compliance Monitor shall serve for a term that expires five years after the completion of the selection process for the Compliance Monitor, unless Envigo is released from probation prior to completion of the five-year term, in which case the monitorship term shall expire three years after the completion of the selection process, or two months after the completion of probation, whichever is later. In addition, the pleas result in Envigo RMS and EGSI being subject to probation for up to five years, with the potential to end the term early at a minimum of three years if the Company complies with the elements of the resolution. 
 For the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has expensed related to the Resolution and Plea Agreements, which is presented within other operating expense in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. In line with the Resolution and Plea Agreements, the Company paid during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and expects to pay an additional over multiple years. Accordingly, the Company has included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and within Changes in operating assets and liabilities accrued expenses and other current liabilities in its Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and the Company has included in other long-term liabilities on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and Changes in operating assets and liabilities other assets and liabilities in its Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024. The total charge is reflected in the operating loss of the RMS segment. The charge of is non-deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Further, there were multiple amendments to the Company's Credit Agreement which, among other changes, permit charges or expenses attributable to or related to the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement to be added back to the Company s Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. The Company expects to have additional cash outlays in connection with certain costs related to the Resolution Agreement, which would be paid over the next three to . The additional cash outlays could include ongoing monitoring and compliance costs, legal expenses and other payments required to comply with the Resolution Agreement, subject to final approvals, and at this time, the Company expects that such costs would be expensed as incurred. 
 
 Consolidated Overview 
 Revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, decreased to 490,739 from 572,425 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, due to a 76,712, or 19.8 , decrease in RMS revenue primarily driven by lower NHP product and service revenue and a 4,974, or 2.7 , decrease in DSA revenue primarily driven by a decrease in discovery services revenue. 
 Operating loss for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, increased to 86,406 from 81,460 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase in operating loss was driven by an increase in RMS operating loss of 7,025 and a decrease in DSA operating income of 6,547, partially offset by a decrease in unallocated corporate expenses of 8,626. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, operating expenses (which include selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses) included the 28,500 charge associated with the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement entered into on June 3, 2024. Additionally, operating loss for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 included a goodwill impairment charge of 66,367 related to our RMS segment. 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 increased to 108,445 from 105,140 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 due primarily to the increased operating loss described above. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was 6,805 compared to 27,883 of net cash provided by operations in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 . Refer to "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below for an analysis of changes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 21,432 in cash and cash equivalents. Total debt, net of debt issuance costs, as of September 30, 2024 was 393,339. 

Operational and Capital Resources Highlights during Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Net book-to-bill ratio for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.99x for the DSA services business. 
 DSA backlog was 129,916 as of September 30, 2024, down from 132,100 at September 30, 2023. 
 The Company completed its previously announced site optimization initiatives as of September 30, 2024. 
 On June 3, 2024, the Company announced that it had reached agreement with the DOJ to resolve a previously-announced criminal investigation into its shuttered canine breeding facility located in Cumberland, Virginia, which was operated originally by Envigo RMS, LLC, an entity acquired by the Company in November 2021. 
 On July 23, 2024, USAO-SDFL informed the Company that it was no longer investigating the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to their procurement of NHPs from foreign suppliers or NHP importation practices. 
 On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies LLC (the Sale Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell up to 50,000 of the Company s common shares (the "ATM Shares") from time to time in at-the-market offerings, through Jefferies LLC Jefferies ), acting as sales agent. Sales pursuant to the Sale Agreement will be made only upon instructions by the Company to Jefferies, and the Company cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. The Company has not yet sold any ATM Shares as of September 30, 2024. 
 On September 13, 2024, the Company, certain of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Seventh Amendment (the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Seventh Amendment, among other changes, permitted the incurrence of the issuance of the Second Lien Notes in an aggregate amount of 22,550 , made certain changes to the component definitions of the financial covenants, including the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, and increased the cash netting capability in the Secured Leverage Ratio covenant. The Seventh Amendment includes the addition of a maximum capital expenditure limit and a minimum EBITDA test effective September 13, 2024 , waived the existing financial covenants from the date of the Seventh Amendment until June 30, 2025, and established new financial covenant tests for the fiscal quarters starting June 30, 2025 and thereafter. 
 On September 13, 2024 , certain investors (the Purchasers acquired 22,000 principal amount of the Company's 15.00 Senior Secured Second Lien PIK Notes due 2027 and warrants to purchase 3,946,250 of the Company s common shares for consideration comprised of (i) 17,000 in cash and (ii) the cancellation of approximately 8,333 of the 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes . In connection with this transaction, the Company issued to the structuring agent 550 principal amount of 15.00 Senior Secured Second Lien PIK Notes due 2027 and warrants to purchase 200,000 of the Company's common shares as compensation for its services as structuring agent. The 22,000 in aggregate principal amount of 15.00 Senior Secured Second Lien PIK Notes due 2027 and the 550 aggregate principal amount of 15.00 Senior Secured Second Lien PIK Notes due 2027 issued to the structuring agent are referred to herein as the Second Lien Notes . 
 
 Planned Site Optimization and Other Initiatives 
 In fiscal 2025, the Company intends to initiate the next phase of our site optimization program to further improve and consolidate additional RMS facilities in the U.S. This next phase is another important program, which the Company projects will eliminate approximately 4,000 to 5,000 in operating expenses and further improve RMS margins when completed. Most of these financial benefits are not expected until fiscal 2026. The Company expects to incur additional immaterial capital expenditures, which are included in our capital plan, and immaterial expenses in connection with the next phase of our site optimization program. The Company also believes it can achieve another 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 500 to 1,000 in cost reductions from the continued integration of its North American transportation and distribution system. 
 
 Results of Operations by Segment 
 Below we have provided discussion and analysis of our financial results by reportable segments: 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 DSA 
 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue 180,116 185,090 (4,974) (2.7) Cost of revenue 1 
 127,216 114,836 12,380 10.8 Operating expenses 2 
 26,336 38,637 (12,301) (31.8) Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets 17,865 16,371 1,494 9.1 Operating income 3 
 8,699 15,246 (6,547) (42.9) Operating income of total revenue 1.8 2.7 Operating income of segment revenue 4.8 8.2 1 Cost of revenue excludes depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, which is separately stated 
 2 Operating expenses includes selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses and excludes depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, which is separately stated 
 3 Table may not foot due to rounding 
 
 For the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, DSA revenue was 180,116 compared to 185,090 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 4,974, or 2.7 . The decrease in DSA revenue was primarily driven by a 5,034 decrease in discovery services revenue as a result of the decline in overall biotech activity in the market. Safety assessment revenues were relatively consistent year-over-year, which included a decrease in general toxicology services of 6,399 due to a change in the mix of studies, mostly offset by increases in genetic toxicology and biotherapeutic analysis revenue in connection with new business at our Rockville facility of 6,047. 
 In the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, we continued to experience study cancellations and negative change orders in our DSA segment due primarily to certain compounds not yet being available for testing, delayed studies as a result of our clients' re-prioritization of research and development spend and lack of funding. However, overall study cancellations and negative change orders were down compared to the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, and our flexibility and expanded service offerings enabled us to replace most of the cancelled or postponed studies with studies from other clients. When contracts are terminated, we are generally able to recover, at a minimum, our invested costs. 
 
 DSA operating income decreased by 6,547, or 42.9 , primarily due to the decrease in revenue noted above of 4,974, an increase of 12,380 in cost of revenue and an increase of 1,494 in depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by a decrease of 12,301 in operating expenses. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to an increase of 6,508 related to additional commercial activity at our Rockville facility and increases in compensation and benefits expense, supplies expense, repairs and maintenance expense and non-income tax expense. The decrease in operating expenses primarily related to decreases in startup costs, compensation and benefits expense, repairs and maintenance expense,professional fees, bad debt expense and information technology expenses. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 RMS 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue 310,623 387,335 (76,712) (19.8) Cost of revenue 1 
 252,352 275,647 (23,295) (8.5) Operating expenses 2 
 51,586 31,937 19,649 61.5 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets 38,614 38,288 326 0.9 Goodwill impairment loss 3 
 66,367 (66,367) (100.0) Operating loss 4 
 (31,929) (24,904) (7,025) 28.2 Operating loss of total revenue (6.5) (4.4) Operating loss of segment revenue (10.3) (6.4) 1 Cost of revenue excludes depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, which is separately stated 
 2 Operating expenses includes selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses and excludes depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, which is separately stated 
 3 Goodwill impairment loss shown on the consolidated statements of operations only impact the RMS Segment 
 4 Table may not foot due to rounding 
 
 For the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, RMS revenue was 310,623 compared to 387,335 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, representing a decrease of 76,712, or 19.8 . The decrease in RMS revenue was due primarily to the negative impact of lower NHP product and service revenues of 60,399. Additionally, there was a decrease of 10,628 in RMS revenue as a result of the sale of our Israeli businesses in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. The remaining decrease in RMS revenue was due primarily to decreases in small animal model sales and RMS services in the U.S., partially offset by an increase in diet, bedding and enrichment product sales and an increase in small animal model sales outside of the U.S. and RMS services outside of the U.S. 
 RMS operating loss was 31,929 in fiscal year 2024 compared to 24,904 in fiscal year 2023, an increase of 7,025 or 28.2 , primarily driven by the decrease in revenue of 76,712 discussed above and an increase in operating expenses of 19,649, partially offset by a 66,367 decrease in non-cash goodwill impairment charges, as well as a decrease in cost of revenue of 23,295. In fiscal year 2023, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 66,367 related to our RMS segment. In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company determined that as a result of the November 16, 2022 event, the uncertainty related to the Company s ability to import NHPs from Cambodia, and the decrease in its stock price, the carrying value of its goodwill as of December 31, 2022, was required to be quantitatively evaluated. As a result of our impairment assessment for the first quarter in fiscal 2023, we determined that the carrying amount of goodwill attributed to our RMS segment was in excess of its fair value, and therefore we recorded a goodwill impairment loss of 66,367 within the RMS segment. 
 
 The decrease of 23,295 in cost of revenue was primarily due to reduced costs associated with lower NHP-related product and service revenue of 8,041 and the impact of the sale of our Israeli businesses of 7,428. The remaining decrease in cost of revenue was due to decreases in transportation costs as a result of the in-house integration of our North American transportation operations, decreases in small animal costs in the U.S. primarily due to the decreased revenues noted above and decreases in costs related to our diet, bedding and enrichment products, primarily as a result of lower commodity and material costs. The 19,649 increase in operating expenses was primarily due to the 28,500 charge related to the Resolution and Plea Agreements, partially offset by a decrease in legal fees of 4,662 and decreases in restructuring and remediation costs and compensation and benefits expense, among other immaterial changes. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Unallocated Corporate 
 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Operating expenses 1 
 62,537 71,744 (9,207) (12.8) Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets 639 58 581 NM 2 
 Operating loss (63,176) (71,802) 8,626 (12.0) Operating loss of total revenue (12.9) (12.5) 1 Operating expenses include general and administrative and other operating expenses 
 2 Percent change calculation is not meaningful 
 
 Unallocated corporate operating loss consists of general and administrative expenses, other operating expenses and depreciation expense that are not directly related or allocated to the reportable segments. The decrease in unallocated corporate operating expenses of 8,626 in the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the twelve months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by decreases in professional fees, acquisition and integration costs, stock compensation expense and compensation and benefits expense, partially offset by an increase in information technology expenses. 
 
 Other Expense 
 Other expense increased by 1,572 for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 3,865 in interest expense as a result of increased interest rates, additional second lien debt and periodic draws on our revolving credit facility, partially offset by net gains on disposition of property and equipment. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective income tax rates for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 were 16.7 and 15.6 , respectively. The benefit recorded for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 was 21,875 and 19,340, respectively. The benefit from income taxes for fiscal year 2024 primarily related to deferred tax benefits on the pre-tax loss, partially offset by unfavorable permanent items related to the Resolution and Plea Agreements, an increase in valuation allowances and other permanent items. The benefit from income taxes for fiscal year 2023 primarily related to deferred tax benefits on the pre-tax loss, partially offset by the impact on tax expense of certain non-deductible permanent book to tax differences related to goodwill impairment, withholding taxes paid in connection with the sale of our Israeli businesses, an increase in valuation allowances and other permanent items. 
 
 Consolidated Net Loss 
 As a result of the above described factors, we had a consolidated net loss of 108,885 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to a consolidated net loss of 104,902 during the twelve months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company had negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has cash and cash equivalents of 21,432 and access to a 15,000 revolver, which had a 0 balance outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The fiscal 2024 results, in large part, were due to the difficulties in managing the constrained global supply and the shift in NHP demand in fiscal 2024, as discussed in the Operational Update above. Absent the Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Amendments to our Credit Agreement, the Company would not have complied with its financial covenants under the Credit Agreement for the March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 testing dates, respectively. If the Company's results of operations in the twelve months following the date of this report do not improve relative to fiscal 2024 results, the Company will be at risk of non-compliance with its financial covenants under its Credit Agreement. 
 If at any time in the twelve months following the date of this report, the Company fails to comply with its financial covenants which remains unremedied for the period of time stipulated under the Credit Agreement, this would constitute an 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 event of default under the Credit Agreement and the lenders may, among other remedies set out under the Credit Agreement, declare all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the borrowings plus accrued and unpaid interest to be immediately due and payable. Furthermore, if the lenders were to accelerate the loans under the Credit Agreement, such acceleration would constitute a default under our indentures governing the Company's Convertible Senior Notes (the "Notes") and the Company's 15.00 Senior Secured Second Lien PIK Notes due 2027 (the "Second Lien Notes") which, if not cured within 30 days following notice of such default from such trustees or holders of 25 percent of the Notes and from the trustee or holders of 30 percent of the Second Lien Notes, would permit the trustee or such holders to accelerate the Notes and the Second Lien Notes. If the loans under the Credit Agreement, the Notes and the Second Lien Notes are accelerated, the Company does not believe its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, would be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and repay the entirety of its outstanding senior term loans, repay the entirety of its outstanding Notes and repay the entirety of its outstanding Second Lien Notes in the next twelve months. Additionally, access to the revolver would be restricted and such funds would not be available to pay for any operating activities. 
 On September 13, 2024, t he Company, certain of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Seventh Amendments to our Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021 (as amended through the date hereof, including by the Seventh Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). The Seventh Amendment, among other changes, permits the incurrence of the issuance of the Second Lien Notes in an aggregate amount of 22,550, makes certain changes to the component definitions of the financial covenants, including the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, and increases the cash netting capability in the Secured Leverage Ratio covenant. The Seventh Amendment includes the addition of a maximum capital expenditure limit and a minimum EBITDA test effective as of the Closing Date for the testing periods of the six months ended December 31, 2024 and the nine months ended March 31, 2025, waives the existing financial covenants from the date of the Seventh Amendment until June 30, 2025, and establishes new testing ratios for the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Secured Leverage Ratio covenants for the fiscal quarters beginning June 30, 2025 and thereafter. The Seventh Amendment also caps the reinvestment of funds from extraordinary receipts and asset sales and casualty events at 5,000 in the aggregate, and establishes a non-voting third party observer to the Company s board of directors meetings, as elected by the lenders. 
 Further, on September 13, 2024 , certain investors (the Purchasers agreed to acquire 22,000 principal amount of Second Lien Notes and warrants to purchase 3,946,250 of the Company s common shares for consideration comprised of (i) 17,000 in cash and (ii) the cancellation of approximately 8,333 of the Notes. In connection with this transaction, the Company issued to the structuring agent 550 principal amount of Second Lien Notes and warrants to purchase 200,000 of the Company's common shares as compensation for its services as structuring agent. 
 Additionally, the Company experienced improvements in revenue and operating results in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024 as compared to the second and third fiscal quarters of 2024. 
 Our evaluation of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles entailed analyzing prospective fully implemented operating budgets and forecasts for expectations of our cash needs and comparing those needs to the current cash and cash equivalent balances in order to satisfy our obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and to comply with minimum liquidity and financial covenant requirements under our debt covenants related to borrowings pursuant to its Credit Agreement for at least the next twelve months. This evaluation initially does not take into consideration the potential mitigating effect of management s plans that have not been fully implemented and are outside of its control as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. When substantial doubt exists under this methodology, we evaluate whether the mitigating effect of our plans sufficiently alleviates substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The mitigating effect of management s plans, however, is only considered if both (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively implemented within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued, and (2) it is probable that the plans, when implemented, will mitigate the relevant conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 Management has developed our fiscal 2025 annual operating plan in which we plan to continue our efforts to optimize our capital allocation and expense base. Additionally, the Company's plan is to continue its efforts to improve its operating results through increases to our NHP-related product and service revenue, including pre-selling fiscal 2025 NHP inventory and increasing purchase orders for long-term colony management service contracts, and increasing our volume of discovery and safety assessment contract awards. The Company also continues to discuss its current business conditions with its lenders. In the event that the Company fails to comply with the requirements of the financial covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement, the Company has approximately 55 days subsequent to any fiscal quarter, and approximately 100 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 days subsequent to fiscal year-end to cure noncompliance (the "grace period"). Further, the Company has and may continue to seek additional financing and evaluate financing alternatives to meet its cash requirements for the next 12 months. There is no assurance that the Company s lenders will agree to any amendment to the Credit Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Company would be able to raise additional capital, whether through selling additional equity or debt securities or obtaining a line of credit or other loan on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. 
 Management's fiscal 2025 annual operating plan forecasts compliance with its recently updated financial covenants pursuant to the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Company believes its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and comply with minimum liquidity and financial covenant requirements under its debt covenants pursuant to its Credit Agreement for at least the next twelve months. See Note 7 - Debt to our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 for further information about the Company s existing credit facilities and requirements under its debt covenants. The Company s liquidity needs and com pliance with covenants depend, among other things, on its ability to source and sell NHPs, its ability to fill its expanded DSA capacity, its ability to generate cash from other operating activities and its ability to manage its forecasted capital expenditures. Although management believes that it will be able to implement its plan, there can be no assurances that its plan will prove successful. As a result, substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern exists. 
 
 Comparative Cash Flow Analysis 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 21,432 compared to 35,492 of cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had no borrowings on our 15,000 revolving credit facility. Information about other debt outstanding as of each date is set forth below under Capital Resources. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 6,805 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 27,883 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Contributing factors to our cash used in operating activities for fiscal 2024 were a consolidated net loss of 108,885, a 23,251 decrease in deferred taxes, and a gain on debt extinguishment of 1,860, partially offset by 57,118 for depreciation and amortization, 52,604 for net changes in operating assets and liabilities, 7,378 of non-cash interest and accretion expense, 6,740 for employee stock compensation expense and 3,745 of amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount. Contributing factors to our cash provided by operations for fiscal 2023 were a consolidated net loss of 104,902, noncash charges of 66,367 for goodwill impairment loss, 54,717 for depreciation and amortization, 7,844 for stock compensation expense, 6,284 of non-cash interest and accretion expense, and 16,956 for changes in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by a 25,810 decrease in deferred taxes. Refer to the Statements of Cash Flows within Item 8 of this Report for further details of net operating cash flows. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 16,832 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash used in investing activities of 28,755 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Our cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily related to capital expenditures of 22,310, partially offset by proceeds from sale of property and equipment of 5,478. The capital expenditures reflect investments in completing our DSA capacity expansions, infrastructure improvements in NHP facilities, renovations in the U.K. in order to complete the expansion of Hillcrest for new customer contracts and the consolidation of Blackthorn, enhancements in laboratory technology, and improvements for animal welfare. The proceeds from sales of property and equipment predominantly relate to the sales of our facilities in Blackthorn, U.K., Gannat, France, Spain and Cumberland, Virginia. 
 Our cash used in investing activities of 28,755 during fiscal 2023 was primarily related to capital expenditures of 27,503. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2023 for the DSA segment primarily related to infrastructure, equipment and facility upgrades to provide expanded capacity for our Boulder and Fort Collins facilities and the buildout of our new Rockville facility to support biotherapeutics and genetic toxicology growth. Further, we made significant investments in upgrading facilities and equipment across the facilities that serve the RMS segment in order to implement site optimizations and enhance animal welfare. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 9,675 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 15,872 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Contributing factors to financing activities for fiscal 2024 primarily included issuance of Second Lien Notes of 17,000 and borrowings on the revolving loan facility of 12,000, partially offset by payments on the revolving credit facility of 12,000, payments on senior term notes and delayed draw 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 term loans of 3,454 and other financing activities of 3,871. Contributing factors to financing activities for fiscal 2023 primarily included 35,000 of borrowings on delayed draw term loans and 6,000 of borrowings on the revolving loan facility, partially offset by 21,000 of payments on the revolving credit facility, 2,070 of payments on senior term notes and delayed draw term loans and 2,058 of other financing activities. 
 
 Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 Long term debt as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 is detailed in the table below. 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Seller Note Bolder BioPath (Related party) 376 602 Seller Note Preclinical Research Services 464 541 Seller Payable - Orient BioResource Center 3,700 3,649 Seller Note Histion (Related party) 84 229 Seller Note Protypia (Related party) 400 Economic Injury Disaster Loan 140 Second Lien Notes 17,846 Convertible Senior Notes 109,979 110,651 Term Loan Facility, DDTL and Incremental Term Loans 272,840 272,930 Total debt before unamortized debt issuance costs 405,289 389,142 Less: Debt issuance costs not amortized (11,950) (11,397) Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 393,339 377,745 Less: Current portion (3,538) (7,950) Total Long-term debt 389,801 369,795 
 Refer to Note 7 Debt to our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 for the combined aggregate amount of maturities over the next five years. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had no outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility. Refer to the statements of cash flows for information related to borrowings and payments on the revolving credit facility during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Significant Transactions 
 On October 12, 2022, the Company drew its 35,000 delayed draw term loan (the Additional DDTL allowed under the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement First Amendment ). A portion of the proceeds was used to repay the 15,000 balance on the Company s revolving credit facility, while the remaining amount was drawn to fund a portion of the Company s capital expenditures in fiscal year 2022 and those planned for fiscal year 2023. 
 On December 29, 2022 and January 9, 2023, the Company, the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (the Agent ), entered into the Second and Third Amendments, respectively, to the Credit Agreement. Refer below for further information related to those amendments. 
 On May 14, 2024 and June 2, 2024, the Company, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent, entered into the Fourth and Fifth Amendments, respectively, to the Credit Agreement. Refer below for further information related to those amendments. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 On August 7, 2024 and September 13, 2024, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Sixth and Seventh Amendments, respectively, to the Credit Agreement. The Sixth and Seventh Amendments waived the financial covenant tests under the Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 through the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025 . Additionally, the Seventh Amendment permitted the issuance of the Second Lien Notes. Refer below for further information related to these amendments. 
 On September 13, 2024, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into the Seventh Amendment and the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), with certain investors named therein (the Purchasers ). Pursuant to these agreements, the Purchasers acquired 22,000 in aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes due 2027 from the Company and warrants to purchase 3,946,250 shares of the Company s common shares (such warrants, the Warrants and such common shares, the Common Shares for consideration comprised of (i) 17,000 in cash and (ii) the cancellation of 8,333 of the Notes issued pursuant to the Convertible Bond Indenture (as defined below). Additionally, pursuant to the Fee Letter between the Company and the structuring agent, the Company also issued to the structuring agent 550 aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes and additional warrants to purchase 200,000 Common Shares as compensation for its services as structuring agent. 
 In connection with these transactions, 8,333 of the Notes were cancelled by the Company under the terms of the Purchase Agreement on the same date, such that the aggregate principal amount of Notes that remains outstanding is 131,667, which resulted in a gain on extinguishment of 1,860. The gain on extinguishment of debt is presented in Other income. 
 
 Term Loan Facility, DDTL and Incremental Term Loans 
 Below are the weighted-average effective interest rates for the loans available under the Credit Agreement: 
 Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Effective interest rates: Term Loan 11.39 10.41 Initial DDTL 11.37 10.41 Additional DDTL 11.50 10.57 
 Credit Agreement 
 On November 5, 2021, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent, entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides for a term loan facility (the "Term Loan") in the original principal amount of 165,000, a delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of 35,000 (available to be drawn up to 18 months from the date of the Credit Agreement) (the Initial DDTL and together with the Additional DDTL, the DDTL and a revolving credit facility in the original principal amount of 15,000. On November 5, 2021, the Company borrowed the full amount of the term loan facility, but did not borrow any amounts on the DDTL or the revolving credit facility. 
 The Company could have elected to borrow on each of the loan facilities at either an adjusted LIBOR rate of interest or an adjusted prime rate of interest. Adjusted LIBOR rate loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 6.00 and 6.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The LIBOR rate had to be a minimum of 1.00 . The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest was the LIBOR rate plus 6.25 . Adjusted prime rate loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the prime rate plus a margin of between 5.00 and 5.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio. The initial adjusted prime rate of interest was the prime rate plus 5.25 . 
 The Company must pay (i) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to 0.50 on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility and (ii) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to 1.00 on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the delayed draw loan facility. In each case, such fee shall be paid quarterly in arrears. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Each of the term loan facility and delayed draw term loan facility require annual principal payments in an amount equal to 1.00 of their respective original principal amounts. The Company shall also repay the term loan facility on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. Each of the loan facilities may be repaid at any time. Voluntary prepayments were subject to a 1.00 prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2023 and other breakage penalties, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Voluntary prepayments made after November 5, 2023 are not subject to any prepayment premium. 
 The Company is required to maintain a Secured Leverage Ratio of not more than 4.25 to 1.00 for the Company's fiscal quarters through the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, 3.75 to 1.00 beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2023, and 3.00 to 1.00 beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025. The Company is required to maintain a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which ratio was 1.00 to 1.00 during the first year of the Credit Agreement and is 1.10 to 1.00 from and after the Credit Agreement s first anniversary. 
 Each of the loan facilities is secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Repayment of each of the loan facilities is guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 On January 7, 2022, the Company drew 35,000 on the Initial DDTL. Amounts outstanding under the Initial DDTL accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 6.00 and 6.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest was the LIBOR rate plus 6.25 . 
 The Term Loan and the Initial DDTL will mature on November 5, 2026. 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On January 27, 2022, the Company, Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent entered into the First Amendment to the existing Credit Agreement. The First Amendment provides for, among other things, an increase to the existing term loan facility in the amount of 40,000 (the Incremental Term Loans and the Additional DDTL in the original principal amount of 35,000, which amount is available to be drawn up to 24 months from the date of the First Amendment. The Incremental Term Loans and any amounts borrowed under the Additional DDTL are referred to herein as the Additional Term Loans . On January 27, 2022, the Company borrowed the full amount of the Incremental Term Loans, and on October 12, 2022, the Company borrowed the full 35,000 under the Additional DDTL. 
 Amounts outstanding under the Additional Term Loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between 6.00 and 6.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest was the LIBOR rate plus 6.25 . 
 The Additional Term Loans require annual principal payments in an amount equal to 1.00 of the original principal amount. Voluntary prepayments of the Additional Term Loans were subject to a 1.00 prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2023 and other breakage penalties, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Voluntary prepayments made after November 5, 2023 are not subject to any prepayment premium. 
 The Company shall also repay the term loans on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. 
 The Additional Term Loans are secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Repayment of the Additional Term Loans is guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 The Additional Term Loans will mature on November 5, 2026. 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On December 29, 2022, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent, entered into a Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The Second Amendment provided for, among other things, an extension of the deadline for the Company to provide to the lenders the audited financial statements for the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and an annual budget for 2023; the Company satisfied these requirements by the extended deadline. The Second Amendment added a requirement that the Company provide, within 30 days after the end of each month, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet, statement of income and statement of cash flows as of the end of, and for, such month, as well as a key performance indicator report. The Second Amendment also requires that, within 10 business days after the end of each month, the Company will provide a rolling 13-week cash flow forecast prepared on a monthly basis. The Second Amendment further provides that, upon the request of the Required Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the Company will permit a financial advisor designated by the Required Lenders to meet with management of the Company to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of the Company during the six-month period following the effective date of the Second Amendment. In addition, the Second Amendment requires the Company to deliver an updated organization chart and certain supplemental information regarding the Company s subsidiaries in connection with each quarterly report required pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 
 Under the Second Amendment , the Company could have elected to borrow on each of the loan facilities at either an adjusted term secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR rate of interest or an alternate base rate of interest. Term SOFR loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR rate plus (i) an adjustment percentage equal to between 0.11448 and 0.42826 , depending on the term of the loan Adjusted Term SOFR provided that, Adjusted Term SOFR could never be less than 1.00 , and (ii) a margin of between 6.00 and 6.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Alternate base rate loans could accrue interest at an annual rate equal to (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 0.50 , (b) the Agent s prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor plus 1.00 (the Second Amendment Alternate Base Rate provided that, the Second Amendment Alternate Base Rate could never be less than 2.00 , plus (ii) a margin of between 5.00 and 5.50 , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio. 
 The Second Amendment also provides that the Company may not request any credit extensions under the revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement, if any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement cannot be satisfied, including, without limitation, the making of the representation and warranty that as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Agent, no event, change, circumstance, condition, development or occurrence has had, or would reasonably be expected to result in, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 In addition, the Second Amendment provided that, no later than January 13, 2023 (or such later date as the Required Lenders shall agree in their discretion), the Company shall (i) appoint a financial advisor on terms reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and the Company for a term of at least six months, (ii) provide a 13-week budget to the Agent, and (iii) deliver a perfection certificate supplement updating certain information previously provided with respect to each of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, including information regarding certain collateral and other assets owned by such parties. The Company timely satisfied each of these requirements. 
 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On January 9, 2023, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent, entered into a Third Amendment Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Third Amendment provides that, among other things, during the period beginning on January 9, 2023 and, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, ending on the date on which financial statements for the Company s fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024 are delivered or are required to be delivered, as long as no event of default has occurred (the Amendment Relief Period ): 
 the Cambodian NHP-related matters, to the extent existing and disclosed to the lenders prior to December 29, 2022, shall not constitute a Material Adverse Effect under the Credit Agreement and will not restrict the Company s ability to request credit extensions under the revolving credit facility; 
 the use of borrowings under the revolving credit facility is limited to funding operational expenses of the Company in the ordinary course and cannot be used for the making or funding of investments, permitted acquisitions or restricted payments, payments or purchases with respect to any indebtedness, bonuses or executive compensation, or judgments, fines or settlements; and 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 additional limitations are imposed on the Company under the Credit Agreement, including restrictions on permitted asset sales, a prohibition on making permitted acquisitions, and significant limitations on the ability to incur additional debt, make investments and make restricted payments. 
 The Third Amendment provides that from and after the date thereof, no incremental facilities under the Credit Agreement may be established or incurred. The Third Amendment also provides for additional mandatory prepayments of borrowed amounts following the receipt by the Company of certain cash receipts, including proceeds from certain equity issuances and cash received by the Company not in the ordinary course of business. Under the Third Amendment, after any draw on the revolving credit facility, the Company s cash and cash equivalents held on hand domestically within the U.S. cannot exceed 10,000. 
 Under the Third Amendment, the Company may elect to borrow on each of the loan facilities accruing interest at either an adjusted Term SOFR or an alternate base rate of interest. Term SOFR loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR rate plus (i) an adjustment percentage equal to between 0.11448 and 0.42826 , depending on the term of the loan, provided that, the Adjusted Term SOFR shall never be less than 1.00 per annum, plus (ii) an applicable margin of 6.75 per annum for term loans maintained as SOFR loans or 9.50 per annum for revolving loans maintained as SOFR loans. Alternate base rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 0.50 , (b) the Agent s prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor plus 1.00 (the Alternate Base Rate ), provided that, the Alternate Base Rate is subject to a floor of 2.00 per annum plus (ii) an applicable margin of 5.75 per annum for term loans maintained as Alternate Base Rate loans or 8.50 per annum for revolving loans maintained as Alternate Base Rate loans. 
 The fee consideration payable by the Company for each consenting lender party to the Third Amendment is: (i) 0.50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in-kind and capitalized to the principal amounts of the term loans held by such lender; (ii) 0.50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in cash upon the occurrence of certain prepayments of the term loan under the Credit Agreement; and (iii) 7.00 of the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments held by each consenting revolving lender, to be paid in cash upon the occurrence with certain permanent reductions of the revolving loans under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On May 14, 2024, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Fourth Amendment (the Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Fourth Amendment provided that any charges or expenses attributable to or related to an agreement in principle (subsequently replaced by the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement) could be added back to the Company s Consolidated EBITDA (up to 26,500) for purposes of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. Refer to above for further discussion of the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement. 
 The fee consideration payable by the Company for each consenting lender party to the Fourth Amendment is 0.50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in-kind and capitalized to the principal amounts of the term loans held by such lender. 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On June 2, 2024 , the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Fifth Amendment (the Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Fifth Amendment, among other changes, permits charges or expenses attributable to or related to the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement to be added back to the Company s Consolidated EBITDA in an amount up to 28,500 ; excludes any direct effects to the Company resulting from the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement from being deemed a material adverse effect under the Credit Agreement; permits liens on the Company and certain subsidiaries in favor of DOJ in connection with the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement; provides that certain uncured or unwaived breaches of the terms and conditions of the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement shall be considered an event of default under the Credit Agreement; and enables the lenders to cause, at their discretion, material foreign subsidiaries to be joined as guarantors of the Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement. Refer to above for further discussion of the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement. 
 The fee consideration payable by the Company for each consenting lender party to the Fifth Amendment is 0.50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in-kind and capitalized to the principal amounts of the term loans held by such lender. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On August 7, 2024 , the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Sixth Amendment (the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Sixth Amendment among other changes, waived the financial covenant tests set out under the Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 , established a new weekly liquidity reporting requirement to the lenders, and established a new minimum weekly liquidity requirement of 7,000 for each of the weeks ended August 16, 2024 , August 23, 2024 and August 30, 2024 , 17,500 for each of the weeks ended October 11, 2024 , October 18, 2024 and October 25, 2024 and 10,000 for each other week thereafter. 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On September 13, 2024 , the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Seventh Amendment, among other changes, permitted the incurrence of the issuance of the Second Lien Notes in an aggregate amount of 22,550 , made certain changes to the component definitions of the financial covenants, including the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, and increased the cash netting capability in the Secured Leverage Ratio covenant. The Seventh Amendment included the addition of a maximum capital expenditure limit and a minimum EBITDA test effective as of the closing date, waived the existing financial covenants from the date of the Seventh Amendment until June 30, 2025 , and established new financial covenant tests for the fiscal quarters starting June 30, 2025 and thereafter. The Seventh Amendment also capped the reinvestment of funds from extraordinary receipts and asset sales and casualty events at 5,000 in the aggregate, and established a non-voting third party observer to the Company s board of directors meetings, as elected by the lenders. Additionally, the Seventh Amendment permits charges or expenses attributable to or related to the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement to be added back to the Company s Consolidated EBITDA in an amount up to 32,000 for purposes of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. This is an update to the 28,500 provided in the Fifth Amendment. 
 
 Second Lien Notes 
 Purchase Agreement 
 The Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into a Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), dated September 13, 2024 , with the Purchasers, pursuant to which the Purchasers acquired 22,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes and Warrants to purchase 3,946,250 Common Shares for consideration comprised of (i) 17,000 in cash and (ii) the cancellation of approximately 8,333 of the Company s Notes held by certain of the Purchasers. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, and pursuant to a Fee Letter between the Company and the structuring agent, the Company also issued to the structuring agent 550 aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes and additional Warrants to purchase 200,000 Common Shares as compensation for its services as structuring agent for the transactions. In connection therewith, 8,333 of the Notes were cancelled by the Company under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, such that the aggregate principal amount of Notes that remains outstanding is 131,667 . 
 Second Lien Indenture 
 The Second Lien Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture (the Second Lien Indenture ), dated as of September 13, 2024, by and between the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Second Lien Trustee ). The Second Lien Notes are the Company s senior secured second lien obligations and are secured by substantially all of the Company s and its subsidiaries assets, and are guaranteed on a senior secured second lien basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Interest on the Second Lien Notes is payable in kind. The Second Lien Notes accrue interest at a rate of 15.00 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on March 31 , June 30 , September 30 and December 31 of each year, with the initial payment on December 31, 2024 . The Second Lien Notes will mature on February 4, 2027 , unless earlier repurchased or redeemed. 
 The Second Lien Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time on or prior to March 13, 2026 , at a cash redemption price equal to 100.00 of the principal amount of the Second Lien Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus a make-whole premium, as further described in the Second Lien Indenture. The Second Lien Notes may be redeemed on or after March 14, 2026 through and including September 13, 2026 , at a redemption price of 102.00 of the principal amount of the Second Lien Notes to be redeemed and (ii) on and after 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 September 14, 2026 , at a redemption price of 100.00 of the principal amount of the Second Lien Notes to be redeemed, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 The Second Lien Indenture contains covenants restricting the Company s and its subsidiaries ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, make investments, make restricted payments, make asset sales and engage in transactions with affiliates, subject to certain baskets. The Second Lien Indenture requires the Company to add future assets to the collateral under the Security Agreement (as defined below) and to add future subsidiaries as guarantors under the Security Agreement. 
 The Second Lien Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Second Lien Indenture), which include, among others, the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Second Lien Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Second Lien Notes, will be subject to a 30 -day cure period); (ii) a default by the Company in its obligations or agreements under the Second Lien Indenture or the Second Lien Notes if such default is not cured or waived within certain grace periods; (iii) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least 8,625 during the Amendment Relief Period (as defined in the Second Lien Indenture) or of at least 17,250 thereafter; (iv) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Credit Agreement; (v) subject to certain exceptions, the rendering of certain judgments against the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the payment of at least 8,625 during the Amendment Relief Period or of at least 17,250 thereafter, where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within 90 days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; (vi) the occurrence of certain ERISA events; (vii) the loss of material security interests and liens and guarantees, subject to certain exceptions; (viii) certain payment defaults in excess of 11,500 owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under the 2024 Settlement (as defined in the Second Lien Indenture) and other failures to perform any term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in the 2024 Settlement that is capable of being cured and that is not cured within 30 days after receipt by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of written notice of such failure; (ix) any note Document (as defined in the Second Lien Indenture) or material provision thereof being declared null and void by a court of competent jurisdiction and (x) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of the Company s significant subsidiaries. 
 If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Second Lien Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Second Lien Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 30.00 of the aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Second Lien Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Second Lien Notes then outstanding to be due and payable immediately. 
 Security Agreement 
 On September 13, 2024 , the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement with the U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent for the Second Lien Notes (the Collateral Agent ). Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Company and Subsidiary Guarantors granted the Collateral Agent a second lien security interest in substantially all of their assets, including but not limited to certain accounts, equipment, fixtures and intellectual property, in order to secure the payment and performance of all of the Obligations, as defined in the Second Lien Indenture. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On September 27, 2021, the Company issued 140,000 principal amount of the Notes. The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture, dated as of September 27, 2021, among the Company, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, BAS Evansville, Inc., as guarantor (the Guarantor ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Convertible Bond Indenture ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchaser of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchaser an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes were first issued, up to an additional 15,000 principal amount of the Notes. The Notes issued on September 27, 2021 included 15,000 principal amount of the Notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchaser of such option. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with borrowings under a new senior secured term loan facility, to fund the cash portion of the purchase price of the Envigo acquisition and related fees and expenses. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes was reduced by 8,333. The outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes as of September 30, 2024 was 131,667. 
 The Notes are the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior, unsecured basis, by the Guarantor. 
 The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 3.25 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2022. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before April 15, 2027, noteholders have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after April 15, 2027, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, its common shares or a combination of cash and its common shares, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate is 21.7162 common shares per 1 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 46.05 per common share. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Bond Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, there were 3,031 and 4,172, respectively, in unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Notes. For the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, the total interest expense was 11,745, including coupon interest expense of 4,529, accretion expense of 6,270, and the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of 946. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, the total interest expense was 11,089, including coupon interest expense of 4,515, accretion expense of 5,686, and the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of 888. 
 The Notes are redeemable, in whole and not in part, at the Company s option at any time on or after October 15, 2024 and on or before the 40th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per common share of the Company exceeds 130.00 of the conversion price on (i) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. The redemption price is a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling the Notes for redemption pursuant to the provisions described in this paragraph will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, which will result in an increase to the conversion rate in certain circumstances for a specified period of time. 
 If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Bond Indenture) occur, then noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common shares. 
 The Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Convertible Bond Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, are subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company s failure to send certain notices under the Convertible Bond Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the failure by the Company or the Guarantor to comply with certain covenants in the Convertible Bond Indenture relating to the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company or the Guarantor in its other obligations or agreements under the Convertible Bond Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Convertible Bond Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least 20,000; (vi) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries for the payment of at least 20,000, where such judgments 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 are not discharged or stayed within 60 days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective significant subsidiaries; and (viii) the guarantee of the Notes ceases to be in full force and effect (except as permitted by the Convertible Bond Indenture) or the Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under its guarantee of the Notes. 
 If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company or the Guarantor (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company or the Guarantor) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then the trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25.00 of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Convertible Bond Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50 on the principal amount of the Notes. 
 At issuance, the Company evaluated the convertible feature of the Notes and determined it was required to be bifurcated as an embedded derivative and did not qualify for equity classification. In subsequent periods, the Notes conversion rights met all equity classification criteria and the fair value of the embedded derivative was reclassified to additional paid-in-capital. The discount resulting from the initial fair value of the embedded derivative has and will continue to be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. Non-cash interest expense during the period primarily related to this discount. 
 
 Acquisition-related Debt (Seller Notes) 
 In addition to the indebtedness described above, certain of the Company s subsidiaries have issued unsecured notes as partial payment of the purchase prices of certain acquisitions as described herein. Each of these notes is subordinated to the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement. 
 As part of acquisition of Pre-Clinical Research Services, Inc. ("PCRS"), the Company issued an unsecured subordinated promissory note payable to the PCRS seller in the initial principal amount of 800. The promissory note bears interest at a rate of 4.50 per annum with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of December 1, 2024. 
 As part of the acquisition of Bolder BioPATH, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Bolder BioPATH in an aggregate principal amount of 1,500. As part of the working capital adjustment in March 2022, a reduction of the promissory note of 470 was recorded. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 4.50 per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of May 1, 2026. 
 As part of the acquisition of Plato BioPharma, Inc. ("Plato"), the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Plato in an aggregate principal amount of 3,000. The promissory notes bore interest at a rate of 4.50 per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of June 1, 2023. The promissory notes were paid in full as of June 1, 2023. 
 As part of the acquisition of Orient BioResource Center, Inc. ("OBRC"), the Company agreed to leave in place a payable (the "Seller Payable") owed by OBRC to Orient Bio, Inc. (the "Seller") in the amount of 3,700, which the Company determined to have a fair value of 3,325 as of January 27, 2022. The Seller Payable did not bear interest and was originally required to be paid to the Seller 18 months after the closing date of January 27, 2022. The Company has the right to set off against the Seller Payable any amounts that become payable by the Seller on account of indemnification obligations under the purchase agreement. On April 4, 2023, the Company and the Seller entered into a First Amendment to extend the maturity date of the Seller Payable to July 27, 2024. On May 24, 2024, the Company and the Seller entered into a Second Amendment to extend the maturity date of the Seller Payable to July 27, 2025. Further, beginning on July 27, 2024, the note bears interest at a rate of 4.60 per annum. Accrued interest and principal will be paid at the maturity date. Neither the first nor the second amendment to the Seller Payable affected the rights and remedies of any party under the stock purchase agreement, nor did either alter, modify or amend or in any way affect any of the terms and conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the stock purchase agreement. On October 24, 2024, the Company and the Seller entered into a Third Amendment to extend the maturity date of the Seller Payable to January 27, 2026. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 As part of the acquisition of Histion, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Histion in an aggregate principal amount of 433. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 4.50 per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of April 1, 2025. 
 As part of the acquisition of Protypia, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Protypia in an aggregate principal amount of 600. The promissory notes bore interest at a rate of 4.50 per annum, with monthly interest payments, as well as principal payments on July 7, 2023 and on the maturity date, January 7, 2024. These notes were paid in full on January 7, 2024. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S.). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods and related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are monitored and analyzed by us for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. We base our estimates on our historical experience, trends in the industry, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that the application of our accounting policies, each of which require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management, are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We believe the following represent our critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements: 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, the Company disaggregates its revenue from clients into two revenue streams, service revenue and product revenue. At contract inception, the Company assesses the services and/or products promised in the contract with the clients to identify performance obligations in the arrangements. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company determines appropriate revenue recognition by completing the following steps: (i) identifying the contract(s) with a client; (ii) identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determining the transaction price; (iv) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognizing revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 
 
 Service revenue 
 DSA 
 The Company enters into contracts with clients to provide drug discovery and development services. The Company s fixed fee arrangements may involve nonclinical research services (e.g., toxicology, pathology, pharmacology), bioanalytical, and pharmaceutical method development and validation, nonclinical research services and the analysis of bioanalytical and pharmaceutical samples. For bioanalytical and pharmaceutical method validation services and nonclinical research services, revenue is recognized over time using the input method based on the ratio of direct costs incurred to total estimated direct costs. For contracts that involve in-life study conduct, method development or the analysis of bioanalytical and pharmaceutical samples, revenue is recognized over time when samples are analyzed or when services are performed. In determining the appropriate amount of revenue to recognize over time, the Company forecasts remaining costs related to the contracts with clients. In order to forecast the remaining costs, the Company reviews the billings compared to original cost estimates, meets with project managers and updates cost estimates in relation to any scope changes requested by the client. 
 The Company generally bills for services on a milestone basis. These contracts represent a single performance obligation and due to the Company s right to payment for work performed, revenue is recognized over time. Research services contract fees received upon acceptance are deferred until earned and classified within fees invoiced in advance on the 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 consolidated balance sheets. Unbilled revenues represent revenues earned under contracts in advance of billings and are classified within trade receivables and contract assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Our service contracts typically establish a fixed fee to be paid for identified services. In most cases, some percentage of the contract costs is paid in advance. While we are performing a contract, clients often adjust the scope of services to be provided based on interim project results. Fees are adjusted accordingly. Generally, our fee-for-service contracts are terminable by the client upon written notice of 30 days or less for a variety of reasons, including the client s decision to forego a particular study, the failure of product prototypes to satisfy safety requirements, and unexpected or undesired results of product testing. Cancellation or delay of ongoing contracts may result in fluctuations in our annual results. We are generally able to recover, at minimum, our invested costs plus an appropriate margin when contracts are terminated. 
 RMS 
 The Company provides GEMS, which include the performance of contract breeding and other services associated with genetically engineered models, client-owned animal colony care, and health monitoring and diagnostics services related to research models. For contracts that involve creation of a specific type of animal, revenue is recognized over time with each milestone as a separate performance obligation. The Company is due payment for work performed even if subsequent milestones are unable to be met. Contract breeding revenue and client-owned animal colony care revenue are recognized over time and are billed as per diems. Health monitoring revenue and diagnostic services revenue are recognized once the service is performed. 
 
 Product revenue 
 DSA 
 DSA product revenue includes internally-manufactured scientific instruments for life sciences research and the related software for use by pharmaceutical companies, universities, government research centers and medical research institutions under the Company s BASi product line. These products can be sold to multiple clients and have alternative uses. Both the transaction sales price and shipping terms are agreed upon in the client order. For these products, all revenue is recognized at a point in time, generally when title of the product and control is transferred to the client based upon shipping terms. These arrangements typically include only one performance obligation. 
 RMS 
 Product revenue includes research models, diets and bedding and bioproducts. Research models revenue represents the commercial production and sale of research models. Diets and bedding revenue represents laboratory animal diets, bedding, and enrichment products under the Company s Teklad product line. Bioproducts revenue represents the sale of serum and plasma, whole blood, tissues, organs and glands, embryo culture serum and growth factors. Product revenue is recognized at the point in time when the Company s performance obligations with the applicable clients have been satisfied. Revenue is recorded at the transaction price, which is the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products to a client. The performance obligations, including associated freight to deliver products, are met based on agreed upon terms, which are generally upon delivery (destination point) and transfer of title. The Company determines the transaction price based on fixed consideration in its contractual agreements. In determining the transaction price, a significant financing component does not exist since the timing from when the Company delivers product to when the clients pay for the product is less than one year. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company uses the asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates expected to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the Company determines that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 of its net recorded amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 
 The Company uses a two-step process for the measurement of uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in a tax return. The first step is a determination of whether the tax position should be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The second step determines the measurement of the tax position. The Company records potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. 
 The Company adopted an accounting policy regarding the treatment of taxes due on future inclusion of non-U.S. income in U.S. taxable income under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income provisions as a current period expense when incurred. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 We use assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. The determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of our acquisitions, requires the use of significant judgment with regard to the fair value. We utilize commonly accepted valuation techniques, such as the income, cost and market approaches, as appropriate, in establishing the fair value of intangible assets. Typically, key assumptions include projections of cash flows that arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses as well as discount rates based on an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital, adjusted for specific risks associated with the assets. Customer relationship intangible assets are the most significant identifiable definite-lived asset acquired. To determine the fair value of the acquired customer relationships, the Company typically utilizes the multiple period excess earnings model (a commonly accepted valuation technique), which relies on the following key assumptions: projections of cash flows from the acquired entities, which includes future revenue growth rates, operating income (loss) margins, and customer attrition rates; as well as discount rates based on an analysis of the acquired entities weighted average cost of capital. 
 Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed when accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Goodwill is not amortized, but reviewed for impairment on an annual basis, utilizing an assessment date of September 30th, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of the Company's reporting units below their carrying amounts. 
 The Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. If the Company elects this option and believes, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the carrying value of goodwill is not recoverable, the quantitative impairment test is required; otherwise, no further testing is required. Alternatively, the Company may elect to not first assess qualitative factors and immediately perform the quantitative impairment test. In the quantitative test, the Company compares the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying values. The estimated cash flows used to determine the fair value of the reporting units used in the impairment test requires significant judgment with respect to revenue growth, EBITDA margin, and weighted average cost of capital. If the carrying values of the net assets assigned to the reporting units exceed the fair values of the reporting units an impairment loss equal to the difference would be recorded. See Note 6 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets to our consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 for further discussion related to goodwill impairment charges during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are utilized and qualitatively reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets or asset group may not be recoverable. If quantitative determination of recoverability is required, recoverability of assets to be held and used is determined by the Company at the level for which there are identifiable cash flows by comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows utilizing forecasted revenue growth, EBITDA margin, and capital expenditures before interest expense and income taxes expected to be generated by the assets. If the carrying amount exceeds the outcome of the analysis of undiscounted cash flows, impairment is measured through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the definite-lived intangible assets, the definite-lived intangible assets are written-down to their fair values. 
 The Company amortizes the cost of its intangible assets utilizing the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the definite-lived intangible assets as follows: 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Asset 
 Estimated Useful Lives 
 (in years) 
 Customer relationships 
 5 - 13 
 Intellectual property 
 5 - 20 
 Other 
 0 - 15 

Long-lived Tangible Assets 
 Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets or asset group may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the assets, the assets are written-down to their fair values. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are carried at fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s judgment about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability to access. 
 Level 2 Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
 Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 
 Valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value are disclosed in Note 7 Debt and Note 9 Post-Employment Benefits. 
 
 Pension Costs 
 The Company has a defined benefit pension plan for one of its U.K. subsidiaries. 
 The projected benefit obligation and funded position of the defined benefit plan is estimated by actuaries and the Company recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit plan on its consolidated balance sheets and recognizes gains, losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period that are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. The Company measures plan assets and obligations as of the date of the Company s year-end consolidated balance sheet, using assumptions to anticipate future events. 
 Additional information about certain effects on net periodic benefit cost for the next fiscal year that arise from delayed recognition of the gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, and transition assets or obligations are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements (see Note 9 Post-Employment Benefits). 
 
 Our significant accounting policies, including new accounting pronouncements, are described in more detail in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in response to Item 8 of this Report. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates while conducting normal business operations as a result of ongoing financing activities. As of September 30, 2024, our debt portfolio was reliant on reference rates. Based on our interest rate exposure at September 30, 2024, assumed debt levels throughout the next 12 months, a one-percentage-point increase in interest rates would result in an estimated 2.7 million pre-tax reduction in net earnings over a one-year period. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We operate on a global basis and have exposure to some foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 While the financial results of our global activities are reported in U.S. dollars, our foreign subsidiaries typically conduct their operations in their respective local currency. The principal functional currencies of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are the Euro, British Pound and Israeli Shekel. 
 Fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates of the countries in which we do business will affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. As the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, the value of our non-U.S. revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities, and cash flows will generally decline when reported in U.S. dollars. The impact to net income (loss) as a result of a U.S. dollar strengthening will be partially mitigated by the value of non-U.S. expenses, which will decline when reported in U.S. dollars. As the U.S. dollar weakens versus other currencies, the value of the non-U.S. revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities, and cash flows will generally increase when reported in U.S. dollars. 
 A hypothetical 10 change in the foreign exchange rates applicable to our business would change our cash balance as of September 30, 2024 by approximately 0.6 million and our revenue for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 by approximately 7.2 million. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 67 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of Inotiv, Inc. 
 71 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 72 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 75 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 
 1. DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS 
 76 
 2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 76 
 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
 86 
 4. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CLIENTS 
 87 
 5. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 
 88 
 6. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 90 
 7. DEBT 
 92 
 8. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 
 102 
 9. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS 
 103 
 10. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE 
 107 
 11. RESTRUCTURING COSTS 
 107 
 12. LEASES 
 108 
 13. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND LOSS PER SHARE 
 109 
 14. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 111 
 15. INCOME TAXES 
 113 
 16. CONTINGENCIES 
 115 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Inotiv, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inotiv, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated December 4, 2024 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 
 The Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered negative operating cash flows, operating losses and net losses, absent recent amendments would not have complied with certain covenants of loan agreements with banks and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account s or disclosure s to which it relates. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Revenue recognition for Over Time Service Contracts 
 
 Description of the matter 
 For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded service revenue of 219.7 million. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company derives a portion of its revenues from service revenue contracts which include fixed fee arrangements. Certain of these service revenue contracts are recognized over time Over Time Service Contracts using the input method based on the ratio of direct costs incurred to date under the contract to total estimated direct costs expected to be incurred to complete the contract. 
 
 Auditing the revenue recognition related to Over Time Service Contracts can be challenging due to the judgment by management in determining the timing of recognition of revenue as services are provided, including the Company s estimate of expected costs to be incurred to complete the contract. Auditing the estimate of expected costs involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort due to the determination of the current status of the contract and remaining cost to complete and their impact on the amount of revenue recognized. 
 How we addressed the matter in our audit 
 Our audit procedures relating to management s estimates included, among others, selecting a sample of contracts and comparing the transaction prices to the consideration expected to be received based on current rights and obligations under the contracts and any contract modifications that were agreed upon with the customers. We tested costs incurred and applied to contracts for accuracy, existence, completeness, and proper classification. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecast of remaining costs for the selected contracts, which included understanding the current status of the contract, comparing current estimated costs to original estimates and corroborating our understanding of the status and remaining cost estimates of projects through discussions with project managers. Lastly, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate by comparing final contract costs to cost estimates for a sample of historical in-process service contracts completed in the current year. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

December 4, 2024 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Inotiv, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Inotiv, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Inotiv, Inc. (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment. Management has identified material weaknesses related to: 
 
 a) the design and operating effectiveness of controls over information technology general controls (ITGCs) for applications that are relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements throughout the year ended September 30, 2024, which resulted in ineffective business process controls (automated and IT-dependent manual controls) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all of the financial statement accounts and disclosures; and 
 
 b) the design and operating effectiveness of components of the COSO framework to address all relevant risks of material misstatement, including elements of the control environment, information and communication, control activities and monitoring activities components, relating to: (i) providing sufficient and timely management oversight and ownership over the internal control evaluation process; (ii) hiring and training sufficient personnel to timely support the Company s internal control objectives; and (iii) performing timely monitoring and oversight to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning effectively. As a result, controls relevant to all business processes and related controls (including relevant entity level controls) were deemed ineffective at September 30, 2024. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2024 consolidated financial statements of the Company. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2024 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated December 4, 2024, which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon that included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Indianapolis, Indiana 
 
 December 4, 2024 
 70 

Table of Contents 

INOTIV, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables and contract assets, net of allowances for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, shareholders' equity and noncontrolling interest Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Fees invoiced in advance Current portion of long-term operating lease Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term operating leases, net Long-term debt, less current portion, net of debt issuance costs Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Total liabilities Contingencies (Note 16) shares at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and at September 30, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total equity attributable to common shareholders Noncontrolling interest ) Total shareholders equity and noncontrolling interest Total liabilities and shareholders equity and noncontrolling interest 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 INOTIV, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Service revenue Product revenue Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of services provided (excluding depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) Cost of products sold (excluding depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) Selling General and administrative Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets Other operating expense Goodwill impairment loss Operating loss ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) Other income Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax benefit Consolidated net loss ) ) Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders ) ) Loss per common share Net loss attributable to common shareholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 INOTIV, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Consolidated net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation Cumulative currency translation realized through sale of subsidiary Defined benefit plans: Actuarial loss, net of tax ) Other ) Foreign currency translation ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Consolidated comprehensive loss ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 INOTIV, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except number of shares) 
 Common Shares Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Non- Controlling Interests Total shareholders equity Number Amount Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) ) Consolidated net loss ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest ) ) Issuance of stock under employee stock plans Stock based compensation Actuarial loss (net of tax) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Cumulative currency translation realized through sale of subsidiary Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Consolidated net loss ) ) Noncontrolling interest (2,309) ) Issuance of stock under employee stock plans ) Stock based compensation Pension cost amortization Foreign currency translation adjustment Warrants issued in connection with Purchase Agreement Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 INOTIV, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30 2024 2023 Operating activities: Consolidated net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net of acquisitions: Depreciation and amortization Employee stock compensation expense Changes in deferred taxes ) ) Provision for expected credit losses Amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount Noncash interest and accretion expense Other non-cash operating activities ) Gain on debt extinguishment ) Goodwill impairment loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables and contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities, net Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Fees invoiced in advance ) ) Other asset and liabilities, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Cash paid for other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Payments on senior term notes and delayed draw term loans ) ) Borrowings on revolving loan facility Issuance of second lien notes Borrowings on delayed draw term loans Other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Noncash financing activity: Non-cash debt issuance costs Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid, net 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 INOTIV, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
 1. 

2. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 and access to a revolver, which had a balance outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The fiscal 2024 results, in large part, were due to the difficulties in managing the constrained global supply and the shift in NHP demand in fiscal 2024, as discussed in the Operational Update above. Absent the Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Amendments to our Credit Agreement, the Company would not have complied with its financial covenants under the Credit Agreement for the March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 testing dates, respectively. If the Company's results of operations in the twelve months following the date of this report do not improve relative to fiscal 2024 results, the Company will be at risk of non-compliance with its financial covenants under its Credit Agreement. 
 If at any time in the twelve months following the date of this report the Company fails to comply with its financial covenants which remains unremedied for the period of time stipulated under the Credit Agreement, this would constitute an event of default under the Credit Agreement and the lenders may, among other remedies set out under the Credit Agreement, declare all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the borrowings plus accrued and unpaid interest to be immediately due and payable. Furthermore, if the lenders were to accelerate the loans under the Credit Agreement, such acceleration would constitute a default under our indentures governing the Company's Convertible Senior Notes (the "Notes") and the Company's Senior Secured Second Lien PIK Notes due 2027 (the "Second Lien Notes") which, if not cured within days following notice of such default from such trustees or holders of percent of the Notes and from the trustee or holders of percent of the Second Lien Notes, would permit the trustee or such holders to accelerate the Notes and the Second Lien Notes. If the loans under the Credit Agreement, the Notes and the Second Lien Notes are accelerated, the Company does not believe its existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash generated from operations, would be sufficient to fund its operations, satisfy its obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and repay the entirety of its outstanding senior term loans, repay the entirety of its outstanding Notes and repay the entirety of its outstanding Second Lien Notes in the next twelve months. Additionally, access to the revolver would be restricted and such funds would not be available to pay for any operating activities. 
 On September 13, 2024, t he Company, certain of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Seventh Amendments) to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021 (as amended through the date hereof, including by the Seventh Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). The Seventh Amendment, among other changes, permits the incurrence of the issuance of the Second Lien Notes in an aggregate amount of , makes certain changes to the component definitions of the financial covenants, including the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, and increases the cash netting capability in the Secured Leverage Ratio covenant. The Seventh Amendment includes the addition of a maximum capital expenditure limit and a minimum EBITDA test effective as of the Closing Date for the testing periods of the six months ended December 31, 2024 and the nine months ended March 31, 2025, waives the existing financial covenants from the date of the Seventh Amendment until June 30, 2025, and establishes new testing ratios for the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Secured Leverage Ratio covenants for the fiscal quarters beginning June 30, 2025 and thereafter. The Seventh Amendment also caps the reinvestment of funds from extraordinary receipts and asset sales and casualty events at in the aggregate, and establishes a non-voting third party observer to the Company s board of directors meetings, as elected by the lenders. 
 Further, on September 13, 2024 , certain investors (the Purchasers agreed to acquire principal amount of the Second Lien Notes and warrants to purchase of the Company s common shares for consideration comprised of (i) in cash and (ii) the cancellation of approximately of the Notes. In connection with this transaction, the Company issued to the structuring agent principal amount of Second Lien Notes and warrants to purchase of the Company's common shares as compensation for its services as structuring agent. 
 Additionally, the Company experienced improvements in revenue and operating results in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024 as compared to the second and third fiscal quarters of 2024. 
 Our evaluation of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles entailed analyzing prospective fully implemented operating budgets and forecasts for expectations of our cash needs and comparing those needs to the current cash and cash equivalent balances in order to satisfy our obligations, including cash outflows for planned targeted capital expenditures, and to comply with minimum liquidity and financial covenant requirements under our debt covenants related to borrowings pursuant to its Credit Agreement for at least the next twelve months. This evaluation initially does not take into consideration the potential mitigating effect of 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 days subsequent to any fiscal quarter, and approximately days subsequent to fiscal year-end to cure noncompliance (the "grace period"). Further, the Company has and may continue to seek additional financing and evaluate financing alternatives to meet its cash requirements for the next 12 months. There is no assurance that the Company s lenders will agree to any amendment to the Credit Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Company would be able to raise additional capital, whether through selling additional equity or debt securities or obtaining a line of credit or other loan on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. 
 Management's fiscal 2025 annual operating plan forecasts compliance with its recently updated financial covenants pursuant to the Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Although management believes that it will be able to implement its plan, there can be no assurances that its plan will prove successful. As a result, substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern exists. 
 
 Foreign exchange (gains) losses recorded in other income (expense) on the statements of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were ) and , respectively. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

reportable segments: Discovery and Safety Assessment ("DSA") and Research Models and Services ("RMS"). 
 Through our DSA segment, we support the discovery, nonclinical development and clinical development needs of researchers and clinicians for primarily small molecule drug candidates, as well as biotherapeutics and biomedical devices. Our scientists have skills in analytical instrumentation development, chemistry, computer software development, histology, pathology, physiology, surgery, analytical chemistry, drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology to make the services and products we provide increasingly valuable to our current and potential clients. Our principal clients are companies whose scientists are engaged in analytical chemistry, drug safety evaluation, clinical trials, drug metabolism studies, pharmacokinetics and basic research, from small start-up biotechnology companies to some of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. 

79 

Table of Contents 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, one client related to the RMS segment accounted for of total revenue. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, one client related to the RMS segment accounted for of total revenue. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the spend for one vendor accounted for of the sum of cost of services (excluding depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) and cost of products (excluding depreciation and amortization of intangible assets). During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, no vendor spend accounted for greater than of the sum of cost of services (excluding depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) and cost of products (excluding depreciation and amortization of intangible assets). 
 80 

Table of Contents 

- 
 Buildings and building improvements - 
 Machinery and equipment - 
 Furniture and fixtures - 
 Computer hardware and software - 
 Vehicles 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 Intellectual property - 
 Other - 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 to years. Certain lease agreements contain options to purchase the leased property and options to terminate the lease. Payments to be made in option periods are recognized as part of the right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities when it is reasonably certain that the option to extend the lease will be exercised or the option to terminate the lease will not be exercised, or is not at the Company s option. The Company determines whether the reasonably certain threshold is met by considering all relevant factors, including company-specific plans and economic outlook. 
 Lease income is considered contra-expense within operating expenses. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 days or less for a variety of reasons, including the client s decision to forego a particular study, the failure of product prototypes to satisfy safety requirements, and unexpected or undesired results of product testing. Cancellation or delay of ongoing contracts may result in fluctuations in our annual results. We are generally able to recover, at a minimum, our invested costs plus an appropriate margin when contracts are terminated. 
 RMS 
 The Company provides GEMS, which include the performance of contract breeding and other services associated with genetically engineered models, client-owned animal colony care, and health monitoring and diagnostics services related to research models. For contracts that involve creation of a specific type of animal, revenue is recognized over time with each milestone as a separate performance obligation. The Company is due payment for work performed even if subsequent milestones are unable to be met. Contract breeding revenue and client-owned animal colony care revenue are recognized over time and are billed as per diems. Health monitoring revenue and diagnostic services revenue are recognized once the service is performed. 
 Product revenue 
 DSA 
 DSA product revenue includes internally-manufactured scientific instruments for life sciences research and the related software for use by pharmaceutical companies, universities, government research centers and medical research institutions under the Company s BASi product line. These products can be sold to multiple clients and have alternative uses. Both the transaction sales price and shipping terms are agreed upon in the client order. For these products, all revenue is recognized at a point in time, generally when title of the product and control is transferred to the client based upon shipping terms. These arrangements typically include only one performance obligation. 
 RMS 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 85 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 in cash, subject to working capital adjustments, (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at based on the closing stock price of the Company s common shares as reported by Nasdaq on the closing date and (iii) unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Histion in an aggregate principal amount of . 
 Protypia Acquisition 
 On July 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Protypia, Inc. Protypia ), which was a strategic element of the Company s expansion of its mass spectrometry-based bioanalytical offerings providing for the acquisition by the Company of all of the outstanding stock of Protypia on that date. Consideration for the Protypia stock consisted of (i) in cash, subject to certain adjustments, (ii) of the Company s common shares valued at based on the opening stock price of the Company s common shares as reported by Nasdaq on the closing date and (iii) in seller notes. 
 Intangible assets Other liabilities, net ) Deferred tax liabilities ) 
 Intangible assets primarily relate to client relationships and technology associated with the ability to perform specialized protein and peptide mass spectrometry analysis. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years on a straight-line basis. The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined using the "income approach," which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an asset based on market participant expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in the development of these asset valuations include the estimated net cash flows for each year for each asset or product (including revenues and EBITDA), the appropriate discount rate necessary to measure the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, the life cycle of each asset, the potential regulatory and commercial success risk, and competitive trends impacting the asset and each cash flow stream, as well as other factors. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 Contract Assets: Unbilled revenue Contract liabilities: Client deposits Contract liabilities: Deferred revenue 
 
 When the Company does not have the unconditional right to advanced billings, both advanced client payments and unpaid advanced client billings are excluded from deferred revenue, with the advanced billings also being excluded from client receivables. The Company excluded approxima tely and of unpaid advanced client billings from both client receivables and deferred revenue as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively. 
 
 The Company expects approximately 80 of deferred revenue to be recognized as revenue in fiscal year and the remainder to be recognized thereafter during the remaining contract term. 
 Changes in the contract asset and the contract liability balances during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 include the following: 
 A change in the time frame for a right for consideration to become unconditional Approximately of unbilled revenue as of September 30, 2023, was billed during fiscal year 2024. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 of contract liabilities as of September 30, 2023, were recognized as revenue during fiscal year 2024. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company s allowance for credit losses was and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Charged to expense Uncollectible invoices written off ) ) Amounts collected Ending balance 
 
 5. 
 reportable segments: DSA and RMS, as disclosed in the segment reporting policy within Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Segment Information 
 Revenue and other financial information by segment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are as follows: 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the RMS segment recognized intersegment revenue of and , respectively, related to sales to the DSA segment. 
 Product revenue RMS: Service revenue Product revenue Operating Income (Loss) DSA RMS ) ) Unallocated Corporate ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) Other income Loss before income taxes ) ) 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 RMS Unallocated Corporate Capital expenditures: DSA RMS 
 As a result of the application of ASC 805 for the Envigo and OBRC acquisitions, we recognized and of amortization of inventory step-up during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, which were reflected in the RMS reportable segment. 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized goodwill impairment charges of and , respectively, which were reflected in the RMS reportable segment. Refer to Note 6 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further discussion of the goodwill impairment charge in fiscal year 2023. 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized and , respectively, of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, which were reflected in unallocated corporate expenses. Other unallocated corporate operating expenses include compensation and other employee-related expenses, certain external professional fees, insurance, information technology-related fees and acquisition and integration costs. 
 RMS 
 Geographic Information 
 Netherlands Other 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Netherlands Other 

6. 
 Acquisitions - DSA 1 
 Impairment - RMS ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 Acquisitions - DSA Impairment - RMS Balance as of September 30, 2024 2,3 
 
 1 Goodwill for DSA acquisitions relates to measurement period adjustments during fiscal 2023 related to the fiscal 2022 acquisitions, as disclosed in Note 3 - Business Combinations. 
 2 The accumulated impairment loss for the RMS segment was at each of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 3 All remaining goodwill relates to the DSA segment.. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2024 
 
 There was no change in goodwill during fiscal year 2024. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2023 
 
 The change in goodwill during fiscal year 2023 related primarily to measurement period adjustments in the DSA segment from the acquisition of Protypia, offset by goodwill impairment related to the RMS reporting unit (which is reported within the RMS segment). 
 
 During December 2022, the Company determined that as a result of the November 16, 2022 event, which led to the Company s decision to refrain from selling or delivering any of its Cambodian NHPs held in the U.S. at that time, the uncertainty related to the Company s ability to import NHPs from Cambodia and the decrease in its stock price, the carrying value of goodwill as of December 31, 2022, was required to be quantitatively evaluated. The carrying value of the Company s goodwill by reporting unit was determined utilizing the income approach. Based on the Company s quantitative goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the RMS reporting unit was less than the RMS reporting unit s carrying value. As a result, a goodwill impairment loss of was recorded within the RMS segment. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 ) Intellectual property ) Other ) ) 
 September 30, 2023 Carrying Amount, Gross Accumulated Amortization Carrying Amount, Net Customer relationships ) Intellectual property ) Other ) ) 
 The decrease in intangible assets, net during fiscal years 2024 and 2023 related primarily to the amortization of all intangible assets, partially offset by foreign exchange rate impact. 
 Amortization expense of definite-lived intangible assets for fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Intellectual property Other Total 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Seller Note Preclinical Research Services Seller Payable - Orient BioResource Center Seller Note Histion (Related party) Seller Note Protypia (Related party) Economic Injury Disaster Loan Second Lien Notes Convertible Senior Notes Term Loan Facility, DDTL and Incremental Term Loans Total debt before unamortized debt issuance costs Less: Debt issuance costs not amortized ) ) Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Less: Current portion ) ) Total Long-term debt 

delayed draw term loan (the Additional DDTL allowed under the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement First Amendment ). A portion of the proceeds was used to repay the balance on the Company s revolving credit facility, while the remaining amount was drawn to fund a portion of the Company s capital expenditures in fiscal year 2022 and those planned for fiscal year 2023. 
 On December 29, 2022 and January 9, 2023, the Company, the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (the Agent ), entered into the Second and Third Amendments, respectively, to the Credit Agreement. Refer below for further information related to those amendments. 
 On May 14, 2024 and June 2, 2024, the Company, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent, entered into the Fourth and Fifth Amendments, respectively, to the Credit Agreement. Refer below for further information related to those amendments. 
 On August 7, 2024 and September 13, 2024, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into a Sixth and Seventh Amendments, respectively, to the Credit Agreement. The Sixth and Seventh Amendments waived the financial covenant tests under the Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 through the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025 . Additionally, the Seventh Amendment permitted the issuance of the Second Lien Notes. Refer below for further information related to these amendments. 
 On September 13, 2024, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto entered into the Seventh Amendment and the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), with the Purchasers. Pursuant to these agreements, the Purchasers acquired in aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes from the Company ("Purchaser's Second Lien Notes") and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common shares (such warrants, the Warrants and such common shares, the Common Shares for consideration comprised of (i) in cash and (ii) the cancellation of of the Notes issued pursuant to the Convertible Bond Indenture (as defined below). Additionally, pursuant to the Fee Letter between the Company and the 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes and additional warrants to purchase Common Shares as compensation for its services as structuring agent. 
 In connection with these transactions, of the Notes were cancelled by the Company under the terms of the Purchase Agreement on the same date, such that the aggregate principal amount of Notes that remains outstanding is , which resulted in a gain on extinguishment of . The gain on extinguishment of debt is presented in Other income. 
 
 aggregate principal of the Purchaser's Second Lien Notes. The assigned fair values were for the Purchaser's Second Lien Notes and for the Warrants. Refer to Note 13 - Stockholder's Equity for discussion of the determination of the initial fair value of the Warrants. 
 We utilized a third-party valuation firm to assist with the estimation of the fair value of the Purchaser's Second Lien Notes as of the issuance date (September 13, 2024). The fair value of the Purchaser's Second Lien Notes was determined utilizing the Black-Derman-Toy Lattice Model (a "BDT Model ), which is a form of the income approach that utilizes Level 3 inputs. The BDT Model is a single factor model that incorporates the issuer's option to prepay a debt instrument if optimal, which occurs when interest rates decline, indicating that the holding value of the instrument exceeds the prepayment price. The significant assumptions used in the BDT Model for the Purchaser's Second Lien Notes were as follows: expected term, which was based on the remaining contractual term before the maturity date years as of September 13, 2024); interest rate, which is stated ); the yield volatility and the estimated spread over the yield curve ). 
 
 Recurring 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the fair value of the Company s term loan facility and the DDTL (as defined below) was and , respectively, based on market pricing. As the fair value is based on significant other observable inputs, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the fair value of the Notes was and , respectively, based on market pricing. As the fair value is based on significant other observable inputs, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 As the fair value of the Second Lien Notes is based on significant unobservable inputs, it is deemed to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. We utilized a third-party valuation firm to assist with the estimation of the fair value of the Second Lien Notes as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of the Second Lien Notes was determined by first utilizing a BDT Model. The significant assumptions used in the BDT model for the Second Lien Notes were as follows: expected term, which was based on the remaining contractual term before the maturity date years as of September 30, 2024); interest rate, which is stated ); the yield volatility and the estimated spread over the yield curve ). Management reviewed the BDT Model in connection with other market activity and determined the fair value of the Second Lien Notes to be as of September 30, 2024. 
 The book values of the Seller Notes and Seller Payable (as defined below), which are fixed rate loans carried at amortized cost, approximate the fair value based on current market pricing of similar debt. As the fair value is based on significant other observable outputs, it is deemed to be Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility. Refer to the statements of cash flows for information related to borrowings and payments on the revolving credit facility during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Initial DDTL Additional DDTL 
 Credit Agreement 
 On November 5, 2021, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and the Agent, entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides for a term loan facility (the "Term Loan") in the original principal amount of , a delayed draw term loan facility in the original principal amount of (available to be drawn up to months from the date of the Credit Agreement) (the Initial DDTL and together with the Additional DDTL, the DDTL and a revolving credit facility in the original principal amount of . On November 5, 2021, the Company borrowed the full amount of the term loan facility, but did not borrow any amounts on the DDTL or the revolving credit facility. 
 The Company could have elected to borrow on each of the loan facilities at either an adjusted LIBOR rate of interest or an adjusted prime rate of interest. Adjusted LIBOR rate loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The LIBOR rate had to be a minimum of . The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest was the LIBOR rate plus . Adjusted prime rate loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the prime rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio. The initial adjusted prime rate of interest was the prime rate plus . 
 The Company must pay (i) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility and (ii) a fee based on a percentage per annum equal to on the average daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the delayed draw loan facility. In each case, such fee shall be paid quarterly in arrears. 
 Each of the term loan facility and delayed draw term loan facility require annual principal payments in an amount equal to of their respective original principal amounts. The Company shall also repay the term loan facility on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. Each of the loan facilities may be repaid at any time. Voluntary prepayments were subject to a prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2023 and other breakage penalties, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Voluntary prepayments made after November 5, 2023 are not subject to any prepayment premium. 
 The Company is required to maintain a Secured Leverage Ratio of not more than to 1.00 for the Company's fiscal quarters through the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, to 1.00 beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2023, and 3.00 to beginning with the Company s fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025. The Company is required to maintain a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which ratio was 1.00 to during the first year of the Credit Agreement and is 1.10 to from and after the Credit Agreement s first anniversary. 
 Each of the loan facilities is secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Repayment of each of the loan facilities is guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 On January 7, 2022, the Company drew on the Initial DDTL. Amounts outstanding under the Initial DDTL accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 The Term Loan and the Initial DDTL will mature on November 5, 2026. 
 
 (the Incremental Term Loans and the Additional DDTL in the original principal amount of , which amount is available to be drawn up to months from the date of the First Amendment. The Incremental Term Loans and any amounts borrowed under the Additional DDTL are referred to herein as the Additional Term Loans . On January 27, 2022, the Company borrowed the full amount of the Incremental Term Loans, and on October 12, 2022, the Company borrowed the full under the Additional DDTL. 
 Amounts outstanding under the Additional Term Loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the LIBOR rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The initial adjusted LIBOR rate of interest was the LIBOR rate plus . 
 The Additional Term Loans require annual principal payments in an amount equal to of the original principal amount. Voluntary prepayments of the Additional Term Loans were subject to a 1.00 prepayment premium if made on or prior to November 5, 2023 and other breakage penalties, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Voluntary prepayments made after November 5, 2023 are not subject to any prepayment premium. 
 The Company shall also repay the term loans on an annual basis in an amount equal to a percentage of its Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement), which percentage will be determined by its then current Secured Leverage Ratio. 
 The Additional Term Loans are secured by all assets (other than certain excluded assets) of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Repayment of the Additional Term Loans is guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 The Additional Term Loans will mature on November 5, 2026. 
 
 days after the end of each month, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet, statement of income and statement of cash flows as of the end of, and for, such month, as well as a key performance indicator report. The Second Amendment also requires that, within 10 business days after the end of each month, the Company will provide a rolling -week cash flow forecast prepared on a monthly basis. The Second Amendment further provides that, upon the request of the Required Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the Company will permit a financial advisor designated by the Required Lenders to meet with management of the Company to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of the Company during the -month period following the effective date of the Second Amendment. In addition, the Second Amendment requires the Company to deliver an updated organization chart and certain supplemental information regarding the Company s subsidiaries in connection with each quarterly report required pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 
 Under the Second Amendment , the Company could have elected to borrow on each of the loan facilities at either an adjusted term secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR rate of interest or an alternate base rate of interest. Term SOFR loans accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR rate plus (i) an adjustment percentage equal to between and , depending on the term of the loan Adjusted Term SOFR provided that, Adjusted Term SOFR could never be less than , and (ii) a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Alternate base rate loans could 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 , (b) the Agent s prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor plus (the Second Amendment Alternate Base Rate provided that, the Second Amendment Alternate Base Rate could never be less than , plus (ii) a margin of between and , depending on the Company s then current Secured Leverage Ratio. 
 The Second Amendment also provides that the Company may not request any credit extensions under the revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement, if any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement cannot be satisfied, including, without limitation, the making of the representation and warranty that as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered to the Agent, no event, change, circumstance, condition, development or occurrence has had, or would reasonably be expected to result in, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 In addition, the Second Amendment provided that, no later than January 13, 2023 (or such later date as the Required Lenders shall agree in their discretion), the Company shall (i) appoint a financial advisor on terms reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders and the Company for a term of at least , (ii) provide a -week budget to the Agent, and (iii) deliver a perfection certificate supplement updating certain information previously provided with respect to each of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, including information regarding certain collateral and other assets owned by such parties. The Company timely satisfied each of these requirements. 
 
 . 
 Under the Third Amendment, the Company may elect to borrow on each of the loan facilities accruing interest at either an adjusted Term SOFR or an alternate base rate of interest. Term SOFR loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to the applicable Term SOFR rate plus (i) an adjustment percentage equal to between and , depending on the term of the loan, provided that, the Adjusted Term SOFR shall never be less than per annum, plus (ii) an applicable margin of per annum for term loans maintained as SOFR loans or per annum for revolving loans maintained as SOFR loans. Alternate base rate loans shall accrue interest at an annual rate equal to (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus , (b) the Agent s prime rate and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor plus (the Alternate Base Rate ), provided that, the Alternate Base Rate is subject to a floor of per annum plus (ii) an applicable margin of per annum for term loans maintained as Alternate Base Rate loans or per annum for revolving loans maintained as Alternate Base Rate loans. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in-kind and capitalized to the principal amounts of the term loans held by such lender; (ii) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in cash upon the occurrence of certain prepayments of the term loan under the Credit Agreement; and (iii) of the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments held by each consenting revolving lender, to be paid in cash upon the occurrence with certain permanent reductions of the revolving loans under the Credit Agreement. for purposes of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 16 - Contingencies for further discussion of the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement. 
 The fee consideration payable by the Company for each consenting lender party to the Fourth Amendment is 0.50 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in-kind and capitalized to the principal amounts of the term loans held by such lender. 
 
 ; excludes any direct effects to the Company resulting from the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement from being deemed a material adverse effect under the Credit Agreement; permits liens on the Company and certain subsidiaries in favor of DOJ in connection with the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement; provides that certain uncured or unwaived breaches of the terms and conditions of the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement shall be considered an event of default under the Credit Agreement; and enables the lenders to cause, at their discretion, material foreign subsidiaries to be joined as guarantors of the Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 16 - Contingencies for further discussion of the Resolution Agreement and Plea Agreement. 
 The fee consideration payable by the Company for each consenting lender party to the Fifth Amendment is of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loans held by each consenting term loan lender, to be paid in-kind and capitalized to the principal amounts of the term loans held by such lender. 
 
 for each of the weeks ended August 16, 2024 , August 23, 2024 and August 30, 2024 , for each of the weeks ended October 11, 2024 , October 18, 2024 and October 25, 2024 and for each other week thereafter. 
 
 , made certain changes to the component definitions of the financial covenants, including the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, and increased the cash netting capability in the Secured Leverage Ratio covenant. The Seventh Amendment included the addition of a maximum capital expenditure limit and a minimum EBITDA test effective as of the closing date, waived the existing financial covenants from the date of the Seventh Amendment until June 30, 2025 , and established new financial covenant tests for the fiscal quarters starting June 30, 2025 and thereafter. The Seventh Amendment also capped the reinvestment of funds from extraordinary receipts and asset sales and casualty events at in the aggregate, and established a non-voting third 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 for purposes of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. This is an update to the provided in the Fifth Amendment. 
 
 in aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes and Warrants to purchase Common Shares for consideration comprised of (i) in cash and (ii) the cancellation of approximately of the Company s Notes held by certain of the Purchasers. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, and pursuant to a Fee Letter between the Company and the structuring agent, the Company also issued to the structuring agent aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes and additional warrants to purchase Common Shares as compensation for its services as structuring agent for the transactions. In connection therewith, of the Notes were cancelled by the Company under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, such that the aggregate principal amount of Notes that remains outstanding is . 
 Second Lien Indenture 
 The Second Lien Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture (the Second Lien Indenture ), dated as of September 13, 2024 , by and between the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Second Lien Trustee ). The Second Lien Notes are the Company s senior secured second lien obligations and are secured by substantially all of the Company s and its subsidiaries assets, and are guaranteed on a senior secured second lien basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Interest on the Second Lien Notes is payable in kind. The Second Lien Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on March 31 , June 30 , September 30 and December 31 of each year, with the initial payment on December 31, 2024 . The Second Lien Notes will mature on February 4, 2027 , unless earlier repurchased or redeemed. 
 The Second Lien Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time on or prior to March 13, 2026 , at a cash redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Second Lien Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus a make-whole premium, as further described in the Second Lien Indenture. The Second Lien Notes may be redeemed on or after March 14, 2026 through and including September 13, 2026 , at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the Second Lien Notes to be redeemed and (ii) on and after September 14, 2026 , at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the Second Lien Notes to be redeemed, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 The Second Lien Indenture contains covenants restricting the Company s and its subsidiaries ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, make investments, make restricted payments, make asset sales and engage in transactions with affiliates, subject to certain baskets. The Second Lien Indenture requires the Company to add future assets to the collateral under the Security Agreement (as defined below) and to add future subsidiaries as guarantors under the Security Agreement. 
 The Second Lien Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Second Lien Indenture), which include, among others, the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Second Lien Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Second Lien Notes, will be subject to a cure period); (ii) a default by the Company in its obligations or agreements under the Second Lien Indenture or the Second Lien Notes if such default is not cured or waived within certain grace periods; (iii) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least during the Amendment Relief Period (as defined in the Second Lien Indenture) or of at least thereafter; (iv) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Credit Agreement; (v) subject to certain exceptions, the rendering of certain judgments against the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the payment of at least during the Amendment Relief Period or of at least thereafter, where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; (vi) the occurrence of certain ERISA events; (vii) the loss of material security interests and liens and guarantees, subject to certain exceptions; (viii) certain payment defaults in excess of owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under the 2024 Settlement (as 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 days after receipt by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of written notice of such failure; (ix) any note Document (as defined in the Second Lien Indenture) or material provision thereof being declared null and void by a court of competent jurisdiction and (x) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of the Company s significant subsidiaries. 
 If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Second Lien Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Second Lien Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least of the aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Second Lien Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Second Lien Notes then outstanding to be due and payable immediately. 
 Security Agreement 
 On September 13, 2024 , the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement with the U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent for the Second Lien Notes (the Collateral Agent ). Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Company and Subsidiary Guarantors granted the Collateral Agent a second lien security interest in substantially all of their assets, including but not limited to certain accounts, equipment, fixtures and intellectual property, in order to secure the payment and performance of all of the Obligations, as defined in the Second Lien Indenture. 
 
 principal amount of the Notes. The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture, dated as of September 27, 2021, among the Company, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, BAS Evansville, Inc., as guarantor (the Guarantor ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Convertible Bond Indenture ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchaser of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchaser an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of days from, and including, the date the Notes were first issued, up to an additional principal amount of the Notes. The Notes issued on September 27, 2021 included principal amount of the Notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchaser of such option. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with borrowings under a new senior secured term loan facility, to fund the cash portion of the purchase price of the Envigo acquisition and related fees and expenses. 
 In connection with the Purchase Agreement, of the Notes were cancelled by the Company under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, such that the aggregate principal amount of Notes that remains outstanding is . 
 The Notes are the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior, unsecured basis, by the Guarantor. 
 The Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2022. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before April 15, 2027, noteholders have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after April 15, 2027, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, its common shares or a combination of cash and its common shares, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate is common shares per 1 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per common share. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Bond Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, in unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Notes. For the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, the total interest expense was , including coupon interest expense of , accretion expense of , and the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of . During the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, the total interest expense was , including coupon interest expense of , accretion expense of , and the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of . 
 The Notes are redeemable, in whole and not in part, at the Company s option at any time on or after October 15, 2024 and on or before the th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per common share of the Company exceeds of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. The redemption price is a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling the Notes for redemption pursuant to the provisions described in this paragraph will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, which will result in an increase to the conversion rate in certain circumstances for a specified period of time. 
 If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Bond Indenture) occur, then noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common shares. 
 The Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Convertible Bond Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, are subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company s failure to send certain notices under the Convertible Bond Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the failure by the Company or the Guarantor to comply with certain covenants in the Convertible Bond Indenture relating to the ability of the Company or the Guarantor to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the Guarantor, as applicable, and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company or the Guarantor in its other obligations or agreements under the Convertible Bond Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Convertible Bond Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least ; (vi) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries for the payment of at least , where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within 60 days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective significant subsidiaries; and (viii) the guarantee of the Notes ceases to be in full force and effect (except as permitted by the Convertible Bond Indenture) or the Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under its guarantee of the Notes. 
 If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company or the Guarantor (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company or the Guarantor) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then the trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Convertible Bond Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50 on the principal amount of the Notes. 
 At issuance, the Company evaluated the convertible feature of the Notes and determined it was required to be bifurcated as an embedded derivative and did not qualify for equity classification. In subsequent periods, the Notes conversion rights met all equity classification criteria and the fair value of the embedded derivative was reclassified to additional paid-in-capital. The discount resulting from the initial fair value of the embedded derivative has and will continue to be amortized to 
 100 

Table of Contents 

. The promissory note bears interest at a rate of per annum with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of December 1, 2024. 
 As part of the acquisition of Bolder BioPATH, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Bolder BioPATH in an aggregate principal amount of . As part of the working capital adjustment in March 2022, a reduction of the promissory note of 470 was recorded. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of May 1, 2026. 
 As part of the acquisition of Plato BioPharma, Inc. ("Plato"), the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Plato in an aggregate principal amount of . The promissory notes bore interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of June 1, 2023. The promissory notes were paid in full as of June 1, 2023. 
 As part of the acquisition of Orient BioResource Center, Inc. ("OBRC"), the Company agreed to leave in place a payable (the "Seller Payable") owed by OBRC to Orient Bio, Inc. (the "Seller") in the amount of , which the Company determined to have a fair value of as of January 27, 2022. The Seller Payable did not bear interest and was originally required to be paid to the Seller 18 months after the closing date of January 27, 2022. The Company has the right to set off against the Seller Payable any amounts that become payable by the Seller on account of indemnification obligations under the purchase agreement. On April 4, 2023, the Company and the Seller entered into a First Amendment to extend the maturity date of the Seller Payable to July 27, 2024. On May 24, 2024, the Company and the Seller entered into a Second Amendment to extend the maturity date of the Seller Payable to July 27, 2025. Further, beginning on July 27, 2024, the note bears interest at a rate of per annum. Accrued interest and principal will be paid at the maturity date. Neither the first nor the second amendment to the Seller Payable affected the rights and remedies of any party under the stock purchase agreement, nor did either alter, modify or amend or in any way affect any of the terms and conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the stock purchase agreement. On October 24, 2024, the Company and the Seller entered into a Third Amendment to extend the maturity date of the Seller Payable to January 27, 2026. 
 As part of the acquisition of Histion, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Histion in an aggregate principal amount of . The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly payments of principal and interest and a maturity date of April 1, 2025. 
 As part of the acquisition of Protypia, the Company issued unsecured subordinated promissory notes payable to the former shareholders of Protypia in an aggregate principal amount of . The promissory notes bore interest at a rate of per annum, with monthly interest payments, as well as principal payments on July 7, 2023 and on the maturity date, January 7, 2024. These notes were paid in full on January 7, 2024. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 of the Company's total trade receivables balance. As of September 30, 2023, one client of the RMS segment made up of the Company's total trade receivables balance. 
 Unbilled revenue Total Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Trade receivables and contract assets, net of allowances for credit losses 
 Work in progress Finished goods Research Model Inventory Total Less: Obsolescence reserve ) ) Inventories, net 
 Prepaid research models Tax-related receivables Note receivable Other Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Funded status of defined benefit plan Other Other assets 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Other Construction in progress Total Cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Non-income taxes Accrued interest Other Resolution and Plea Agreements (Note 1) Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Deferred revenue Fees invoiced in advance 
 Other Resolution and Plea Agreements (Note 1) Other liabilities 
 
 9. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Change in projected benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation, beginning of period Other Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Actuarial gains (losses) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of period Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of period Actual gain (loss) on plan assets ) Employer contributions Foreign currency translation adjustment Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of period Funded status 
 
 In July 2024, the U.K. Court of Appeal upheld a ruling in the matter of Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees II Limited, a decision that the Company was not a party to or involved in, that certain historical amendments for contracted out defined benefit schemes were invalid if they were not accompanied by the correct actuarial confirmation. The Company and its U.K. pension scheme trustee are reviewing this development and considering whether this decision has any implications for the Pension Plan. 
 Expected return on assets ) ) Amortization of prior gain ) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 Gains Related to Changes in Benefit Obligation 
 The actuarial gains during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily due to decreased discount rate assumptions as a result of interest rate trends in the U.K. The actuarial gains during the twelve months ended 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 years. This is a shorter period than the expected average life expectancy of the members in the Plan. 
 Assumptions 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Our expected return on plan asset assumption, used to determine benefit obligations, is based on historical long-term rates of return on investments. Many factors, including portfolio allocation, target portfolio allocation and expected expenses, are evaluated during the process of determining the expected return on plan assets. 
 Discount rates were determined for the defined benefit retirement plan at the measurement date to reflect the yield of a portfolio of high-quality bonds matched against the timing and amounts of projected future benefit payments. 
 for pension plan assets. The major assumptions used in determining benefit obligations were as follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Discount rate Rate of compensation increases 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 The Company maintains target allocation percentages among various asset categories based on an investment policy designed to achieve long-term objectives of return, while mitigating downside risk and considering expected cash flows. The Company s investment policy is reviewed from time to time to ensure consistency with long-term objectives. 
 Equity securities Debt securities Real estate mutual fund Other Total 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed income securities: Investment grade corporate bonds Government bonds Other types of investments: Multi-asset fund 
 The method of calculation of the fair value of each level of investment is described in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Fixed income securities: Investment grade corporate bonds Other types of investments: Multi-asset fund Total 
 The method of calculation of the fair value of each level of investment is described in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Pension Funding and Payments 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company did contribute to the Pension Plan and does expect to contribute any amounts to the Pension Plan within the next twelve months. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 and , respectively. During April 2024, the Company ceased contributing to its U.S. defined contribution plans. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Restructuring costs 1 
 Startup costs Remediation costs Resolution and plea agreements Other costs 
 1 Restructuring costs represent costs incurred in connection with our site closures and site optimization strategy. See Note 11 Restructuring and Assets Held for Sale for additional information. 

11. 
 and , respectively. 
 Cumberland and Dublin 
 During June 2022, the Company approved and announced a plan to close its facility in Cumberland, Virginia ("Cumberland facility") and to close and relocate its operations in Dublin, Virginia ("Dublin facility") into its other existing facilities, as a part of the Company's restructuring and site optimization plan. The Cumberland facility exit was also a part of the settlement, as further described in Note 16 Contingencies. The Cumberland facility exit was completed in September 2022 and initially met the criteria for assets held for sale as of March 31, 2023. Further, in connection with this conclusion, the Company determined that the carrying value exceeded the fair value of the real property at the Cumberland facility less costs to sell. As a result, an asset impairment charge of was recorded within the RMS reportable segment during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The Cumberland facility was sold in June 2024. The Dublin facility transition was completed in November 2022 and initially met the criteria for assets held for sale as of December 31, 2023. The Dublin facility was sold in March 2024. The operations at both the Cumberland facility and the Dublin facility were within the RMS reporting segment. 
 Gannat, Blackthorn, Spain and RMS St. Louis 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company completed its consultation with employee representatives at the Gannat and Blackthorn facilities and the closures of both facilities were approved. The consolidation of operations at Gannat with the operations in Horst, the Netherlands was completed in June 2023 and initially met the criteria for assets held for sale as of June 30, 2023. The Gannat facility was sold in December 2023. As of June 30, 2023, the real property of the Blackthorn facility initially met the criteria for assets held for sale. The Blackthorn facility sold in February 2024, which the Company leased back until September 2024. As of September 30, 2024 the consolidation of the operations at our Blackthorn, U.K., facility with the operations in Hillcrest, U.K., was completed and the Company is no longer leasing back the facility. In July 2023, the Company decided to close its Spain facility. The exit of the facility in Spain was completed in September 2023 and initially met the criteria for assets held for sale as of September 30, 2023. The facility in Spain was sold in November 2023. The leased RMS St. Louis facility closed in June 2023 and the GEMS operations at the RMS St. Louis 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 in cash, (ii) an excess cash adjustment of , (iii) real property valued at , and (iv) a promissory note receivable in the aggregate amount of . The promissory note bears interest at a rate of per annum, with quarterly payments of interest and principal payments on the first anniversary of the closing date, which we received during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, and at maturity on August 29, 2025. The sale included the Company s ownership in Israel RMS and Israel RMS s ownership interest in Israel CRS. Prior to the sale, the management team owned a non-controlling ownership position in Israel CRS. The gain of on the sale is presented within other income (expense) . The combined (loss) income before taxes of the Israeli Businesses for fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 was . 
 
 12. 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 The increase in right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities in the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the amendment of real estate leases in California, Indiana, and Wisconsin and due to entering into leases at St. Louis University. The increase in right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities in the twelve months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to entering into leases for facilities in Maryland. 
 Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 Short-term lease costs Lease income ) ) 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 facilities. The gross rental income and underlying lease expense are presented net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The gross rent receivables and underlying lease liabilities are presented gross in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Non-cash lease activity: ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company s operating leases as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 were: 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Operating lease Weighted-average discount rate (in percentages) Operating lease 
 Lease duration was determined utilizing renewal options that the Company is reasonably certain to execute. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum future lease payments Less interest ) Total lease liability 
 
 13. 
 preferred shares were outstanding. 
 Warrants 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 per share, are exercisable at any time on or after the Closing Date until September 13, 2034 and were initially recorded at a fair value of . Refer to Note 7 - Debt for further discussion of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Fee Letter. The initial fair value of the Warrants was determined utilizing a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model ("Black-Scholes Model"), which is a form of the income approach. Significant assumptions utilized in the Black-Scholes Model included stock price on September 13, 2024), volatility ), expected term years) which is based on the remaining contractual time to expiration, and the risk free rate ). 
 Open Market Sales Agreement 
 On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies LLC (the Sale Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell up to of the Company s common shares (the "ATM Shares") from time to time in at-the-market offerings, through Jefferies LLC Jefferies ), acting as sales agent. Sales pursuant to the Sale Agreement will be made only upon instructions by the Company to Jefferies, and the Company cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any ATM Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. The Company has not yet sold any ATM Shares as of September 30, 2024. 
 Loss Per Share 
 The Company computes basic loss per share using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.) ) Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders ) ) Denominator: 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding - Basic and Diluted Anti-dilutive common share equivalents (1) 
 
 (1) For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, anti-dilutive common share equivalents are comprised of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, common shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes and common shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, anti-dilutive common share equivalents are comprised of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and common shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes. These common share equivalents were outstanding for the periods presented, but were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share for those periods because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Within the statement of operations, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized as a result of translations of non-functional currencies. In relation to the translation into U.S. dollars, except for defined benefit pension costs of the Pension Plan, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated using the current exchange rate. For those operations, changes in exchange rates generally do not affect cash flows; therefore, resulting translation adjustments are made in shareholders' equity rather than in the consolidated statements of operations. The Pension Plan relates to a U.K. subsidiary, which currently records a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. 
 As a result, income tax effects on the net activity have not been presented related to each component of other comprehensive loss for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 years; and typically expire years from date of grant or days post-termination. In the case of the options issued in relation to the Envigo acquisition, the options expire years from date of grant or year post-termination. 
 RSAs, which are shares granted at cost on the grant date and typically vest over years. With respect to RSAs, recipients do have voting rights on the stock during the vesting period. 
 RSUs, which represent an unsecured promise to grant at cost a set number of shares of common stock upon the completion of the vesting schedule, and typically vest from to years. With respect to RSUs, recipients do not have voting rights on the stock during the vesting period. 
 On March 14, 2024, the Company's shareholders approved the Inotiv, Inc 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2024 Plan"). The 2024 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 1,500,000 of the Company's common shares, plus the number of common shares remaining available for future grants under the Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2018 Plan") as of March 14, 2024. Any common shares subject to an award under the 2024 Plan or 2018 Plan that expires, are forfeited or cancelled, are settled for cash or are exchanged will become available for future awards under the 2024 Plan. Following the shareholders' approval of the 2024 Plan, no further awards will be granted under the 2018 Plan. 
 The Company currently grants equity awards from the 2024 Plan. At September 30, 2024, shares remained available for grants under the 2024 Plan. 
 The Company recognizes expense for all awards subject to graded vesting using the straight-line attribution method. The Company adjusts stock-based compensation expense for forfeitures in the period that a forfeiture occurs. The Company expenses the estimated fair value of stock options over the vesting periods of the grants. 
 Stock-based compensation, before income taxes 6,740 7,844 Provision for income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of income taxes 6,434 7,533 
 stock-based compensation related costs were capitalized in fiscal years 2024 and 2023. 
 Dividend yield Volatility of the expected market price of the Company s common shares Expected life of the options (years) 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 2,392 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 Expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted was and for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal years 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively, with intrinsic value defined as the difference between the market price on the date of exercise and the exercise price. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Outstanding (non-vested) September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted shares was and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of years. The total fair value of the restricted shares granted during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted shares vested during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding (non-vested) September 30, 2024 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of years. The total fair value of the restricted stock units granted during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 15. ) Non-U.S. ) Total loss before income taxes ) ) 

State and local Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) 

Increases (decreases): State and local income taxes, net of Federal tax benefit, if applicable Goodwill ) Impact of foreign operations ) ) Sale of Israeli businesses ) Fines and penalties ) Other ) Valuation allowance changes ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 113 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for credit losses Domestic net operating loss carryforwards Foreign net operating loss carryforwards Foreign tax credit carryforwards Capital loss carryforward Stock compensation expense Business Interest Limitation Lease liabilities Goodwill Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Lease ROU assets ) ) Accreted interest on convertible debt ) ) Basis difference for property and equipment ) ) Basis difference for intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 

and , respectively, and the valuation allowance related to the Company's non-U.S. entities was and , respectively, as the Company does not believe that certain deferred tax assets will be realized in the foreseeable future. Payments made in fiscal years 2024 and 2023 for income taxes, net of refunds, amounted to and , respectively. 
 
 The Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries except the Deemed Repatriated Entities (as defined below) cumulative undistributed earnings, projected as of September 30, 2024, are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. Accordingly, no provision for U.S. federal and state income taxes or withholding taxes has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company s intent regarding repatriation of retained earnings at certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, Envigo RMS Sarl, Envigo RMS GmbH, and Envigo RMS, S.L. (collectively, Deemed Repatriated Entities ), is primarily 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 deferred tax related to these provisions has been recorded as of September 30, 2024. Each of the countries associated to the Deemed Repatriated Entities (France, Germany and Spain) are members to a tax treaty with the United States. As no withholding tax is expected to be incurred upon repatriation, no deferred tax has been recorded as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had domestic net operating loss carryforwards for federal tax purposes of , all of which may be carried forward indefinitely. State and local loss carryforwards totaled approximately . The majority expire from September 30, 2028 through 2044; however, approximately may be carried forward indefinitely, as they relate to states conforming to the provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which allowed for an indefinite carryforward period of losses generated after December 31, 2017. The Company had non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of , which have been fully offset by valuation allowance. These losses may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon regulatory examination based on the technical merits of the position. The amount of the benefit for which an exposure exists is measured as the largest amount of benefit determined on a cumulative probability basis that we believe is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement of the position. As of September 30, 2024, there were no material uncertain tax positions based on any federal or state tax position. In fiscal year 2022, the Company established an uncertain tax position of in accordance with ASC 805-740 to directly offset acquired foreign net operating losses of within the foreign net deferred tax liability. The position was settled during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 The Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal tax examinations for years before 2020 or state and local for years before 2019, with limited exceptions. For federal purposes, the tax attributes carried forward could be adjusted through the examination process and are subject to examination 3 years from the date of utilization. 
 
 16. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 116 

Table of Contents 

 Cambodian government officials, had been criminally charged by the USAO-SDFL with conspiring to illegally import NHPs into the United States from December 2017 through January 2022 and in connection with specific imports between July 2018 and December 2021. One of these Cambodian officials was tried in March 2024 and prevailed on all charges. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

in fines, with payable on each of June 3, 2025, 2026 and 2027, and (plus accrued interest beginning on the sentencing date) payable on June 3, 2028; (ii) on June 3, 2024, pay , split between the Virginia Animal Fighting Taskforce and the Humane Society of the United States in recognition of assistance provided to the U.S. Government s investigation; (iii) on June 3, 2024, pay to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation to fund environmental projects, studies, and initiatives in Cumberland County, Virginia; (iv) expend at least by June 3, 2025, by June 3, 2026, and by June 3, 2027) for improvements to its facilities and personnel related to the welfare of animals; (v) provide a lien to the United States against sufficient Company assets to secure the deferred payments in connection with the fine, which lien will be junior to only the lien provided by the Company to lenders under its credit facility as of April 1, 2024 and additional liens to secure up to of additional debt; (vi) meet specified standards with respect to the health, safety and well-being of animals under the Company s care; (vii) develop, adopt, implement, fund and comply with a comprehensive nationwide compliance plan related to applicable laws; and (viii) the appointment of a Compliance Monitor to review the Company s care of animals and compliance with certain laws, and to pay all associated costs, which Compliance Monitor shall serve for a term that expires after the completion of the selection process for the Compliance Monitor, unless Envigo is released from probation prior to completion of the five-year term, in which case the monitorship term shall expire after the completion of the selection process, or after the completion of probation, whichever is later. In addition, the pleas result in Envigo RMS and EGSI being subject to probation for up to , with the potential to end the term early at a minimum of if the Company complies with the elements of the resolution. 
 For the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has expensed related to the Resolution and Plea Agreements, which is presented within other operating expense in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. In line with the Resolution and Plea Agreements, the Company paid during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and expects to pay an additional over multiple years. Accordingly, the Company has included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and within Changes in operating assets and liabilities accrued expenses and other current liabilities in its Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and the Company has included in other long-term liabilities on its Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and Changes in operating assets and liabilities other assets and liabilities in its Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024. The total charge is reflected in the operating loss of the RMS segment. The charge of is non-deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Further, there were multiple amendments to the Credit Agreement, which, among other changes, permit charges or expenses attributable to or related to the Resolution Agreement and the Plea Agreement to be added back to the Company s Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. The Company expects to have additional cash outlays in connection with certain costs related to the Resolution Agreement, which would be paid over the next three to . The additional cash outlays could include ongoing 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 119 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms adopted by the SEC, including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance (our principal financial officer), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure ("Management"). 
 
 Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, Management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Notwithstanding the conclusion by Management that our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 were not effective, and notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, Management believes that the consolidated financial statements and related financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates presented, and for the periods ended on such dates, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of Management and effected by the Company s board of directors, Management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 a. Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company 
 b. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 c. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment, Management concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective, due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022, Management identified the following material weaknesses in internal controls, which continued to exist as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 a. Management did not design and maintain effective controls over information technology general controls (ITGCs) for applications that are relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements throughout the year ended September 30, 2022, which resulted in ineffective business process controls (automated and IT-dependent manual controls) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all of the financial statement accounts and disclosures. Specifically, management did not design and maintain: sufficient user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs and data to appropriate Company personnel; and program change management controls to ensure that information technology IT program and data changes affecting financial information technology applications and underlying accounting records are authorized, tested, and implemented appropriately. As a result, business process controls (automated and IT-dependent manual controls) that are dependent on the ineffective ITGCs, or that use data produced from systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs were deemed ineffective at September 30, 2022, and were not remediated and therefore remained ineffective at September 30, 2024; and 
 
 b. Management did not have an adequate process in place to design and test the operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner or an adequate process in place to monitor and provide oversight over the completion of its assessment of internal control over financial reporting. As such, we determined that management did not effectively design and implement components of the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO framework) to address all relevant risks of material misstatement, including elements of the control environment, information and communication, control activities and monitoring activities components, relating to: (i) providing sufficient and timely management oversight and ownership over the internal control evaluation process; (ii) hiring and training sufficient personnel to timely support the Company s internal control objectives; and (iii) performing timely monitoring and oversight to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning effectively. As a result, controls relevant to all business processes and related controls (including relevant entity level controls) were deemed ineffective at September 30, 2022, and were not remediated and therefore remained ineffective at September 30, 2024. 
 
 As a result of the material weaknesses described above, the Company s management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. The material weaknesses did not result in any identified misstatements to our consolidated financial statements, and there were no changes to previously released financial results. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and has issued an adverse report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, as set forth in their report in Item 8. 
 
 Remediation of the Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management has updated the design of several controls and modified process designs in an effort to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the control deficiencies that led to the material weaknesses, described above. Management's efforts have resulted in the effective design of ITGCs over the enterprise resource planning system in which the discovery and safety assessment business, as well as certain corporate functions, operate. Additionally, Management effectively designed ITGCs in connection with certain third party hosted applications utilized in connection with certain processes. Management also performed testing over the related ITGCs covering a limited period of fiscal 2024. The material weaknesses related to our ITGCs cannot be considered 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and a sufficient period of time was not achieved for fiscal 2024. 
 
 Furthermore, Management remediated design deficiencies for some business processes and made progress on the design of controls related to other business processes in connection with corporate financial reporting and our discovery and safety assessment business. Management performed testing over the related business processes covering a limited period of fiscal 2024. The material weaknesses related to our business processes over financial reporting cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls, including the ITGCs discussed above, operate for a sufficient period of time and a sufficient period of time was not achieved for fiscal 2024. 
 
 However, there remain several controls and processes related to ITGCs and business processes that management continues to re-assess, including the design of controls and modifying processes to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Management s remediation efforts have included but are not limited to: (i) hiring additional accounting personnel, (ii) hiring key IT personnel with appropriate technical and internal control-related skillsets, and (iii) utilizing an internal team dedicated to oversight of control and process design. Management s ongoing remediation efforts include: (i) improving consistency in ITGCs supported by standard operating procedures to govern the authorization, testing and approval of changes to IT systems supporting all of the Company s internal control processes, including the implementation of certain applications to achieve these operating procedures, (ii) enhancing design and implementation of our control environment, including the expansion of formal accounting and IT policies and procedures, (iii) designing, implementing, reviewing, analyzing, and properly documenting our review and approval controls, as it relates to ITGCs, account reconciliations, journal entries and estimates, and (iv) continuing to provide training to personnel related to ensuring the accuracy and completeness of data used in the performance of the internal controls. 
 
 The material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except for the remediation efforts related to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in the SEC s rules). 
 
 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors, Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and Corporate Governance 
 Any information required by this Item regarding our directors and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act by our officers and directors will be included in the Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Election of Directors and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. The information required by this Item regarding our corporate governance will be included in the Proxy Statement under the section captioned Corporate Governance and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers 
 The information included under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 herein is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 The information required by this Item regarding the audit committee of the Board of Directors and financial experts will be included in the Proxy Statement under the section captioned Committees and Meetings of the Board of Directors and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 We have an governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers, and employees of the Company. The Insider Trading Policy is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations and any applicable listing standards. Our Insider Trading Policy is posted on our website and can be accessed by selecting the Governance link at http://ir.inotiv.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website and can be accessed by selecting the Governance link at http://ir.inotiv.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report. 
 
 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to information in the 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions Compensation of Executive Officers and Non-employee Director Compensation and Benefits. 
 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be included in the 2025 Proxy Statement under the sections captioned Principal Shareholders and Equity Compensation Plan Information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to information in the 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions Family Relationships and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to information in the 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report. 
 1. Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Schedules are not required, are not applicable or the information is shown in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3. Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Number Description of Exhibits (2) 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 21, 2021 among the Company, certain merger subsidiaries of the Company, Envigo RMS Holding Corp. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed September 21, 2021). 
 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 27, 2022, by and among Envigo Global Services, Inc., Inotiv, Inc. and Orient Bio, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). 
 2.3 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 4, 2023, by and among Envigo Global Services, Inc., Inotiv, Inc. and Orient Bio, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2023). 
 2.4 Amendment No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 24, 2024 , b y and among Envigo Global Services, Inc., Inotiv, Inc. and Orient Bio, Inc. filed herewith) 
 2.5 Amendment No. 3 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 23, 2024, by and among Envigo Global Services, Inc., Inotiv, Inc. and Orient Bio, Inc. (filed herewith) 
 (3) 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Inotiv, Inc. as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed November 5, 2021). 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inotiv, Inc., as amended through November 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K filed January 13, 2023). 
 (4) 4.1 Specimen Certificate for Common Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-36429). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2021, among Inotiv, Inc., the guarantor named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed September 27, 2021). 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 4.3 Form of certificate representing the 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed September 27, 2021). 
 4.4 Description of Capital Stock (filed herewith). 
 4.5 Form of Senior Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-266962) filed on August 18, 2022). 
 4.6 Form of Subordinated Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-266962) filed on August 18, 2022). 
 4.7 Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2024, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed September 19, 2024). 
 4.8 Form of Note (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 1 to Annex I to Exhibit 4.7). 
 4.9 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed September 19, 2024). 
 (10) 10.1 Shareholders Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, by and among Inotiv, Inc. and the shareholders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed November 5, 2021). 
 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed November 5, 2021). 
 10.3 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). 
 10.4 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2022, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 5, 2023). 
 10.5 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-K filed January 13, 2023). 
 10.6 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2024). 
 10.7 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2024, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed June 4, 2024). 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 10.8 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of August 7, 2024, by and among Inotiv, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Inotiv, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2024). 
 10.9 Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2024, between the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed September 19, 2024). 
 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated January 27, 2022, between the Company and Robert Leasure, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). 
 10.11 Offer Letter from the Company to Beth A. Taylor, dated February 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed May 14, 2020). 
 10.12 Offer Letter from the Company to John Greg Beattie, dated February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 14, 2021). 
 
 10.13 Offer Letter from the Company to Jeff Krupp, dated December 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Form 10-K filed December 12, 2023). 
 10.14 Offer Letter from the Company to Brennan Freeman, dated June 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-K filed December 12, 2023). 
 10.15 Offer Letter from the Company to Andrea Castetter, dated October 13, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Form 10-K filed December 12, 2023) 
 10.16 Offer Letter from the Company to Adrian Hardy, dated June 4, 2024 (filed herewith). 
 10.17 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and John E. Sagartz, DVM, Ph.D., DACVP, effective October 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018). 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (As amended through January 25, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Definitive Proxy Statement for Inotiv, Inc. s 2022 annual meeting of shareholders filed on February 3, 2022). 
 10.19 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (As amended through January 25, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2022). 
 10.20 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K filed December 26, 2019). 
 10.21 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Form 10-K filed December 26, 2019). 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed January 31, 2022). 
 10.23 Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2024). 
 10.24 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2024). 
 10.25 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employees) under the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2024). 
 10.26 "Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) under the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2024) 
 10.27 Inotiv, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (filed herewith). 
 10.28 Resolution Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2024, among Inotiv, Inc., Envigo RMS, LLC, Envigo Global Services, Inc., the United States Attorney s Office for the Western District of Virginia and the Environmental Crimes Section of the United States Department of Justice, Environment and Natural Resources Division (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 4, 2024). 
 10.29 Plea Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2024, among Envigo RMS, LLC, Envigo Global Services, Inc., the United States Attorney s Office for the Western District of Virginia and the Environmental Crimes Section of the United States Department of Justice, Environment and Natural Resources Division (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed June 4, 2024). 
 10.30 Open Market Sale Agreement by and between Inotiv, Inc. and Jefferies LLC, dated August 9, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K filed August 9, 2024). 
 10.31 Form of Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2024, between the Company and certain investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed September 19, 2024). 
 10.32 Fee Letter, dated as of September 13, 2024, between the Company and Jermyn Street Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed September 19, 2024). 
 10.33 Security Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2024, between the Company and certain of its subsidiaries from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed September 19, 2024). 
 10.34 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2024, between the Company and certain investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed September 19, 2024). 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 (19) 19.1 Insider Trading Policy (filed herewith) 
 (21) 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith). 
 (23) 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ernst Young US LLP (filed herewith). 
 (31) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith) . 
 (32) 32.1 Written Statement of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) (filed herewith). 
 32.2 Written Statement of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) (filed herewith). 
 (97) 
 97.1 Inotiv, Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to Form 10-K filed December 12, 2023). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL). 
 _________________________________ 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 INOTIV, INC. Date: December 4, 2024 
 By: /s/ Robert W. Leasure, Jr. Robert W. Leasure, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Robert W. Leasure, Jr. President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 December 4, 2024 Robert W. Leasure, Jr. (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Beth A. Taylor Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance 
 December 4, 2024 Beth A. Taylor (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Brennan Freeman Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller 
 December 4, 2024 Brennan Freeman (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ R. Matthew Neff Chairman of the Board of Directors December 4, 2024 R. Matthew Neff /s/ Nigel Brown Director December 4, 2024 Nigel Brown, Ph.D. /s/ David Landman Director December 4, 2024 David Landman /s/ Terry Coelho Director December 4, 2024 Terry Coelho /s/ Michael Harrington 
 Director December 4, 2024 Michael Harrington 
 /s/ John E. Sagartz Director December 4, 2024 John E. Sagartz, DVM, Ph.D., DACVP 
 129 

<EX-2.4>
 2
 notv-20240930xex024xobrcse.htm
 EX-2.4

Document 

Exhibit 2.4 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement (the Amendment ), dated as of ______, 2024, is made and entered into on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, by and among Envigo Global Services Inc. Buyer ), Inotiv, Inc. Parent, and together with Buyer, Inotiv ), and Orient Bio, Inc. Seller ). Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein which is defined in that certain Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 27, 2022, by and among Buyer, Parent, and Seller, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 4, 2023, by and among Buyer, Parent, and Seller (the SPA shall have the same meaning assigned to such term in the SPA. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, on or about January 27, 2022, the parties entered into the SPA pursuant to which Inotiv purchased Orient BioResource Center, Inc. (the Company from Seller 
 WHEREAS, Pursuant to Section 7.7 of the Agreement, a Parent Payable in the amount of 3,700,000 is due to Seller at the expiration of the Deferred Payment Period, which is set to conclude on July 27, 2024 
 WHEREAS, all parties hereto wish to extend the Deferred Payment Period by one (1) year, such that the expiration of the Deferred Payment Period will occur on July 27, 2025 and 
 WHEREAS, all parties hereto wish that, beginning on July 27, 2024, the Parent Payable will accrue interest at a rate of 4.6 until the expiration of the Deferred Payment Period on July 27, 2025. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and pursuant to Section 10.12 of the SPA, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. The definition of Deferred Payment Period in the SPA shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 Deferred Payment Period means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is two (2) years after the Expiration Date. 
 2. Beginning on July 27, 2024, the balance of the Parent Payable not yet paid to Seller will accrue interest at a rate of 4.6 per annum until July 27, 2025, when the entire amount of the principal and accrued, unpaid interest of the Parent Payable will be due and payable in full to Seller. 
 3. This Amendment shall become effective on the date that Seller shall have received counterparts to this Amendment, duly executed by Buyer, Parent, and Seller (the Effective Date ). 
 4. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same document. All counterparts will be construed together and constitute the same document. A counterpart signed by a party and transmitted by that party by DocuSign or similar software or email will be binding on that party. 
 5. This Amendment and the SPA constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and verbal, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of any party to the SPA, nor alter, modify, amend, or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants, or agreements contained in the SPA, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 
 C3157223.DOCX 1 1 

6. If any provision of this Amendment is deemed invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and unenforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 Signature page follows . 
 
 C3157223.DOCX 1 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. 
 
 ENVIGO GLOBAL SERVICES INC. 
 
 By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 
 INOTIV, INC. 
 
 By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 
 ORIENT BIO, INC. 
 
 By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 
 C3157223.DOCX 1 3 

</EX-2.4>

<EX-2.5>
 3
 notv-20240930xex025xobrcth.htm
 EX-2.5

Document 

Exhibit 2.4 
 AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment No. 3 to Stock Purchase Agreement (the Amendment ), dated as of ______, 2024, is made and entered into on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, by and among Envigo Global Services Inc. Buyer ), Inotiv, Inc. Parent, and together with Buyer, Inotiv ), and Orient Bio, Inc. Seller ). Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein which is defined in that certain Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 27, 2022, by and among Buyer, Parent, and Seller, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 4, 2023, by and among Buyer, Parent, and Seller, and as further amended by Amendment No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 24, 2024, by and among Buyer, Parent, and Seller (the SPA shall have the same meaning assigned to such term in the SPA. 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, on or about January 27, 2022, the parties entered into the SPA pursuant to which Inotiv purchased Orient BioResource Center, Inc. (the Company from Seller 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 7.7 of the SPA, a Parent Payable in the amount of 3,700,000 is due to Seller at the expiration of the Deferred Payment Period, which is set to conclude on July 27, 2025 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of the date hereof by and between Buyer and Seller set forth on Exhibit A APA ), which will be delivered in connection with this Amendment, Buyer and Seller agree to terminate that certain Contribution agreement among themselves in exchange for 78,000.00 net of withholding taxes, plus Seller will purchase certain assets from Buyer for a 387,000.00. The combined amount of 78,000.00 plus 387,000.00 equals 465,000.00 which will be applied as a dollar-for-dollar reduction to the balance of the Parent Payable not yet paid to Seller 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the transaction contemplated by the APA, all parties hereto wish to extend the Deferred Payment Period such that the expiration of the Deferred Payment Period will occur on January 27, 2026 and 
 WHEREAS, for the avoidance of doubt, all parties hereto wish that the Parent Payable continue to accrue interest at a rate of 4.6 until the expiration of the Deferred Payment Period on January 27, 2026. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and pursuant to Section 10.12 of the SPA, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. The definition of Deferred Payment Period in the SPA shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 Deferred Payment Period means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is four (4) years after the Closing Date, being January 27, 2026. 
 1. The balance of the Parent Payable not yet paid to Seller will continue to accrue interest at a rate of 4.6 per annum until January 27, 2026, when the entire amount of the principal and accrued, unpaid interest of the Parent Payable will be due and payable in full to Seller. 
 2. Immediately upon consummation of the APA, the balance of the Parent Payable not yet paid to Seller will be reduced by 465,000.00. 

3. This Amendment shall become effective on the date that Seller shall have received counterparts to this Amendment, duly executed by Buyer, Parent, and Seller (the Effective Date ). 
 4. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same document. All counterparts will be construed together and constitute the same document. A counterpart signed by a party and transmitted by that party by DocuSign or similar software or email will be binding on that party. 
 5. This Amendment, the SPA and the APA constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and verbal, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of any party to the SPA, nor alter, modify, amend, or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants, or agreements contained in the SPA, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 
 6. If any provision of this Amendment is deemed invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and unenforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 Signature page follows . 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. 
 
 ENVIGO GLOBAL SERVICES INC. 
 
 By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 
 INOTIV, INC. 
 
 By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 
 ORIENT BIO, INC. 
 
 By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 

</EX-2.5>

<EX-4.4>
 4
 notv-20240930xex044xdescri.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

Exhibit 4.4 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The authorized capital stock of Inotiv, Inc. we, our, us, or the Company consists of 74,000,000 common shares and 1,000,000 preferred shares. 
 The following summary of the terms of our capital stock does not purport to be complete, may have changed since the date of filing and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our second amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended (our Articles of Incorporation ), and third amended and restated bylaws, as amended (our Bylaws ), both of which are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC as exhibits to previous filings, and the applicable provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law (the IBCL ), in all cases as may be amended from time to time. 
 Common Shares 
 Voting Rights 
 Each outstanding common share is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. There is no cumulative voting. At any meeting of shareholders, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on a matter by the holders of the common shares at the meeting constitutes a quorum. If a quorum is present when a vote is taken, action on a matter is approved if the votes cast in favor of the action exceed the votes cast in opposition to the action, unless a greater number is required by law, our articles of incorporation, or our bylaws. 
 Dividend and Liquidation Rights 
 The holders of outstanding common shares are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends at the times and in the amounts as our board of directors may from time to time determine. The common shares are neither redeemable nor convertible. Holders of our common shares have no preemptive or subscription rights to purchase any of our securities. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common shares are entitled to receive, pro rata, our assets which are legally available for distribution, after payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of preferred shares then outstanding. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common shares are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of our outstanding preferred shares and any series of preferred shares that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common shares is Computershare Limited. 
 Listing 
 
 Our common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NOTV . 
 Preferred Shares 
 Under the terms of our Articles of Incorporation, our board of directors is authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 of our preferred shares in one or more series without shareholder approval. Our board of directors has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred shares. It is not possible to otherwise state the actual effect of the issuance of any preferred shares upon the rights of the holders of common shares until the board of directors determines the specific rights of the holders of such preferred shares. However, effects of the issuance of preferred shares may include restricting dividends on common shares, diluting the voting power of common shares, impairing the liquidation rights of common shares, and making it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, which could have the effect of discouraging a third party from acquiring, or deterring a third party from paying a premium to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting shares. 
 Certain Provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law 
 As an Indiana corporation, we are governed by the IBCL. Under specified circumstances, the following provisions of the IBCL may delay, prevent or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control of us. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which shareholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interest. 
 Control Share Acquisition 
 Under Chapter 42 of the IBCL, an acquiring person or group who makes a control share acquisition in an issuing public corporation may not exercise voting rights on any control shares unless these voting rights are conferred by a majority vote of the disinterested shareholders of the issuing public corporation at a special meeting of those shareholders held upon the request and at the expense of the acquiring person. If control shares acquired in a control share acquisition are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of all voting power, all shareholders of the issuing public corporation have dissenters rights to receive the fair value of their shares pursuant to Chapter 44 of the IBCL. 
 2 

Under the IBCL, control shares are shares acquired by a person that, when added to all other shares of the issuing public corporation owned by that person or in respect to which that person may exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would otherwise entitle that person to exercise voting power of the issuing public corporation in the election of directors within any of the following ranges 

one-fifth or more but less than one-third 

one-third or more but less than the majority or 

a majority or more. 

A control share acquisition means, subject to specified exceptions, the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares. For the purposes of determining whether an acquisition constitutes a control share acquisition, shares acquired within 90 days or under a plan to make a control share acquisition are considered to have been acquired in the same acquisition. 
 An issuing public corporation means a corporation which has (i) 100 or more shareholders, (ii) its principal place of business or its principal office in Indiana, or that owns or controls assets within Indiana having a fair market value of greater than 1,000,000, and (iii) (A) more than 10 of its shareholders resident in Indiana, (B) more than 10 of its shares owned of record or owned beneficially by Indiana residents, or (C) 1,000 shareholders resident in Indiana. 
 The provisions described above do not apply if, before a control share acquisition is made, the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws, including a bylaw adopted by the corporation s board of directors, provide that they do not apply. Our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws do not exclude us from Chapter 42. 
 Certain Business Combinations 
 Chapter 43 of the IBCL restricts the ability of a resident domestic corporation to engage in any combinations with an interested shareholder for five years after the date the interested shareholder became such, unless the combination or the purchase of shares by the interested shareholder on the interested shareholder s date of acquiring shares is approved by the board of directors of the resident domestic corporation before that date. If the combination was not previously approved, then the interested shareholder may effect a combination after the five-year period only if that shareholder receives approval from a majority of the disinterested shareholders or the offer meets specified fair price criteria. 
 3 

For purposes of the above provisions, resident domestic corporation means an Indiana corporation that has 100 or more shareholders. Interested shareholder means any person, other than the resident domestic corporation or its subsidiaries, who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the resident domestic corporation or (2) an affiliate or associate of the resident domestic corporation, which at any time within the five-year period immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the resident domestic corporation. 
 The definition of beneficial owner for purposes of Chapter 43 means a person who, directly or indirectly, owns the subject shares, has the right to acquire or vote the subject shares (excluding voting rights under revocable proxies made in accordance with federal law), has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding or voting or disposing of the subject shares, or holds any derivative instrument that includes the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase in the value of the subject shares. 
 The above provisions do not apply to corporations that elect not to be subject to Chapter 43 in an amendment to their articles of incorporation approved by a majority of the disinterested shareholders. That amendment, however, cannot become effective until 18 months after its passage and would apply only to share acquisitions occurring after its effective date. Our Articles of Incorporation do not exclude us from Chapter 43. 
 Directors Duties and Liability 
 Under Chapter 35 of the IBCL, directors are required to discharge their duties 

in good faith 

with the care an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise under similar circumstances and 

in a manner the directors reasonably believe to be in the best interests of the corporation. 
 
 Under the IBCL, a director is not liable for any action taken as a director, or any failure to act, regardless of the nature of the alleged breach of duty (including breaches of the duty of care, the duty of loyalty, and the duty of good faith) unless the director has breached or failed to perform the duties of the director s office and the action or failure to act constitutes willful misconduct or recklessness. This exculpation from liability under the IBCL does not affect the liability of directors for violations of the federal securities laws. 
 4 

Consideration of Effects on Other Constituents 
 Chapter 35 of the IBCL also provides that a board of directors, in discharging its duties, may consider, in its discretion, both the long-term and short-term best interests of the corporation, taking into account, and weighing as the directors deem appropriate, the effects of an action on the corporation s shareholders, employees, suppliers and customers and the communities in which offices or other facilities of the corporation are located and any other factors the directors consider pertinent. Directors are not required to consider the effects of a proposed corporate action on any particular corporate constituent group or interest as a dominant or controlling factor. If a determination is made with the approval of a majority of the disinterested directors of the board of directors, that determination is conclusively presumed to be valid unless it can be demonstrated that the determination was not made in good faith after reasonable investigation. 
 Chapter 35 specifically provides that specified judicial decisions in Delaware and other jurisdictions, which might be looked upon for guidance in interpreting Indiana law, including decisions that propose a higher or different degree of scrutiny in response to a proposed acquisition of the corporation, are inconsistent with the proper application of the business judgment rule under that section. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 Under Section 23-1-33-6(c) of the IBCL, a corporation with a class of voting shares registered with the SEC under Section 12 of the Exchange Act must have a classified board of directors unless the corporation adopts a bylaw expressly electing not to be governed by this provision. While our Bylaws provide that Section 23-1-33-6(c) does not apply to us, our Bylaws also provide that our directors shall be divided into three classes as nearly equal in number as possible, with directors in each class elected for three-year terms. Our board of directors is divided into three classes Class I, Class II and Class III, each class having a staggered term of three years. Each year the term of office of one class expires. 
 Indemnification 
 Chapter 37 of the IBCL authorizes every Indiana corporation to indemnify its officers and directors under certain circumstances against liability incurred in connection with proceedings to which the officers or directors are made a party by reason of their relationship to the corporation. Officers and directors may be indemnified where they have acted in good faith, and in the case of official action, they reasonably believed the conduct was in the corporation s best interests, and in all other cases, they reasonably believed the action taken was not against the best interests of the corporation, and in the case of criminal proceedings they had reasonable cause to believe the action was lawful or there was no reasonable cause to believe the action was unlawful. Chapter 37 of the IBCL also requires every Indiana corporation to indemnify any of its officers or 
 5 

directors (unless limited by the articles of incorporation of the corporation) who were wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any such proceeding against reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the proceeding. A corporation may also, under certain circumstances, pay for or reimburse the reasonable expenses incurred by an officer or director who is a party to a proceeding in advance of final disposition of the proceeding. Chapter 37 of the IBCL states that the indemnification provided for therein is not exclusive of any other rights to which a person may be entitled under the articles of incorporation, bylaws or resolutions of the board of directors or shareholders. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation provide for indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by the IBCL, of our directors, officers, employees and agents against liability and reasonable expenses that may be incurred by them in connection with proceedings in which they are made a party by reason of their relationship to the company. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Articles of Incorporation and Our Bylaws 
 Our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the board of directors and which may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a future takeover or change in control of the company unless such takeover or change in control is approved by the board of directors. 
 These provisions include 
 Classified Board 
 Our governing documents provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors, with the classes as nearly equal in number as possible. As a result, approximately one-third of our board of directors will be elected each year. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board. Our second amended and restated bylaws, as amended, also provide that the number of directors will be fixed exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by our board of directors. 
 Advance Notice Procedures 
 Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for proposed shareholder nominations of persons for election to the board of directors. Shareholders at an annual meeting are only able to 
 6 

consider nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors or by a shareholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice and on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and who has given our Secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of the shareholder s nomination. Although our Bylaws do not give the board of directors the power to approve or disapprove shareholder nominations of candidates, they may have the effect of precluding a shareholder nomination if the proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the company. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 Our authorized but unissued common shares and preferred shares are available for future issuance without shareholder approval. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued common shares and preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of our common shares by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 7 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.16>
 5
 notv-20240930xex1016xadria.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

June 4, 2024 
 
 Dear Adrian 
 
 This letter is to confirm our previous conversation on your promotion to Chief Commercial Officer and is a follow-up to the Board s approval to increase your base salary and include you as Section 16 Officer on June 4, 2024. 
 
 The changes to your compensation effective June 4, 2024 are as follows. 
 
 Compensation Changes 
 
 Title Chief Commercial Officer 
 Base Salary 378,000.22 paid biweekly in the gross amount of 14,538.47. 
 Incentives You are eligible to participate in the company s annual Discretionary Incentive Program, which is tied to company performance metrics and individual performance achievements and payable in cash, equity, or a combination of both. 
 In addition, you are eligible to participate in Inotiv s Executive CIC Severance Plan. Kelly Duncan, VP of Global and Executive Compensation, will be sending you the plan details and your participation letter in the next few days. 
 Your benefits and PTO will remain as agreed upon in your current position. 
 
 Thank you for again for all you do! 
 
 s Robert W. Leasure, Jr. Robert W. Leasure, Jr. Date June 4, 2024 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.27>
 6
 notv-20240930xex1027xexecu.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

Exhibit 10.27 
 INOTIV, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PLAN 
 ARTICLE I PURPOSE 
 This Executive Change in Control Severance Plan has been established by Inotiv, Inc. (the Company on January 25, 2022 (the Effective Date to provide Participants the opportunity to receive severance protection in connection with a Change in Control of the Company. The purpose of the Plan is to ensure the present and future continuity, objectivity, and dedication of management in the event of a Change in Control. The Plan is intended to be a top hat welfare benefit plan under ERISA. 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in ARTICLE II. 
 ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS 
 ACA has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03. 
 Administrator means the Compensation Committee of the Board or any committee thereof duly authorized by the Board to administer the Plan. 
 Applicable Severance Multiplier means 
 (a) three (3) for any Participant who is the chief executive officer of the Company Tier I 
 (b) two (2) for any Participant who is a key executive of the Company other than the chief executive officer and approved by the Administrator Tier II and 
 (b) one and a half (1.5) for any Participant who is a key executive of the Company other than the chief executive officer or a Tier II Participant and approved by the Administrator Tier III ). 
 Beneficial Owner has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. The term Beneficial Ownership has a corresponding meaning. 
 Benefit Continuation has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03. 
 Benefit Continuation Period means the shorter of the following 
 (a) the eighteen (18)-month period beginning on the first day of the month immediately following the date on which the Qualifying Termination occurs and 

(b) the period beginning on the first day of the month immediately following the date on which the Qualifying Termination occurs and ending on the date the Participant is no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage. 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Cause shall have the meaning set forth in an employment or consulting agreement between a Participant and the Company (or other applicable employer), or, if no such agreement exists, or if such agreement does not define Cause, Cause shall mean 
 (a) the refusal or neglect of the Participant to perform substantially his or her Services 
 (b) the Participant s personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct or breach of fiduciary duty 
 (c) the Participant s indictment for, conviction of or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime constituting a felony or his or her willful violation of any applicable law (other than a traffic violation or other offense or violation outside of the course of the provision of Services which in no way adversely affects the Company and its Subsidiaries or their reputation or the ability of the Participant to perform Services or to represent the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in the performance of such Services) 
 (d) the Participant s failure to reasonably cooperate, following a request to do so by the Company, in any internal or governmental investigation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or 
 (e) the Participant s material breach of any written covenant or agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Change in Control means the occurrence of any one of the following events 
 (a) any Person becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing a majority of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities (assuming conversion of all outstanding non-voting securities into voting securities and the exercise of all outstanding options or other convertible securities) 
 (b) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent, either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof, a majority of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding 
 2 

immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing a majority of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities or 
 (c) the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity a majority of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which is owned by substantially all of the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such sale in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. 
 Notwithstanding any other Plan provision to the contrary, to the extent a benefit payable under the Plan is subject to Code Section 409A, an occurrence shall not constitute a Change in Control if it does not constitute a change in the ownership or effective control, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets, of the Company or another allowable acceleration event under Code Section 409A and its interpretive regulations. 
 COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Company means Inotiv, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and any successor thereto. 
 Company s Business shall mean the business in which the Company Group is engaged or proposes to engage as of the time of determination provided that, in the event of a Qualifying Termination, such time of determination shall be the effective date of such Qualifying Termination. 
 Company Group means the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective successors. 
 Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 Competitor means any Person that engages in a business that is the same as, similar to, or in competition with the Company s Business as determined by the Board in good faith. 
 Covered Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01. 
 Covered Period means the period of time beginning on the first occurrence of a Change in Control and lasting through the two-year anniversary of the occurrence of the Change in Control. 
 3 

Cutback Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01. 
 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in ARTICLE I. 
 Eligible Employee means an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company as described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-1(h) who is selected by the Compensation Committee. Eligible Employees shall be limited to a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3), and 401(a)(1). 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excise Tax has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01. 
 Good Reason means 
 (a) a material diminution in the Participant s title, duties, and responsibilities (other than temporarily while the Participant is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law) 
 (b) a material reduction in the Participant s base salary, other than a general reduction in base salary that affects all similarly situated executives in substantially the same proportions 
 (c) a material reduction in the Participant s target annual bonus opportunity or 
 (d) a relocation of the Participant s principal place of employment by more than 50 miles. 
 The Participant cannot terminate his or her employment for Good Reason unless he or she has provided written notice to the Company of the existence of the circumstances providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within 60 days after the initial existence of such grounds and the Company has had at least 45 days from the date on which such notice is received to cure such circumstances, if curable. If the Participant does not terminate his or her employment for Good Reason within 120 days after the first occurrence of the applicable grounds, then the Participant will be deemed to have waived his or her right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds. 
 Parachute Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01. 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01. 
 Person has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. 
 4 

Plan means this Inotiv, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan, as it may be amended and or restated from time to time. 
 Pro-Rata Bonus has the meaning set forth in Section 4.02. 
 Qualifying Termination means the termination of a Participant s employment during the Covered Period either 
 (a) by the Company without Cause or 
 (b) by the Participant for Good Reason. 
 Release has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(c). 
 Restricted Area means, because the market for the Company s Business is global, or has the potential of being global, and is not dependent upon the physical location or presence of the Company, the Participant, or any individual or entity that may be in violation of this Plan, the broadest geographic region enforceable by law (excluding any location where this type of restriction is prohibited by law) as follows (a) everywhere in the world that has access to the Company s Business because of the availability of the Internet (b) everywhere in the world that the Participant has the ability to compete with the Company s Business through the Internet (c) each state, commonwealth, territory, province and other political subdivision located in North America (d) each state, commonwealth, territory and other political subdivision of the United States of America (e) Indiana and any state in which the Participant has performed any services for the Company Group (f) any geographical area in which the Company Group has performed any services or sold any products (g) any geographical area in which the Company Group has engaged in the Company s Business, which has resulted in aggregate sales revenues of at least 25,000 during any year in the five (5) year period immediately preceding the commencement of the Restricted Period (h) any state or other jurisdiction where the Company Group had an office at any time during the Participant s employment by the Company Group (i) within one hundred (100) miles of any location in which the Company Group had an office at any time during the Participant s employment by the Company Group and (j) within one hundred (100) miles of any location in which the Participant provided services for the Company Group. 
 Restricted Period means the period of Participant s employment by the Company Group plus a period of twelve (12) months from and after the effective date of a Qualifying Termination. In the event of a breach of this Plan by the Participant, the Restricted Period will be extended automatically by the period of the breach. 
 Services means the provision of personal services to an Employer by an Eligible Employee. 
 Severance has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01. 
 Specified Employee Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13(b). 
 5 

Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the ownership interests. 
 ARTICLE III PARTICIPATION 
 Section 3.01 Participants. The Administrator shall designate and provide written notice to each Eligible Employee chosen by the Administrator to participate in the Plan (each, a Participant ). 
 ARTICLE IV SEVERANCE 
 If a Participant has a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to ARTICLE VI and Section 10.13, the Company will provide the Participant with the payments and benefits described in this ARTICLE IV. 
 Section 4.01 Cash Severance. The Company shall pay cash severance Severance in an amount equal to the product of (a) the Participant s Applicable Severance Multiplier and (b) the sum of (i) the Participant s annual base salary in effect on the effective date of the Qualifying Termination, plus (ii) the Participant s target annual cash bonus for the year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs. Subject to ARTICLE VI and Section 10.13, Severance shall be paid in a single lump sum payment on the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Qualifying Termination. 
 Section 4.02 Pro-Rata Bonus. The Company shall pay a prorated annual bonus Pro-Rata Bonus equal to the product of (a) the annual bonus that the Participant would have earned for the entire year in which the Qualifying Termination or the Change in Control, as applicable, occurs based on target performance, and (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Participant was employed by the Company during the applicable year and the denominator of which is the number of days in such year. Subject to ARTICLE VI and Section 10.13, the Pro-Rata Bonus will be paid in a single lump sum payment on the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Qualifying Termination. 
 Section 4.03 Benefit Continuation. During the Participant s Benefit Continuation Period, the Company shall facilitate continued participation for the Participant and his or her eligible dependents in the Company s group health and welfare plans, subject to any eligibility and other requirements under the governing plan terms and applicable law, at the participation and coverage levels, on the terms, and at the cost in effect on the effective date of the Qualifying Termination (unless otherwise required under COBRA) Benefit Continuation ). Benefit Continuation shall be provided concurrently with any health care benefit required under COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company s provision of Benefit Continuation payments under this Section 4.03 would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to group health plans, or would result in the imposition of penalties under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (the ACA ), the 
 6 

Company shall reform this Section 4.03 in a manner as is necessary to comply with the Code and or the ACA. 
 Section 4.04 Outplacement. The Company shall provide the Participant with access to outplacement services for up to 12 months after the Qualifying Termination, at a total cost not to exceed 50,000. The Company shall select the outplacement firm and remit payment for the outplacement services directly to the outplacement firm. 
 ARTICLE V EQUITY AWARDS 
 Section 5.01 Equity Awards. In the event of a Change in Control, the following provisions shall apply to the Company equity plan(s) and a Participant s outstanding equity awards thereunder 
 (a) upon the consummation of a Change in Control in which the surviving or successor entity does not assume or replace outstanding unvested equity awards issued by the Company and held by a Participant at the time of the Change in Control, such awards shall become immediately and fully vested and 
 (b) upon a Participant s Qualifying Termination, any outstanding unvested awards held by the Participant shall become immediately and fully vested. 
 If any such awards are performance share units or other performance-based awards, such awards shall vest and become payable based on the greater of (i) assumed target performance, or (ii) actual performance through the date of vesting (if determinable). 
 ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS 
 Section 6.01 Conditions. A Participant s entitlement to any severance benefits under ARTICLE IV and ARTICLE V will be subject to 
 (a) the Participant experiencing a Qualifying Termination 
 (b) with respect to Benefit Continuation only, the Participant timely and properly electing continuation coverage under COBRA 
 (c) the Participant executing a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the Release and such Release becoming effective and irrevocable within 40 days after the Participant s Qualifying Termination and 
 (d) the Participant complying with all restrictive covenants to which he or she is subject under any agreement with or policy of the Company and, to the extent applicable, the covenants in Section 6.02 of this Plan. 
 7 

Section 6.02 If and to the extent a Participant is not subject to an agreement with or policy of the Company containing restrictive covenants, then the following provisions shall apply. 
 (a) Confidential Information Inventions Code of Conduct. 
 (i) The Participant recognizes and acknowledges that the Participant shall receive in the course of employment with the Company certain confidential information and trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Company Group that may be of great value to the Company Group. The Participant therefore agrees not to disclose any such information relating to the Company Group, the Company Group s personnel or their operations other than as may be required in the course of the Participant s duties as an officer or employee of the Company Group or in any way use such information in any manner which could adversely affect the Company Group s business. The terms trade secrets and confidential information shall include any and all information concerning the business and affairs of the Company Group and any division or other affiliate of the Company Group that is not generally available to the public. The Company may, formally or informally, establish, adopt, implement or utilize procedures or actions that are designed to monitor or protect the Company Group s confidential information. The Participant, by participating in the Plan, irrevocably consents, without the right to receive further notice, to any or all of these procedures or actions that may be established, adopted, implemented, utilized or enforced by the Company Group. The Company Group shall have the right to establish, adopt, implement, utilize or enforce these procedures at any time during the Participant s employment with Company Group and during any period in which any restrictive covenants contained in this provision are facially or legally applicable. The Participant expressly waives the right to challenge the enforceability of any of these procedures in any legal action seeking to enforce the Participant s rights under the Plan. 
 (ii) The Participant shall abide by all the terms and conditions of the Company s Code of Conduct and Ethics. 
 (b) Non-Competition. 
 (i) The Participant agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Company, during the Restricted Period and within the Restricted Area, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, (A) perform on behalf of any Competitor the same or similar services as those that the Participant performed for the Company during the Participant s employment by the Company, or (B) engage in, own, manage, operate, join, control, tender money or other assistance to, or participate in or be connected with (as an officer, director, member, manager, partner, shareholder, consultant, participant, agent, or otherwise), any Competitor. For these purposes, the mere ownership by the Participant of securities of a public company not in excess of 2 of any class of 
 8 

such securities shall not be considered to be competition with the Company Group. 
 (ii) During any period when the Company is providing severance compensation to the Participant, the Participant agrees to refrain from any competition with Company Group. 
 (iii) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, during the Restricted Period, the Participant, whether on behalf of any Competitor or otherwise, in any capacity, shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit or obtain any business from any present customer of the Company Group with whom the Participant had contact or about whom the Participant received information from the Company Group. The term present customer means any entity with whom the Company Group had an ongoing business relationship at the time of a Qualified Termination. An ongoing business relationship (specifically excluding non-competing vendor relationships) is generally understood and agreed to mean (A) services or goods were provided by the Company Group to the entity during the Participant s service with the Company (B) services or goods had been contracted for or ordered by the entity during the Participant s service with the Company or (C) negotiations were in progress between the entity and the Company Group for the providing of goods or services by the Company Group to the entity at the time of the cessation of the Participant s service with the Company. Past customers and prospective customers are not present customers under this provision. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation. The Participant agrees that, during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly employ or retain, or have or cause any other person or entity to employ or retain, any person who was employed by the Company Group or any of its divisions or affiliates while the Participant was in the service of the Company, or directly or indirectly solicit or encourage any such person for employment or to leave the employ of the Company Group. 
 (d) Non-Disparagement. The Participant shall not at any time disparage any member of the Company Group or any employee or agent of any member of the Company Group. 
 Section 6.03 Forfeiture or Cancellation . If a Participant does not satisfy the conditions described in Sections 6.01 and 6.02, the Participant shall forfeit his or her right to receive any severance benefits under the Plan. If payments under the Plan have been made or benefits have been provided, all payments and benefits shall cease immediately and repayment of payments and benefits already provided shall be required from the Participant unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. The Administrator also has the right and authority to seek other equitable relief and any monetary damages. 
 9 

ARTICLE VII MITIGATION OF EXCISE TAXES 
 Section 7.01 Reduction. If any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to a Participant or for a Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of the Plan or otherwise, including accelerated vesting of any equity compensation (all such payments and or benefits hereinafter, Covered Payments would constitute parachute payments Parachute Payments within the meaning of Code Section 280G and would, but for this ARTICLE VII, be subject to the excise tax imposed under Code Section 4999 (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax ), then the Covered Payments shall be either 
 (a) provided to the Participant in full or 
 (b) provided to the Participant to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such Covered Payments being subject to the Excise Tax, further reduced by 5,000 (including such further reduction, the Cutback Amount ), whichever of the foregoing amounts, when taking into account applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and employment taxes, such excise tax and other applicable taxes (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rates), results in the receipt by the Participant, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the Covered Payments, notwithstanding that all or a portion of such Covered Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. 
 Section 7.02 Order of Reduction. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting Parachute Payments is necessary so the Covered Payments equal the Cutback Amount, reduction shall occur in the following order 
 (a) the Covered Payments that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A shall be reduced first and 
 (b) all other Covered Payments shall then be reduced as follows (i) cash payments shall be reduced before non-cash payments and (ii) payments to be made on a later payment date shall be reduced before payments to be made on an earlier payment date. 
 To the extent that the plan or agreement under which such Covered Payments were granted provides procedures for reduction, such procedures shall be applied to the extent the Company deems applicable and appropriate under the circumstances. 
 Section 7.03 Determinations. The Company shall appoint an independent public accounting firm to make the determinations required under this ARTICLE VII and perform the foregoing calculations. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting firm required to be made hereunder. The accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and the Participant within a specified timeframe after the date on 
 10 

which the right to a Covered Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or Participant). Any good faith determinations made by the accounting firm shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and the Participant. 
 ARTICLE VIII CLAIMS PROCEDURES 
 Section 8.01 Initial Claim. A Participant who believes he or she is entitled to a payment under the Plan that has not been received may submit a written claim for benefits to the Administrator within 60 days after the Participant s Qualifying Termination. Claims should be addressed and sent to the Administrator at the Company s headquarters address. 
 If the Participant s claim is denied, in whole or in part, the Participant will be provided written notice of the denial within 90 days after the Administrator s receipt of the Participant s written claim, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, in which case a period not to exceed 180 days will apply. If such an extension of time is required, written notice of the extension will be provided to the Participant before the end of the initial 90-day period and will describe the special circumstances requiring the extension and provide the date on which a decision is expected to be rendered. Written notice of the denial of the Participant s claim will contain the following information 
 (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial of the Participant s claim 
 (b) references to the specific Plan provisions on which the denial of the Participant s claim was based 
 (c) a description of any additional information or material required by the Administrator to reconsider the Participant s claim (to the extent applicable) and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary and 
 (d) a description of the Plan s review procedures and time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the Participant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following a benefit claim denial on review. 
 Section 8.02 Appeal of Denied Claim. If the Participant s claim is denied and he or she wishes to submit a request for a review of the denied claim, the Participant or his or her authorized representative must follow the procedures described below 
 (a) Upon receipt of the denied claim, the Participant (or his or her authorized representative) may file a request for review of the claim in writing with the Administrator. This request for review must be filed no later than 60 days after the Participant has received written notification of the denial. 
 (b) The Participant has the right to submit in writing to the Administrator any comments, documents, records or other information relating to his or her claim for benefits. 
 11 

(c) The Participant has the right to be provided, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all pertinent documents, records and other information that is relevant to his or her claim for benefits. 
 (d) The review of the denied claim will take into account all comments, documents, records and other information that the Participant submitted relating to his or her claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial denial of his or her claim. 
 Section 8.03 Administrator s Response to Appeal. The Administrator will provide the Participant written notice of its decision within 60 days after the Administrator s receipt of the Participant s written claim for review. There may be special circumstances that require an extension of this 60-day period. In such a case, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing within the 60-day period and the final decision will be made no later than 120 days after the Administrator s receipt of the Participant s written claim for review. The Administrator s decision on the Participant s claim for review will be communicated to the Participant in writing, will be final and binding upon the parties, and will contain the following information 
 (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial of the Participant s claim 
 (b) references to the specific Plan provisions on which the denial of the Participant s claim was based 
 (c) a statement that the Participant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, the Plan and all documents, records and other information relevant to his or her claim for benefits and 
 (d) a statement describing the Participant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following the benefit claim denial on review. 
 Section 8.04 Exhaustion of Administrative Remedies. The exhaustion of these claims procedures is mandatory for resolving every claim and dispute arising under the Plan. As to such claims and disputes 
 (a) no claimant shall be permitted to commence any legal action to recover benefits or to enforce or clarify rights under the Plan under ERISA Section 502 or 510 or under any other provision of law, whether or not statutory, until these claims procedures have been exhausted in their entirety and 
 (b) in any such legal action, all explicit and implicit determinations by the Administrator (including, but not limited to, determinations as to whether the claim, or a request for a review of a denied claim, was timely filed) shall be afforded the maximum deference permitted by law. 
 Section 8.05 Fees and Expenses. In addition to all other amounts payable under the Plan, the Company will pay all legal fees and expenses incurred by a Participant in connection 
 12 

with any dispute arising out of or relating to the Plan or the interpretation thereof (including, without limitation, all such fees and expenses, if any, incurred in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided by the Plan), regardless of the outcome of such proceeding provided, however, that a Participant will not be entitled to recover such fees and expenses if the court determines that the Participant s claim was brought in bad faith or was frivolous. Any attorneys fees incurred by a Participant with respect to such a dispute shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action or challenge, as such fees and expenses are incurred, and the Participant agrees to repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined by the court that the Participant s claim was brought in bad faith or was frivolous. 
 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 Section 9.01 Administration. The Administrator has the exclusive right, power and authority, in its sole and absolute discretion, to administer and interpret the Plan. The Administrator has all powers reasonably necessary to carry out its responsibilities under the Plan, including (but not limited to) the sole and absolute discretionary authority to 
 (a) administer the Plan according to its terms and to interpret Plan policies and procedures 
 (b) resolve and clarify inconsistencies, ambiguities and omissions in the Plan and among and between the Plan and other related documents 
 (c) take all actions and make all decisions regarding questions of eligibility and entitlement to benefits and benefit amounts 
 (d) make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan 
 (e) process and approve or deny all claims for benefits and 
 (f) decide or resolve any and all questions, including benefit entitlement determinations and interpretations of the Plan, as may arise in connection with the Plan. 
 The decision of the Administrator on any disputes arising under the Plan, including (but not limited to) questions of construction, interpretation, and administration, shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all persons having an interest in or under the Plan. Any determination made by the Administrator shall be given deference in the event the determination is subject to judicial review and shall be overturned by a court of law only if it is arbitrary and capricious. 
 Section 9.02 Amendment and Termination. The Company may amend the Plan from time to time, and may discontinue or terminate the Plan at any time provided, however, that no amendment or termination action taken before, upon or after a Change in Control may be effective before the second anniversary of the date on which such action is taken unless such action is favorable to the Participants. No amendment, discontinuation or termination of the Plan 
 13 

shall diminish the value of any amounts due and owing any Participant under Articles IV and V of the Plan or any other provision of the Plan without the Participant s written consent. Amendments may be made without shareholder approval, except as required to satisfy applicable laws or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market on which the Company s common shares are listed or traded. 
 ARTICLE X GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Section 10.01 At-Will Employment. The Plan does not alter the status of each Participant as an at-will employee of the Company. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to give any Participant the right to remain employed by the Company or to interfere with the rights of the Company to terminate the employment of any Participant at any time, with or without Cause. 
 Section 10.02 Effect on Other Plans, Agreements and Benefits. 
 (a) Any severance benefits payable to a Participant under the Plan will be (i) reduced by any severance benefits to which the Participant would otherwise be entitled under any general severance policy or severance plan maintained by the Company or any agreement between the Participant and the Company that provides for severance benefits (unless the policy, plan, or agreement expressly provides for severance benefits to be in addition to those provided under the Plan) and (ii) reduced by any severance benefits to which the Participant is entitled by operation of a statute or government regulations. 
 (b) Any severance benefits payable to a Participant under the Plan will not be counted as compensation for purposes of determining benefits under any other benefit plan or policy of the Company, except to the extent expressly provided therein. 
 Section 10.03 Mitigation and Offset. If a Participant obtains other employment, such other employment will not affect the Participant s rights or the Company s obligations under the Plan. The Company may reduce the amount of any severance benefits otherwise payable to or on behalf of a Participant by the amount of any obligation of the Participant to the Company, and the Participant shall be deemed to have consented to such reduction. 
 Section 10.04 Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan. If any provision of the Plan is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified, amended and narrowed to the extent necessary to render such provision legal, valid and enforceable, and the other remaining provisions of the Plan shall not be affected but shall remain in full force and effect. 
 Section 10.05 Headings and Subheadings. Headings and subheadings contained in the Plan are intended solely for convenience and no provision of the Plan is to be construed by reference to the heading or subheading of any section or paragraph. 
 14 

Section 10.06 Unfunded Obligations. The amounts to be paid to Participants under the Plan are unfunded obligations of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. Participants shall not have any preference or security interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 
 Section 10.07 Successors. The Plan will be binding upon any successor to the Company, its assets, its businesses or its interest (whether as a result of the occurrence of a Change in Control or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under the Plan if no succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor would not by the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by the Plan, the Company shall require any successor to the Company to expressly and unconditionally assume the Plan in writing and honor the obligations of the Company hereunder, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place. All payments and benefits that become due to a Participant under the Plan will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, assigns, designees or legal representatives. 
 Section 10.08 Transfer and Assignment. Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey any amounts payable under the Plan prior to the date that such amounts are paid, except that, in the case of a Participant s death, such amounts shall be paid to the Participant s beneficiaries. 
 Section 10.09 Waiver. Any party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of the Plan will not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent any party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of the Plan. 
 Section 10.10 Governing Law. Except to the extent preempted by United States federal law or as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Plan and all awards under the Plan shall be interpreted in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Indiana without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provisions, principles or rules. 
 Section 10.11 Compensation Recovery Policy. Notwithstanding any Plan provision to the contrary, any benefits due or paid under the Plan will be subject to recovery under any compensation recovery policy of the Company as may be in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the provisions of any such policy required by Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s common shares may be traded. 
 Section 10.12 Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any federal, state and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. 
 15 

Section 10.13 Code Section 409A. 
 (a) The Plan is intended to comply with Code Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, payments provided under the Plan may be made only upon an event and in a manner that complies with Code Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under the Plan that may be excluded from Code Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Code Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Code Section 409A, each installment payment provided under the Plan shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under the Plan upon a termination of employment shall be made only upon a separation from service as defined under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan comply with Code Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by a Participant on account of non-compliance with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other Plan provision, if any payment or benefit provided to a Participant in connection with his or her Qualifying Termination is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A and the Participant is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Code Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the Qualifying Termination or, if earlier, on the Participant s death (the Specified Employee Payment Date ). The aggregate of any payments that otherwise would have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date, and thereafter any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. Notwithstanding any other Plan provision, if any payment or benefit is conditioned on the Participant s execution of a Release Agreement, the first payment shall include all amounts that otherwise would have been paid to the Participant during the period beginning on the date of the Qualifying Termination and ending on the payment date if no delay had been imposed. 
 (c) To the extent required by Code Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under the Plan shall be provided in accordance with the following (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year and (ii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under the Plan shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 16 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-19.1>
 7
 notv-20240930xex191xinside.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

Exhibit 19.1 
 INOTIV, INC. 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
 Version Effective Date December 3, 2024 
 Purpose 
 Federal and state securities laws prohibit individuals from trading in the securities of a company while they are aware of material information about that company that is not generally known or available to the public. Such trading is often referred to as insider trading. The purpose of this Insider Trading Policy (this Policy is to prevent insider trading or allegations of insider trading, and to protect the reputation for integrity and ethical conduct of lnotiv, Inc. (the Company ). As more fully detailed below 
 
 You may not purchase or sell Company securities while in possession of material non-public information, nor may you disclose such information to outsiders who may reasonably be expected to trade the Company's securities. 
 The consequences of violating this Policy can be severe and include criminal and civil penalties, as well as employment-related repercussions. 
 This Policy obligates you to keep all internal Company information confidential, subject to only limited exceptions. 
 
 Applicability of Policy and Certain Definitions 
 A. Covered Companies . This Policy applies to 
 1. Company Personnel . All directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries Company Personnel ), as well as members of their immediate families and others living in the same household. 
 2. Consultants and Advisors . All consultants and advisors to the Company and its subsidiaries whose work brings them into contact with material non-public information. 
 3. Related Parties . Any other person or entity, including a trust, corporation, partnership or other association, whose transactions in the Company s securities are directed by any person covered by paragraphs (1) or (2) above or are subject to that person s influence or control. 
 
 The individuals and entities described in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) above are Covered Persons. 
 
 B. Covered Companies . This Policy applies to the trading in the securities of 
 1. the Company 
 2. any other company while you are aware of material, non-public information concerning that company when that information was obtained in the course of your service to the Company these other publicly-traded companies may include suppliers, customers, business partners, competitors and potential merger or acquisition parties and 
 3. any other company, the stock price of which may be impacted once there is disclosure of material, non-public information you have obtained in the course of your service to the Company (even if the information is not about that other company), such as economically-linked companies, such as competitors of the Company, or companies in the same business or market space as the Company. 
 
 C. Covered Transactions. The securities trading that this Policy covers includes purchases, sales, and any other transfers, including gifts, of common stock, options to acquire common stock, and any other securities the Company may issue from time to time, such as preferred stock, warrants, and convertible debentures, and purchases and sales of derivative securities relating to the Company s stock, whether or not issued by the Company, such as exchange-traded options. 
 
 The Policy s trading restrictions do not apply to the purchase of Company stock through the exercise of stock options granted by the Company (whether by cash exercise, stock swap or net exercise, to the extent 

such forms of exercise are permitted by the Company). However, the trading restrictions do apply to any sale of Company stock acquired through an option exercise and, therefore, do apply to a broker-assisted cashless exercise. 
 
 The Policy s trading restrictions do not apply to the vesting of restricted stock units or performance stock units, or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which the person elects to have the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon vesting, to the extent such withholding is permitted by the Company. The trading restrictions do apply to any market sales of shares, such as a sale-to-cover transaction. 
 
 The Policy s trading restrictions do not apply to a bona fide gift of Company stock so long as either (i) the recipient of the gift is subject to the same trading restrictions under this Policy as are applicable to you, or (ii) you otherwise have no reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the securities immediately or during a period when you would not be permitted to trade pursuant to the terms of this Policy. 
 
 From time to time, the Company may engage in transactions in its own securities. It is the Company s policy that any trades by the Company will comply with applicable law, including laws with respect to insider trading. 
 
 D. Material Information. You should assume that information is material if an investor might consider the information to be important in deciding whether to buy, sell, or hold securities of the Company or other relevant company. Information may be important for this purpose even if it would not alone determine an investor's decision. Some (but not all) of the matters which may be material are financial performance, especially quarterly and annual earnings and significant changes in financial performance or liquidity, earnings forecasts, projections and strategic plans, significant new products or services, significant pricing changes, possible acquisitions, mergers or joint ventures, new major contracts, orders, suppliers, customers, or the loss thereof, dividend actions, stock splits, public or private securities debt offerings, major discoveries or significant changes or developments in products and services or product and service lines, research or technologies, significant financing developments, major personnel changes, auditor changes and major regulatory, investigative or litigation developments. Material information is not limited to historical facts but may also include projections and forecasts. With respect to a future event, such as a merger, acquisition or introduction of a new product, the point at which negotiations or product development are determined to be material is determined by balancing the probability that the event will occur against the magnitude of the effect the event would have on a company's operations or share price should it occur. Thus, information concerning an event that may have a large effect on share price, such as a merger, may be material even if the possibility that the event will occur is relatively small. We emphasize that the circumstances described above are merely illustrative. 
 
 When in doubt about whether particular non-public information is material, presume it is material. If you are unsure whether the information is material, you should consult the General Counsel before making any decision to disclose such information other than in accordance with your duties to the Company or to trade in the Company's or other relevant company's securities or recommend trading in the Company's or other relevant company's securities. 
 
 E. Non-Public Information . The fact that information has been disclosed to a few members of the public does not make it public for insider trading purposes. To be public, the information must have been disseminated in a manner designed to reach investors generally, and the investors must be given the opportunity to absorb the information. Even after public disclosure of information about the Company, you must wait a period of time after the information was publicly disclosed before you can treat the information as public. As with questions of materiality, if you are not sure whether information is considered public, you should either consult with the General Counsel or assume the information is non-public and treat it as confidential. 
 
 Statement of Policy 

Insider trading involves trading at any time when the person making the purchase or sale is aware of material non-public information regarding the company whose securities are being traded. If you have a doubt or question about whether you are aware of or in possession of material non-public information concerning the Company or another company, you should contact the Company s General Counsel. 
 
 A. No Trading on Material Non-Public Information 
 1. Company Securities . If you are a Covered Person, you must not trade in any Company securities, or otherwise advise or assist any third-party trading Company securities, while you are aware of material non-public information regarding the Company. 
 2. Other Companies Securities . If you are a Covered Person, you must not trade in, or otherwise advise or assist any third-party trading, securities of any other company covered by Section 2.B.(2) or 2.B.(3) of this Policy, while you are aware of material non-public information obtained in the course of your service to the Company. 
 
 B. No Disclosure to Others Who Might Trade . If you are a Covered Person, you must not communicate material non-public information to any person who does not need that information for a legitimate business purpose or recommend to anyone the purchase or sale of securities when you are aware of material non-public information. This practice, known as tipping, also violates the securities laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading, even though you did not actually trade and did not benefit from another s trading. 
 
 C. Confidential Information 
 1. No Disclosure of Confidential Information . Unauthorized disclosure of internal information relating to the Company could cause competitive harm to the Company and in some cases could result in liability for the Company. Regardless of the motive or purpose involved, you should not discuss internal information about or related to the Company, including with respect to the Company's customers, suppliers, and other current or prospective partners, with anyone outside the Company, except as required in the performance of regular Company duties. 
 2. Communications with the Media and Investors . Communications on behalf of the Company with the media, securities analysts, and other investors must be made only by specifically designated representatives of the Company. Unless you have been expressly authorized to make such communications, if you receive any inquiry relating to the Company from the media, a securities analyst, or an investor, you should decline to comment and refer the inquiry to the Company's Chief Financial Officer. 
 3. Safeguarding Confidential Information . Care must be taken to safeguard the confidentiality of material non-public information. In order to reduce the possibility that material non-public information will be inadvertently disclosed 
 a. You must treat material non-public information as confidential, exercise the utmost caution in preserving the confidentiality of that information, and should not discuss it with any other person who does not need to know it for a legitimate business purpose. 
 b. You should refrain from discussing material non-public information relating to the Company or any public company in public places where such discussions can be overheard. 
 c. If you become aware of any leak of material non-public information, whether inadvertent or otherwise, you should report the leak immediately to the Company s General Counsel. 
 
 D. Specific Material Developments . From time to time, material developments known only to a limited number of Company personnel may occur to cause the Company to impose on an appropriate group of Company personnel additional restrictions on trading. You will be notified if you become part of such a group, and you should not disclose to others the fact that you have been so notified and that restrictions on trading have been imposed. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Plans and Instructions 

Transactions in Company securities that are executed pursuant to a 10b5-1 plan or instruction (or modifications thereto) approved in writing in advance by the Company s General Counsel are not subject to the prohibition on trading on the basis of material non-public information or the restrictions in the attached Addendum relating to the pre-clearance approval process or window periods. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 provides an affirmative defense from insider trading liability under the federal securities laws for trading plans or instructions that meet certain requirements. In general, a Rule 10b5-1 plan or instruction must be entered into (or modified) in good faith, not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of the insider trading rules and during a time when you are not aware of material non-public information. The plan instruction and certain modifications thereto must also provide for a cooling-off period for at least the minimum period required under, and must comply with all other applicable provisions of, Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 plans and instructions must have a cooling-off period after adoption of the plan instruction before any trading may begin. The cooling-off period must be 
 
 for directors and Section 16 officers the later of 90 days after adoption, or two business days following the filing of the Form 10-Q or 10-K for the quarter in which the plan instruction was adopted (not to exceed 120 days) or 
 for all others 30 days after adoption. 
 
 The cooling-off period will also apply to certain modifications to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or instruction, such as any modification affecting the amount, price, or timing of transactions. 
 
 Once the Rule 10b5-1 plan or instruction is adopted, you must not exercise any influence over the securities subject to the plan, including the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are traded, or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify (including by formula) the amount, pricing, and timing of the transactions in advance or delegate discretion on those matters to an independent party. 
 
 Employees who hold certain equity awards, such as restricted stock units or restricted shares, may be able to enter into a Rule 10b5-1 plan or instruction while not aware of material non-public information, which plan or instruction provides for a sale-to-cover transaction upon the vesting of such equity awards, where the plan or instruction authorizes an agent to sell only such shares as are necessary to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations arising exclusively from the vesting of the equity award. The Company will make employees aware of the process established by the stock plan administrator for such plan or instruction. 
 
 Additional Restrictions on Corporate Insiders 
 Directors and Section 16 officers of the Company and other officers and key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries who have been designated as Corporate Insiders by the General Counsel, as well as related parties of such individuals, are subject to additional restrictions on trading Company securities as set out in the attached Addendum. 
 
 Consequences of Violating Laws and Policy 
 A. Disciplinary Action . Company personnel who fail to comply with this Policy will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, which may include, among other consequences, the ineligibility to participate in the Company s equity incentive plans or termination of employment. 
 
 B. Civil and Criminal Penalties . Under federal securities laws, the penalties for violating insider trading laws are severe. If you trade on (or tip) material non-public information, you are subject to civil penalties of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, criminal fines of up to 5,000,000, and up to 20 years imprisonment. If the Company fails to take appropriate steps to prevent insider trading, the Company and its directors, officers, and other supervisory personnel may be subject to controlling person liability and potential civil and criminal penalties. 

C. Post-Service. Please be advised that insider trading laws remain applicable even after your employment or service relationship with the Company and or its subsidiaries and affiliated companies terminates. In particular, if you are aware or become aware of material, non-public information regarding the Company at the end of your employment or service relationship or subsequent thereto, you should not trade in Company securities until that information has been publicly released and absorbed by the public. The Company requires your compliance with this Policy and federal and state securities laws during the term of your service with the Company, and expects your continued compliance with federal and state securities laws thereafter. 
 
 Questions 
 Questions regarding any of the provisions or procedures of this Insider Trading Policy should be directed to the General Counsel. 
 
 Policy Review and Monitoring 
 This policy must be 
 Approved by the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer 
 Reviewed and updated every three years for completeness and accuracy and, 
 Read at least annually by all employees. 
 
 Inotiv encourages employees, including part-time, temporary, and contract employees to bring any questions and concerns of misconduct about any policy, including this Policy, to Inotiv s attention by contacting an appropriate level of management or the Inotiv Integrity Line, in accordance with this Policy. The Inotiv Integrity Line can be reached at https secure.ethicspoint.com domain media en gui 56822 index.html. 
 
 Concerns and questions can be brought or raised anonymously where allowed by law. All concerns and questions are managed confidentially. 
 
 Inotiv expressly prohibits retaliation and harassment to individuals who raise good-faith concerns about inappropriate conduct or alleged wrongdoing. 
 
 This policy may require other approvals as needed to comply with internal policies and SOPs. 

ADDENDUM TO INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 Additional Requirements and Responsibilities for Corporate Insiders 
 A. Purpose . This Addendum supplements the Inotiv, Inc. (the Company Insider Trading Policy and applies to Company directors and Section 16 officers as well as to other officers and employees designated by the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer. These people are subject to both the general requirements of the Insider Trading Policy as well as to additional procedures and requirements described below to help prevent inadvertent violations of federal securities laws, to avoid even the appearance of impermissible insider trading, and to facilitate their compliance with certain legal requirements not applicable to Company personnel generally. 
 
 B. Persons Covered . The individuals and entities described below are collectively referred to as Corporate Insiders. 
 
 1. Directors and Section 16 Officers . All provisions of this Addendum apply to the directors and officers of the Company subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (referred to herein as Section 16 Persons ). 
 
 2. Other Officers and Employees . Designated provisions of this Addendum apply to designated other officers of the Company and to designated employees. These other officers and employees, whose duties cause them to regularly have access to material non-public information about the Company, will be notified by the General Counsel or Chief Financial Officer that they are subject to this Addendum. 
 
 3. Related Parties . If you are covered by either of the above categories, then this Addendum also applies to the same extent to your immediate family members and other individuals living in your household Family Members ), and to any other person or entity, including a trust, corporation, partnership or other association, whose transactions in Company securities are directed by you or your Family Members or are subject to the influence or control of you or your Family Members. Also, you are responsible for informing all Family Members and such related parties of the requirements of this Addendum. 
 
 C. Blackout Periods 
 
 1. Quarterly Blackout Periods . Because Corporate Insiders may have or be deemed likely to have advance access to periodic financial and other material information, the Company has established a regular blackout period further restricting trading for such persons. The Company policy is that Corporate Insiders, in addition to refraining from trading while in possession of material non-public information generally, must refrain from trading in Company securities during each period beginning on the 16th day of the third month of a fiscal quarter and ending at the opening of the market on the third business day after the Company has issued an earnings press release for that fiscal quarter. For the sake of clarity, if quarterly financial results are released before the open of market on a certain day, that day will count as the first trading day following the public release of such results. 
 
 2. Other Blackout Periods . From time to time, other types of material non-public information regarding the Company (such as negotiations relating to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions of assets or other developments) may be pending and not be publicly disclosed. While such material non-public information is pending, the Company may impose special blackout periods during which Corporate Insiders are subject to trading restrictions. If the Company imposes a special blackout period, it will notify the Corporate Insiders affected. 
 
 D. Pre-Clearance of Securities Transactions 
 
 1. Because Corporate Insiders are likely to obtain material non-public information on a regular basis, the Company requires all such persons to refrain from transacting in Company securities, even when such 

transactions are otherwise permitted, without first pre-clearing all transactions in the Company's securities. 
 
 2. Subject to the exemption in paragraph 6 below, no Corporate Insider may, directly or indirectly, purchase or sell (or otherwise transact in any Company securities, including by making any transfer, gift, pledge, or loan of) any Company securities at any time without first obtaining prior approval from the Company's General Counsel. When seeking pre-clearance, the Corporate Insider must complete the form on Exhibit A and certify that (i) he or she (and his or her related parties if and as applicable) is not in possession of material non-public information concerning the Company and (ii) the proposed transaction(s) do not violate the trading restrictions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act or Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 
 
 3. The Company's General Counsel shall record the date each request is received and the date and time each request is approved or disapproved. Unless revoked, a grant of permission will normally remain valid until the close of trading two business days following the day on which it was granted, but unless otherwise specified in no case longer than the then open trading window. If the transaction does not occur during such period, pre-clearance of the transaction must be re-requested. 
 
 4. To ensure that the Company has sufficient time to prepare and file necessary Forms 4 with the SEC, Section 16 Persons must also report the details of completed transactions to the Company s General Counsel at least by the close of business on the date the transactions occur. 
 
 5. The existence of the foregoing approval procedures does not in any way obligate the General Counsel to approve any transactions requested by Corporate Insiders. The General Counsel may reject any transaction requests in his or her sole reasonable discretion. 
 
 E. Additional Restrictions on Trading by Section 16 Persons 
 
 1. Restricted Transactions . Section 16 Persons, or their designees, are also prohibited from engaging in the following transactions with respect to Company securities 
 purchasing Company securities on margin, or otherwise pledging Company securities 
 short sales of Company securities (selling securities not owned at the time of sale) 
 buying or selling put or call options or other derivative securities based on Company securities 
 purchasing any financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds) or otherwise engaging in transactions that are designed to or have the effect of hedging or offsetting any decrease in the market value of equity securities (i) granted to the individual by the Company as part of the compensation of the individual or (ii) held, directly or indirectly, by the individual provided, however, these restrictions do not prevent Section 16 Persons or their designees from engaging in general portfolio diversification or investing in broad-based index funds and 
 engaging in limit orders or other pre-arranged transactions that execute automatically, except for same-day limit orders and approved 10b5-1 plans. 
 
 2. Short-Swing Trading Restrictions . Section 16 Persons must also comply with the reporting obligations and limitations on short-swing trading transactions imposed by Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Among other things, Section 16 requires directors and Section 16 officers to pay over to the Company any profit realized from any purchase and sale (in either order) of Company securities that occur within six months of each other. 

Exhibit A 
 
 Submitted Pursuant to 
 
 lnotiv, Inc . Insider Trading Policy 
 
 PRE-CLEARANCE TRADING APPROVAL FORM 
 
 I, (name), seek pre-clearance to engage in the transaction described below 
 
 Acquisition or Disposition (circle one) 
 
 Name ________________________________________________________ 
 Date of Request ________________________________________________________ 
 Amount or # Shares ________________________________________________________ 
 Brief Description of Transaction _________________________________________________ 

Broker ________________________________________________________ 
 Any existing Rule 10b5-1 plan or instruction ________________________________________ 
 
 I hereby certify that, (i) to the best of my knowledge, the transaction described herein is not prohibited by the Insider Trading Policy, (ii) neither I nor any of my Related Parties (as defined in the Insider Trading Policy) are in possession of material non-public information concerning the Company and (iii) the proposed transaction(s) do not violate the trading restrictions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Signature Print Name 

Approved or Disapproved (circle one) 
 
 Date 
 
 Signature Print Name 
 
 Title 
 
 If approval is granted, you are authorized to proceed with this transaction . Unless revoked, the approval will normally remain valid until the close of trading two business days following the day of approval, but unless otherwise specified in no case longer than the then open trading window . If the transaction does not occur during such period, pre-clearance of the transaction must be re-requested . 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 notv-20240930xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization 
 1 Inotiv Research Models, LLC Indiana 2 BAS Evansville, Inc. Indiana 3 Seventh Wave Laboratories, LLC Indiana 4 BASi Gaithersburg, LLC Indiana 5 Inotiv Nashville, LLC Indiana 6 Inotiv Boulder, LLC Indiana 7 Integrated Laboratory Systems, LLC North Carolina 8 Bronco Research Services, LLC Indiana 9 Histion, LLC Washington 10 Inotiv Nashville, LLC Indiana 11 Envigo Global Services, Inc. Pennsylvania 12 ERPP, Inc. Delaware 13 Inotiv LAMS West, Inc. Texas 14 Envigo RMS, LLC Delaware 15 Precisium Solutions, LLC Delaware 16 Envigo RMS GmbH Germany 17 Envigo RMS S.L. Spain 18 Envigo RMS S.A.R.L. France 19 Envigo RMS, S.r.l. Italy 20 Envigo Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom 21 Envigo RMS BV Netherlands 22 Envigo RMS B.V., Inc. Delaware 23 Envigo Holding I, Inc. Delaware 24 Envigo Bioproducts, Inc. Indiana 25 Envigo New Holdco, LLC Delaware 26 Envigo RMS (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom 27 Envigo Research Private Limited India 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 notv-20240930xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-253309) of Inotiv, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-266962) of Inotiv, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-153734) pertaining to the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and Employee Incentive Stock Option Agreement from the 2008 Stock Option Plan and the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan , 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228747) pertaining to the 2008 Stock Option Plan as Amended and Restated in the form of the Amended and Restated Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan and the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-237580) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261025) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Inotiv, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261038) pertaining to the Envigo RMS Holding Corp. Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-279732) pertaining to the Inotiv, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, and 
 (9) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-282491) of Inotiv, Inc. 
 of our reports dated December 4, 2024 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended September 30, 2024 . 

s Ernst & Young LLP Indianapolis, IN December 4, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 notv-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert W. Leasure, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inotiv, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Robert W. Leasure, Jr. Robert W. Leasure, Jr. Date December 4, 2024 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 notv-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Beth A. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Finance, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inotiv, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Beth A. Taylor Beth A. Taylor Date December 4, 2024 
 Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Finance 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 notv-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 
 Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Inotiv Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Robert W. Leasure, Jr. Robert W. Leasure, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer Date December 4, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 notv-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 
 Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance of Inotiv, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Beth A. Taylor Beth A. Taylor Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Finance Date December 4, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 notv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 notv-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 notv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 notv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 notv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

