<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-K_edgar_data_1626644_0001683168-24-007967.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6460105</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>351785</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1234000</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1768845</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1375658</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1591169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007967.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113152512
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007967
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Odyssey Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				471022125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56196
		FILM NUMBER:		241453576

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800-#4012
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-780-6559

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800-#4012
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Odyssey Group International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007967.txt : 20241113

10-K
 1
 odyssey_i10k-073124.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR JULY 2024

ODYSSEY HEALTH, INC. Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
.. 

Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address and telephone number, including area code,
of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Title of each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the last sales price 0.08) as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (January 31, 2024). 

Number of shares of common
 stock outstanding as of November 13, 2024 

____________________________________ 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

ODYSSEY HEALTH, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2024 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 32 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 34 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 34 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 50 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 54 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 56 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 5 
 
 Signatures 
 6 

i 

ODYSSEY HEALTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements based on expectations, estimates, and projections as of the date of this filing. Actual results may differ materially from
those expressed in forward-looking statements. See Item 1A of Part I Risk Factors. 

Odyssey Health, Inc. was formed as a Nevada corporation
in March 2014. Our principal executive offices are located at 2300 West Sahara Avenue, Suite 800 - #4012, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89102. The
registration statement effectuating our initial public offering became effective in July 2015. 

Our shares of common stock are listed on the OTCQB
Marketplace OTC and there is currently very little public market for our common stock. 

As used herein, when we refer to Odyssey ,
 ODYY, the Company, our Company, we, us and our, we
mean Odyssey Health, Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

General 

Odyssey is a publicly held holding company focused
on acquiring and developing medical products. We are developing technologies that have a technological advantage, superior clinical utility,
and a substantial market opportunity within significant target markets across the globe. The corporate mission is to create or acquire
distinct technologies and intellectual property with an emphasis on acquisition targets that will generate positive cash flow. Our leadership
team has significant experience and capabilities to commercialize our technologies and submit them to the appropriate regulatory agencies
for marketing approval. 

Our business model is to develop or acquire medical
related products, engage third parties to develop and manufacture such products and then distribute the products through various distribution
channels, including third parties. We have two different technologies in research and development stage; the CardioMap heart monitoring
and screening device, and the Save a Life choking rescue device. 

To date, none of our product candidates has received
regulatory clearance or approval for commercial sale. 

We intend to acquire other technologies and assets
and plan to be a trans-disciplinary product development company involved in the development and commercialization of products and technologies
that may be applied over various medical markets. 

We intend to license, improve and/or develop our products
and identify and select distribution channels. We plan to establish agreements with distributors to get products to market quickly as
well as to undertake and engage in our own direct marketing efforts. We will determine the most effective method of distribution for each
unique product that we include in our portfolio. 

We intend to engage third party research and development
firms who specialize in the creation of medical products to assist us in the development. We will apply for trademarks and patents as
we develop proprietary products. 

1 

Asset Purchase Agreement with Oragenics, Inc. 

On October 4, 2023, we entered into an Asset Sale
Agreement (the Agreement with Oragenics, which closed on December 28, 2023. Pursuant to the Agreement, we sold certain
assets related to the treatment of brain related illnesses and diseases (the Assets with a total carrying value of 48,367
to Oragenics in exchange for (i) 1,000,000 in cash; (ii) 8,000,000 shares of convertible Series F preferred stock; and (iii) the assumption
of 325,672 of our accounts payable. The total value of consideration received was 16,449,054, which resulted in a gain of 16,400,687. 

The Assets include drug candidates for treating mild
traumatic brain injury mTBI ), also known as concussion, and for treating Niemann Pick Disease Type C NPC ),
as well as our proprietary powder formulation and its nasal delivery device. 

We received 500,000 upon the execution of the
Agreement on October 4, 2023, and received the additional 500,000 on December 11, 2023, upon our stockholder approval for the sale of
the Assets. Following the closing of the Agreement on December 28, 2023, we received 8,000,000 shares of Series F preferred stock. Upon
receipt, 511,308 shares of the Series F preferred stock, which represented 19.9 of the then outstanding shares of Oragenics common stock,
converted into 511,308 shares of Oragenics restricted common stock. The Oragenics restricted common stock became freely tradeable on June
28, 2024, subject to Rule 144 restrictions and limitations that limit us from selling no more than an amount equal to the greater of (i)
1 of the total shares of Oragenics common stock outstanding or (ii) the average of the previous four-week trading volume during each
quarterly period. 

Prior to closing, we were required to obtain the consent
of Mast Hill Fund, L.P Mast Hill to consummate the closing of the Agreement. As part of the consent, we entered into a
pledge agreement with Mast Hill granting a security interest in 154,545 of the total preferred shares, and collectively with all of the
common shares or other securities into which the preferred shares are converted or exchanged into common shares, until the Mast Hill debt
is paid. 

The remaining shares of convertible Series F preferred
stock will convert upon Oragenics shareholder approval and upon certain listing and change in control criteria being achieved. 

See Notes 4 and 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

Financial Information about Industry Segments 

We do not report our financial results by segment.
See financial statements. 

Our Growth Strategy 

If the FDA clears or approves our product candidates
to be marketed commercially, we intend to enter into agreements with industry partners or qualified distributors throughout the United
States. A similar approach will be pursued if our product candidates are cleared or approved for marketing outside of the United States.
We intend to require such partners or distributors to pay us an initial license fee, as well as royalties based on gross sales. Retaining
exclusivity will be based on a mutually agreeable semi-annual or quarterly sales minimum. We have also decided to focus on international
growth because, generally, such international license agreements provide a stronger path to revenue and earnings than purely domestic
products. 

2 

Our objective is to eventually grow revenue through
marketing and sales of each of our product candidates, CardioMap and Save a Life and our 50 ownership 50 ownership in unique neurosteroid
drug compound intended to treat rare brain disorders. Although no assurances can be given, management anticipates company growth from
the following areas: 

1) 
 Distribution or License Agreements. Once any of our products in development are approved by the appropriate regulatory agency we will enter into distribution agreements with companies who have sales professionals with experience selling through a variety of sales methods. These distribution agreements will allow us to achieve sales and revenue more quickly in the medical products industries. 

2) 
 Identify and develop our products for additional proprietary uses. When funding allows, we intend to pursue development of CardioMap technology for use in other areas of the human body, such as the brain, liver and kidney. We also intend to utilize our proprietary nasal delivery system to deliver other drugs to the brain to treat brain related medical issues. 

3) 
 The development and acquisition of new products. We intend to pursue the development and acquisition of other product candidates and market any new products, if cleared or approved. We intend, as capital resources permit, to develop such opportunities if and when they present themselves. 

4) 
 Seek partners to assist in the further development of our drug device combination products. We intend to seek partners to assist with the further development and clinical trials of our technologies. Partnerships could be in the form of government grants or from industry pharmaceutical companies who have an interest in brain related drug therapies. 

We currently have no products authorized for commercial
distribution in the United States, Europe or any other country. We have development programs for our devices, which are in various stages
of development. Due to funding constraints and market conditions, the CardioMap and the Save-a-Life choking rescue device programs have
been suspended. All of our products require regulatory clearance or approvals, and we cannot begin marketing and selling our product candidates
until we obtain applicable authorizations from the respective regulatory agency. FDA clearance or approval to market the products will
be required to sell in the United States. 

About CardioMap 

The CardioMap System is intended to be a heart
monitoring and screening device based on a novel method of Dispersion Mapping in ECG analysis for the early, non-invasive testing
for coronary heart disease CHD ). The heart monitoring system is intended to provide high quality 3-D visualization and
diagnosis of the heart using advanced signal analysis. The product is being designed for use in a professional setting or in remote settings
including in-home use. We have exclusive, royalty free rights to USPTO patent number 7,519,416 B2 related to the CardioMap technology. 

If FDA cleared or approved, CardioMap could provide
a better level of diagnosis with its improved sensitivity levels that can detect early warning signs that would normally be invisible
with standard ECG devices. The system could dramatically cut the costs associated with the detection of ischemic heart disease and will
prove to be an invaluable testing device for cardiologists, physicians, clinics, hospitals, the fitness industry, sports teams, emergency
facilities and general public. CardioMap was developed by VE Science Technology LLC, from whom we have purchased the product rights.
We have a working model of the device and associated software and plan to further develop the technology for clinical trials and a 510K
FDA submission when funding is secured. To sell, market and distribute the CardioMap product, clearance or approval from the FDA
is required. Such clearance or approval has not been obtained at this time. 

Product Development Plan: 

Concept 
 Engineering Model 
 Prototype 
 Clinical Trial 
 FDA Submission 
 
 Complete 
 Complete 
 Complete 
 TBD 
 TBD 

This product development plan is an estimate only.
The product development plan is subject to change based on our ability to fund the program, technical risks and regulatory approvals.
This project is not currently being funded. 

3 

About Save-a-Life 

In July 2019, we purchased all intellectual property
including two patents for the choking rescue device: patent Number RE45, 535 E, and patent Number 8,454,624 B2. The Save a Life SAL choking rescue device is currently in development and is designed to be a safe, and easy-to-use device for removing a lodged mass from
the throat of a choking victim. The device includes a pump for creating a vacuum chamber, which is connected seamlessly with a replaceable/disposable
mouthpiece. In an emergency, the SAL may be easily inserted into the victim s mouth, which depresses the tongue providing a clear
application. By pressing an activation button on the device, the internal pump is intended to deliver the appropriate amount of instantaneous
vacuum to dislodge the mass without harm or damage to the person. The application is intended to be instantly effective as the device
will be operational and effective in a matter of seconds. To sell, market and distribute the Save-a-Life product, clearance or approval
from the FDA is required. FDA clearance or approval has not been obtained at this time. The product development plan for the Save-a-Life
is below. 

Product Development Plan:: 

Concept 
 Engineering Model 
 Prototype 
 Clinical Trial 
 FDA Submission 
 
 Complete 
 Complete 
 Complete 
 TBD 
 TBD 

This product development plan is an estimate only
and is subject to change based on funding, technical risks, the clinical pathway and regulatory approvals. This project is not currently
being funded. 

Competition 

We believe that the primary competition for our products
and services is from existing companies offering EKG equipment and anti-choking devices, as well as other pharmaceutical companies engaged
in the development of Orphan drugs. 

SAL Competitive Analysis 

Dechoker 

 The Dechoker is a device that can be used for choking
first aid on anyone 12 months or older, regardless of illness, disorder or other health-related condition. It utilizes a hand powered
pump system to extract blockages. 

LifeVac 

 LifeVac is designed with a valve to prevent any air
from exiting through the mask. This designed valve prevents air from pushing food or objects downward. This creates a one-way suction
to remove the lodged food or object. 

Act+Fast Heimlich maneuver training vests 

 Act+Fast Anti-Choking Trainer, Blue (AHA),
4-Pack. This device enables students to develop confidence in their ability to perform the Abdominal Thrust (Heimlich) Maneuver as recommended
by the American Heart Association (AHA). It has been designed to be realistic and easy to use. 

CardioMap Competitive Analysis 

None of the current rapid EKG devices have the ability
to digitally map the heart. Each of the below competitors give EKG read outs only. 

CardioResting (Nasiff) 

 The CardioResting ECG is the first complete and full-featured
12 lead PC based cardiology system. The ECG is durable, reliable and easy to learn. It performs and manages tests while saving money and
working with your existing equipment. Our system is EMR compatible with an unlimited database. 

4 

Welch Allyn PC Based Electrocardiograph 

 The Welch Allyn device automatically transfers patient
information and test data into most EMRs without redundant work steps, misidentified patients, or delays from copying, scanning and shredding
ECG reports. 

QardioCore 

 QardioCore is a wireless medical grade ambulatory
ECG monitoring system that can identify atrial fibrillation and other arrhythmias. No wires, gels or patches are required. No in-clinic
fitting nor technician needed - QardioCore is 100 deployed remotely. 

Governmental Regulation 

Product Regulation 

Domestic 

The processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing,
packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of our products may be subject to certain regulations by one or more federal agencies,
including the FDA, Housing and Human Services (the HHS ), the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the Consumer
Product Safety Commission (the CPSC ), the United States Department of Agriculture (the USDA and the Environmental
Protection Agency (the EPA ), and by various agencies of the states and localities in which our products are sold. 

To sell, market and distribute the CardioMap ,
the Save a Life or the drug compound products, clearance or approval from the FDA is required. Such clearance or approval has not been
obtained at this time and our products are not currently available for commercial sale. 

Foreign 

Any products we eventually sell in foreign countries
are also subject to regulations under various local, national, and international laws that include provisions governing, among other things,
the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of drugs and medical products. Government regulations
in foreign countries may prevent or delay the introduction, or require the reformulation, of some of our products. 

Employees 

At the date hereof, we have four employees and do
not intend to hire additional employees in the foreseeable future. 

Where you can find more information 

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at http://www.odysseyhealthinc.com when
such reports are available on the SEC website. The public may read and copy any materials filed by us with the SEC at the SEC s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the
Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites
are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references
only. 

5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities has a high degree
of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this
prospectus. Any of the risks and uncertainties set forth herein could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the trading price or value of our securities. Additional
risks not currently known to us or which we consider immaterial based on information currently available to us may also materially adversely
affect us. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need
for Capital 

We are a development stage company with little
operating history, a history of losses and we cannot assure profitability. 

We have been incurring operating losses and cash flow
deficits since the inception of such operations. Our lack of operating history, and the lack of historical pro forma combined financial
information, makes it difficult for investors to evaluate our prospects for success. Prospective investors should consider the risks and
difficulties we might encounter, especially given our lack of an operating history or historical pro forma combined financial information.
There is no assurance that we will be successful, and the likelihood of success must be considered in light of our relatively early stage
of operations. As we have not begun to generate revenue, it is extremely difficult to make accurate predictions and forecasts of our finances.
There is no guarantee that our products or services will be attractive to potential consumers. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We are in the development stage and are currently
seeking additional capital, mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships and other business arrangements to expand our product
offerings and generate revenue. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our future ability to generate revenue and
achieve profitable operations and, in the meantime, to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities
when they become due. External financing, predominantly by the issuance of equity and debt, will be sought to finance our operations;
however, there can be no certainty that such funds will be available at terms acceptable to us. These conditions indicate the existence
of material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have not generated any revenue or profit from operations
since our inception. Based on our average monthly expenses and current burn rate, we estimate that our cash on hand will not be able to
support our operations through the balance of this calendar year. This amount could increase if we encounter difficulties that we cannot
anticipate at this time or if we acquire other businesses. Should this amount not be sufficient to support our continuing operations,
we do not expect to be able to raise any additional capital through debt financing from traditional lending sources since we are not currently
generating a profit from operations. Therefore, we only expect to raise money through equity financing via the sale of our common stock
or equity-linked securities such as convertible debt. We are currently in discussions with a number of institutional and private investors
who could provide the capital required for our ongoing operations. If we cannot raise the money that we need in order to continue to operate
our business beyond the period indicated above, we will be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our proposed operations.
If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk that our business would fail. If we are unsuccessful in raising additional
financing, we may need to curtail, discontinue, or cease operations. 

6 

Our actual financial position and results of
operations may differ materially from management s expectations. 

We have experienced some changes in our operating
plans and certain delays in our plans. As a result, our revenue, net loss and cash flow may differ materially from our projections. The
process for estimating our revenue, net loss and cash flow requires the use of estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions
may be revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses are performed. In addition, the assumptions used
in planning may prove to be inaccurate, and other factors may affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

We expect to incur significant ongoing costs and obligations
related to our investment in infrastructure and growth and for regulatory compliance, which could have a material adverse impact on our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, future changes in regulations, more vigorous enforcement thereof
or other unanticipated events could require extensive changes to our operations, increased compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our efforts to grow our business
may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our higher operating expenses. We may
incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays,
and other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market price of our Common Shares may significantly
decrease. 

Our limited operating history creates substantial
uncertainty about future results. 

We have limited operating history and operations on
which to base expectations regarding our future results and performance. To succeed, we must do most, if not all, of the following: 

raise corporate equity to support our operating costs and to have sufficient funds to develop, market and sell our products; 

locate strategic licensing and commercialization partners; 

obtain proper regulatory clearances domestically and abroad; 

attract, integrate, retain and motivate qualified management and sales personnel; 

successfully execute our business strategies; 

respond appropriately and timely to competitive developments; and 

develop, enhance, promote and carefully manage our corporate identity. 

Our business will suffer if we are unable to accomplish
these and other important business objectives. We are uncertain as to when, or whether, we will fully implement our contemplated business
plan and strategy or become profitable. 

Because we may never have net income from our
operations, our business may fail. 

We have no history of profitability from operations.
There can be no assurance that we will ever operate profitably. Our success is significantly dependent on uncertain events, including
successful development of our products, establishing satisfactory manufacturing arrangements and processes, and the sale and distribution
of our products. If we are unable to generate significant revenues from sales of our products, we will not be able to earn profits or
continue operations. We can provide no assurance that we will generate any revenues or ever achieve profitability. If we are unsuccessful
in addressing these risks, our business will fail, and investors may lose all of their investment in our Company. 

Our ability to generate positive cash flows
is uncertain. 

To develop and expand our business, we will need to
make significant up-front investments in our manufacturing capacity and incur research and development, sales and marketing, and general
and administrative expenses. In addition, our growth will require a significant investment in working capital. Our business will require
significant amounts of working capital to meet our project requirements and support our growth. We cannot provide any assurance that we
will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet these requirements. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on satisfactory
terms, we may be required to significantly curtail our operations and may not be able to fund our current production requirements, let
alone fund expansion, take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance our products, and respond to competitive
pressures. Any failure to obtain such additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

7 

We need to raise additional funds, and such
funds may not be available on acceptable terms. 

We may consider issuing additional debt or equity
securities in the future to fund our business plan, for general corporate purposes or for potential acquisitions or investments. If we
issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new
equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we incur additional
debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization, requiring us to pay additional interest expenses.
We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, in which case, we may not be able to develop or enhance our products, execute
our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures. 

We may have difficulty raising additional capital,
which could deprive us of the resources necessary to implement our business plan, which would adversely affect our business, results of
operation and financial condition. 

We expect to continue devoting significant capital
resources to fund research and development and marketing. In order to support the initiatives envisioned in our business plan, we will
need to raise additional funds through the sale of assets, public or private debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships or
other arrangements. If our operations expand faster or at a higher rate than currently anticipated, we may require additional capital
sooner than we expect. We are unable to provide any assurance or guarantee that additional capital will be available when needed by our
company or that such capital will be available under terms acceptable to our company or on a timely basis. 

Our ability to raise additional financing depends
on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market price of our common stock and the development or
prospects for development of competitive products by others. Because our common stock is not listed on a major stock market, many investors
may not be willing or allowed to purchase it or may demand steep discounts. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity,
convertible debt or similar securities of our company, the percentage of ownership of our company by our company s stockholders
will be reduced, our company s stockholders may experience additional dilution upon conversion, and such securities may have rights
or preferences senior to those of our common stock. The preferential rights granted to the providers of such additional financing may
include preferential rights to payments of dividends, super voting rights, a liquidation preference, protective provisions preventing
certain corporate actions without the consent of the fund providers, or a combination thereof. We are unable to provide any assurance
that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us or at all. 

If adequate funds are not available or are not available
on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our expansion, take advantage of potential opportunities, would be limited significantly. We
will also scale back or delay implementation of research and development of new products. Thus, the unavailability of capital could substantially
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The capital requirements necessary to implement
our business plan initiatives could pose additional risks to our business and stockholders. 

We require additional debt or equity financing to
implement our business plan and marketing strategy. Since the terms and availability of such financing depend, to a large degree, on general
economic conditions and third parties over which we have no control, we can give no assurance that we will obtain the needed financing
or that we will obtain such financing on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to obtain financing depends on a number of other factors,
many of which also are beyond our control, such as interest rates and national and local economic conditions. If the cost of obtaining
needed financing is too high or the terms of such financing are otherwise unacceptable in relation to the strategic opportunity we are
presented with, then we may decide to forego that opportunity. Additional indebtedness could increase our leverage and make us more vulnerable
to economic downturns and may limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. Additional equity financing could result in dilution
to our stockholders. 

8 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited financial
statements. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued its audit
opinion on our consolidated financial statements appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024,
including an explanatory paragraph as to substantial doubt with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, our net loss allocable to common stockholders was 905,771,
and we had an accumulated deficit of 61,003,146 at July 31, 2024. As of July 31, 2024, we had current liabilities of 5,919,895, current
assets of 56,943, and a working capital deficit of 5,862,952. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern which is dependent on our ability to raise the required additional capital or debt financing to meet short-
and long-term operating requirements. We may also encounter business endeavors that require significant cash commitments or unanticipated
problems or expenses that could result in a need for additional cash. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising
capital from financing transactions. To stay in business, we will need to raise additional capital through public or private sales of
our securities or debt financing. In the past, we have financed our operations by issuing secured and unsecured convertible debt and equity
securities in private placements, in some cases with equity incentives for the investor in the form of warrants to purchase our common
stock, and we have borrowed from related parties. We have sought, and will continue to seek, various sources of financing. If we raise
additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our current stockholders could
be reduced, and such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not
be available upon acceptable terms, or available at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to
take advantage of prospective business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our operations. If
we are unable to obtain necessary capital, we may have to cease operations. There are no additional commitments from anyone to provide
us with financing. We can provide no assurance as to whether our capital raising efforts will be successful or as to when, or if, we will
be profitable in the future. Even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain such profitability. If we are unable to obtain
financing or achieve and sustain profitability, we may have to suspend operations or sell assets, making us unable to execute our business
plan. Failure to become and remain profitable may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital
and continue operations. For additional information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations Going Concern. 

Raising additional capital by issuing securities
or through debt financings or licensing arrangements may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require
us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidate on terms unfavorable to us. 

To the extent that we raise additional capital through
the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of such securities may include
liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements
that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital
expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships with third parties, we may have to relinquish
valuable rights to our technologies or product candidate, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidate, or otherwise
grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we may be required to
delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts for our product candidate or our preclinical product
candidates, or grant rights to develop and market potential future product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market
ourselves. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to achieve our product development and commercialization goals and have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

9 

Risks Related to the Sale of the Purchased Assets 

Oragenics may have difficulty raising additional
capital, which could deprive them of the resources necessary to implement our business plan, which would adversely affect the equity position
in Oragenics. 

Oragenics will need to raise additional capital to
fund the development and commercialization of our product candidates and to operate their business. Oragenics operating expenses
could increase, both due to additional employment costs and operating costs required to pursue the development of the Odyssey s
assets. In order to support the initiatives envisioned in the business plan, Oragenics will need to raise additional funds through the
sale of assets, public or private debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships or other arrangements. If Oragenics operations
expand faster or at a higher rate than currently anticipated, Oragenics may require additional capital sooner than they expect. We are
unable to provide any assurance or guarantee that additional capital will be available when needed by Oragenics or that such capital will
be available under terms acceptable to Oragenics or on a timely basis. 

Oragenics ability to raise additional financing
depends on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market price of their common stock and the development
or prospects for development of competitive products by others. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity, convertible
debt or similar securities of their company, the percentage of ownership in Oragenics by Odyssey stockholders will be reduced, our stockholders
may experience additional dilution upon conversion, and such securities may have rights or preferences senior to those of Oragenics 
common stock. The preferential rights granted to the providers of such additional financing may include preferential rights to payments
of dividends, super voting rights, a liquidation preference, protective provisions preventing certain corporate actions without the consent
of the fund providers, or a combination thereof. We are unable to provide any assurance that additional financing will be available on
terms favorable to Oragenics or at all. 

If adequate funds are not available or are not available
on acceptable terms, Oragenics ability to take advantage of the potential of assets acquired from us will be limited significantly.
With limited capital, Oragenics expects to continue to scale back or delay implementation of research and development of all protocols.
By implication, the unavailability of capital could substantially harm our investment in Oragenics. 

Oragenics success with regard to the
Purchased Assets depends on the viability of Oragenics business strategy with regard to those assets, which is unproven and may be unfeasible. 

Oragenics revenue and income potential with regard
to the Purchased Assets, in particular the concussion asset, are unproven, and Oragenics continues to develop our strategy for such assets.
Oragenics anticipated business model is based on a variety of assumptions based on a growing trend in the healthcare systems in
the United States and many other countries. These assumptions may not reflect the business and market conditions Oragenics actually faces.
As a result, Oragenics operating results could differ materially from those projected under Oragenics business model, and
Oragenics business model may prove to be unprofitable. 

The product candidate ONP-002 (the concussion
asset) which is in development under Oragenics, is in its early stages and will require extensive testing and clinical trials before
it is commercialized. There is no guarantee that ONP-002 will be approved for commercial use. 

If we fail to obtain marketing authorization for these
product candidates, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

10 

There are substantial inherent risks in attempting
to commercialize newly developed products, and, as a result, we may not be able to successfully develop the new products acquired from
Odyssey. 

Oragenics hopes to conduct research and development
of the purchased technologies. However, commercial feasibility and acceptance of such product candidates are unknown. Scientific research
and development require significant amounts of capital and takes an extremely long time to reach commercial viability, if at all. During
the research and development process, we may experience technological barriers that we may be unable to overcome. Because of these uncertainties,
it is possible that some of Oragenics future product candidates will never be successfully developed. If Oragenics is unable to
successfully develop new products, Oragenics may be unable to generate new revenue sources or build a sustainable or profitable business. 

Additionally, since Oragenics operates with limited
resources and staff, Oragenics attention and resources will be diverted away from other protocols which may result in further delays
in the development and commercialization of such programs and the diminution of our investment. 

We will need to achieve commercial acceptance
of our products, if cleared or approved, to generate revenues and achieve profitability. 

Superior products may be introduced that compete with
the Oragenics assets, which would diminish or extinguish the uses for the products candidates acquired by Oragenics, if cleared
or approved. We cannot predict when significant commercial market acceptance for such products, if cleared or approved, will develop,
if at all, and we cannot reliably estimate the projected size of any such potential market. If markets fail to accept such products, then
Oragenics may not be able to generate revenue from them. Oragenics revenue growth and achievement of profitability will depend substantially
on Oragenics ability to introduce new products that are accepted by customers. Oragenics competitors in the industry are predominantly
large companies with longer operating histories, with significantly easier access to capital and other resources and an established product
pipeline than Oragenics. There can be no assurance that Oragenics will be able to establish ourselves in their targeted markets, or, if
established, that Oragenics will be able to maintain market position, if any. Oragenics commercial opportunity may be reduced if
their competitors develop new or improved products that are more convenient, more effective or less expensive than our product candidates
are. Competitors may also obtain FDA or other regulatory marketing authorization for their products more rapidly or earlier than Oragenics
may obtain marketing authorization, which could result in their competitors establishing a strong market position before Oragenics is
able to enter the market. If Oragenics is unable to cost-effectively achieve acceptance of their products by customers, or if Oragenics
products do not achieve wide market acceptance, then their business, and consequently our investment in Oragenics business will
be materially and adversely affected. 

The products candidates Oragenics acquired from
Odyssey are still in development, and Odyssey has not obtained authorization from any regulatory agency to commercially distribute such
products in any country and we may never obtain such authorizations. 

Oragenics currently has no products authorized
for commercial distribution in either the United States, Europe, or any other country. Similarly, the products candidates Oragenics acquired
from us are still in development. Like the product candidates Oragenics is developing, the Purchased Assets require regulatory clearance
or approvals. Oragenics cannot begin marketing and selling product candidates until they obtain applicable authorizations from the applicable
regulatory agencies. The process of obtaining regulatory authorization is expensive and time-consuming and can vary substantially based
upon, among other things, the type, complexity, and novelty of a product candidate. Changes in regulatory policy, changes in or the enactment
of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application may cause delays in the
authorization of a product candidate or rejection of a regulatory application altogether. 

The FDA has substantial discretion in the review
process and may refuse to accept Oragenics application or may decide that data is insufficient to grant the request and require
additional pre-clinical, clinical, or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical and clinical
testing could delay, limit, or prevent marketing authorization from the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Any marketing authorization
from the FDA Oragenics ultimately obtains may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-market commitments that render the product
candidate not commercially viable. If Oragenics attempts to obtain marketing authorization are unsuccessful, Oragenics may be unable to
generate sufficient revenue to sustain and grow their business, and Oragenics business, financial condition, results of operations, and
consequently, the value of our equity will be materially adversely affected. 

11 

Oragenics is, and will continue to be, dependent
in significant part on outside scientists and third-party research institutions for research and development in order to be able to commercialize
product candidates. 

Oragenics currently has a limited number of employees
and resources available to perform the research and development necessary to commercialize their product candidates and potential future
product candidates. Oragenics therefore relies, and will continue to rely, on third-party research institutions, collaborators and consultants
for this capability. 

Oragenics is heavily dependent upon the
ability and expertise of our management team and a very limited number of employees, and the loss of such individuals could have a material
adverse effect on Oragenics business, operating results or financial condition. 

Oragenics currently has a very small management
team. Oragenics success is dependent upon the ability, expertise, and judgment of Oragenics senior management. While employment
agreements are customarily used as a primary method of retaining the services of key employees, these agreements cannot assure the continued
services of such employees. Any loss of the services of such individuals could have a material adverse effect on Oragenics business, operating
results or financial condition. 

The loss of the services of any of these individuals
could harm Oragenics ability to successfully pursue the development of the Purchased Assets. If any of Oragenics executive
officers or key employees left or became seriously injured and unable to work and they were unable to find a qualified replacement and/or
to obtain adequate compensation for such loss, Oragenics may be unable to manage our business, which could harm their operating results
and financial condition. 

Oragenics anticipates growth in their business
and increased costs, and any inability to manage such growth could harm Oragenics business. Oragenics success will depend,
in part, on their ability to effectively manage their growth and expansion. Any growth in, or expansion of, Oragenics business
is likely to continue to place a significant strain on their management and administrative resources, infrastructure, and systems. In
order to succeed, Oragenics will need to continue to implement management information systems and improve our operating, administrative,
financial and accounting systems and controls. Oragenics will also need to train new employees and maintain close coordination among our
executive, accounting, finance, and operations organizations. These processes are time-consuming and expensive, will increase management
responsibilities and will divert management attention. Their inability or failure to manage such growth and expansion effectively could
substantially harm their business and adversely affect their operating results and financial condition, and, consequently, the value of
our equity in Oragenics. 

Risks Related to Our Technology, Development and
Commercialization of our Product Candidates 

Our success depends on the viability of our
business model, which is unproven and may be unfeasible. 

Our revenue and income potential are unproven, and
the business model of Odyssey is new. Our new business model is based on a variety of assumptions based on a growing trend in the healthcare
systems in the United States and many other countries, where we are seeing a movement towards preventative medicine that is directly decreasing
general healthcare costs. 

The CardioMap , through its screening and predictive
values, is a tool, if approved or cleared, might be implemented in this preventative approach. Considering heart disease-caused deaths
are still the number one cause of death and one of the most important healthcare costs factors, the CardioMap device has potential
value in any medical practice. If approved or cleared for marketing, it could be an ideal device, allowing insurance companies to potentially
cut costs through early diagnostic and preventative care. These assumptions may not reflect the business and market conditions we actually
face. As a result, our operating results could differ materially from those projected under our business model, and our business model
may prove to be unprofitable. There is no guarantee that the device will be approved or cleared for commercial use. 

The Save-a- Life choking rescue device is in
the development stage and has not been approved or cleared for commercial use. Further development is required, and the final product
will require FDA approval or clearance. There is no guarantee that the device will be approved or cleared for commercial use. 

12 

The product candidate ONP-001, for which we own 50 
of the intellectual property, is in its early stages and will require extensive testing and clinical trials before it is commercialized.
There is no guarantee that ONP-001 will be approved for commercial use. The Joint Venture contemplated in the agreement has not been formed. 

If we fail to obtain marketing authorization for our
product candidates, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

There are substantial inherent risks in attempting
to commercialize newly developed products, and, as a result, we may not be able to successfully develop new products. 

We plan to conduct research and development of
health-related technologies. However, commercial feasibility and acceptance of such product candidates are unknown. Scientific research
and development require significant amounts of capital and take an extremely long time to reach commercial viability, if at all. During
the research and development process, we may experience technological barriers that we may be unable to overcome. Because of these uncertainties,
it is possible that some of our future product candidates will never be successfully developed. If we are unable to successfully develop
new products, we may be unable to generate new revenue sources or build a sustainable or profitable business. 

We will need to achieve commercial acceptance
of our products, if cleared or approved, to generate revenues and achieve profitability. 

Superior competitive products may be introduced, or
customer needs may change, which would diminish or extinguish the uses for our products, if cleared or approved. We cannot predict when
significant commercial market acceptance for our products, if cleared or approved, will develop, if at all, and we cannot reliably estimate
the projected size of any such potential market. If markets fail to accept our products, then we may not be able to generate revenue from
them. Our revenue growth and achievement of profitability will depend substantially on our ability to introduce new products that are
accepted by customers. If we are unable to cost-effectively achieve acceptance of our products by customers, or if our products do not
achieve wide market acceptance, then our business will be materially and adversely affected. 

We currently only have two product candidates,
which are still in development, and we have not obtained authorization from any regulatory agency to commercially distribute the products
in any country and we may never obtain such authorizations. 

We currently have no products authorized for commercial
distribution in either the United States, Europe or any other country. We are developing the devices and pharmaceutical drugs which require
regulatory clearance or approvals, we cannot begin marketing and selling our product candidates until we obtain applicable authorizations
from the respective regulatory agency. The process of obtaining regulatory authorization is expensive and time-consuming and can vary
substantially based upon, among other things, the type, complexity and novelty of a product candidate. Changes in regulatory policy, changes
in, or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application may
cause delays in the authorization of a product candidate or rejection of a regulatory application altogether. 

The FDA has substantial discretion in the review
process and may refuse to accept our application or may decide that our data is insufficient to grant the request and require additional pre-clinical, clinical,
or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical and clinical testing could delay,
limit, or prevent marketing authorization from the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Any marketing authorization from the FDA we ultimately
obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-market commitments that render the product candidate not commercially viable.
If our attempts to obtain marketing authorization are unsuccessful, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to sustain and grow
our business, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

13 

We face significant competition in an environment
of rapid technological change, and our competitors may develop products that are more advanced or more effective than ours , which may
adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to successfully market our products. 

Our competitors in the industry are predominantly
large companies with longer operating histories, with significantly easier access to capital and other resources and an established product
pipeline than us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish ourselves in our target markets, or, if established, that
we will be able to maintain our market position, if any. Our commercial opportunity may be reduced if our competitors develop new or improved
products that are more convenient, more effective or less expensive than our product candidates are. Competitors also may obtain FDA or
other regulatory marketing authorization for their products more rapidly or earlier than we may obtain marketing authorization for ours,
which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 

We expect to rely on third parties for the worldwide
marketing and distribution of our product candidates, who may not be successful in selling our products, if cleared or approved. 

We currently do not have adequate resources to market
and distribute any of our products, if cleared or approved, worldwide and expect to engage third-party marketing and distribution companies
to perform these tasks. While we believe that distribution partners will be available, we cannot assure you that the distribution partners,
if any, will succeed in marketing our products on a global basis. We may not be able to maintain satisfactory arrangements with our marketing
and distribution partners, who may not devote adequate resources to selling our products. If this happens, we may not be able to successfully
market our products, which would decrease or eliminate our ability to generate revenues. 

Our products, if cleared or approved, may be
displaced by superior products developed by third parties. 

The healthcare industry is constantly undergoing rapid
and significant change. Third parties may succeed in developing or marketing products that are more effective than those developed or
marketed by us or that would make our products obsolete or non-competitive. Additionally, researchers could develop new procedures and
medications that replace or reduce the use of our products. Accordingly, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond quickly
to medical and technological changes through the development and introduction of new products. We may not have the resources to do this.
If our products become obsolete and our efforts to develop new products do not result in commercially successful products, then our sales
and revenues will decline. 

We are, and will continue to be, significantly
dependent, in-part, on outside scientists and third-party research institutions for our research and development in order to be able to
commercialize our product candidates. 

We currently have a limited number of employees and
resources available to perform the research and development necessary to commercialize our product candidates and potential future product
candidates. We therefore rely, and will continue to rely, on third-party research institutions, collaborators and consultants for this
capability. 

14 

We will depend on third parties for the manufacture
and distribution of our product candidates and products, if cleared or approved, and the loss of our third-party manufacturer and distributor
could harm our business. 

We will depend on our third-party contract manufacturing
partner to manufacture and supply our devices and drugs for clinical and commercial purposes. Additionally, we will depend on a different
third-party distribution partner to warehouse and ship our products, if cleared or approved, to customers. Our reliance on a third-party
manufacturer and a distribution provider to supply us with our drug and devices and to provide such other distribution services exposes
us to risks that could delay our sales or result in higher costs or lost product revenues. In addition, manufacturers could encounter
difficulties in securing long-lead time components, achieving volume production, quality control and quality assurance or suffer shortages
of qualified personnel, which could result in their inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of our commercially available product,
if cleared or approved, to meet market demand. Our third-party manufacturer or distributor may also fail to follow and remain in compliance
with FDA regulations which could lead to significant delays in the availability of materials for our product candidates or products, if
cleared or approved and/or FDA enforcement actions against them and/or us. 

If we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of our
product candidates and products that meet our specifications and quality standards, it will be difficult for us to compete effectively. 

We may be unable to build an effective distribution
network for our products, if cleared or approved. 

We currently have very few employees and we may either
build internal capabilities or rely on distributors to sell our products, if cleared or approved. We cannot assure you that we will succeed
in building an internal team or entering into and maintaining productive arrangements with an adequate number of distributors that are
sufficiently committed to selling our products, if cleared or approved. The establishment of a distribution network is expensive and time
consuming. As we launch new products and increase our marketing effort with respect to existing products, we will need to continue to
hire, train, retain and motivate skilled resources with significant technical knowledge. In addition, the commissions we pay for product
sales could increase over time, which would result in higher sales and marketing expenses. Furthermore, if we were to rely on distributors,
the current and potential distributors may market and sell the products of our competitors. Even if the distributors market and sell our
products, our competitors may be able, by offering higher commission payments or other incentives, to persuade these distributors to reduce
or terminate their sales and marketing efforts related to our products. The distributors may also help competitors solicit business from
our existing customers. Some of our independent distributors may likely account for a significant portion of our sales volume, and, if
we were to lose them, our sales could be adversely affected. Even if we engage and maintain suitable relationships with an adequate number
of distributors, they may not generate revenue as quickly as we expect them to, commit the necessary resources to effectively market and
sell our products, or ultimately succeed in selling our products. 

15 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

We may be unable to adequately protect its proprietary
and intellectual property rights. 

Our ability to compete may depend on the superiority,
uniqueness and value of any intellectual property and technology that we may develop in the future. We intend to protect our proprietary
rights by relying on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements with our employees
and third parties, and protective contractual provisions. Despite these efforts, any of the following occurrences may reduce the value
of any of our intellectual property: 

The market for our products and services may depend to a significant extent upon the goodwill associated with its trademarks and trade names, and its ability to register its intellectual property under U.S. federal and state law. 

Patents in the medical device industry involve complex legal and scientific questions and patent protection may not be available for some or any products; 

Our applications for trademarks and copyrights relating to our business may not be granted and, if granted, may be challenged or invalidated. 

Issued patents, trademarks and registered copyrights may not provide us with competitive advantages. 

Our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of any of our products or intellectual property. 

Our efforts may not prevent others from the development and design of products similar to, competitive with, or superior to, those we develop. 

Another party may obtain a blocking patent and we would need to either obtain a license or design around the patent in order to continue to offer the contested feature or service in our products. 

The expiration of patent or other intellectual property protections for any assets owned by us could result in significant competition, potentially at any time and without notice, resulting in a significant reduction in sales. The effect we will experience from the loss of these protections on us and our financial results will depend, among other things, upon the nature of the market and the position of our products in the market from time to time, the growth of the market, the complexities and economics of manufacturing a competitive product and regulatory approval requirements, which could cause a material and adverse impact on our business. We may be forced to litigate to defend our intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against us relating to intellectual property rights. 

We may not be able to protect intellectual property
that we hope to acquire, which could adversely affect our business. 

The companies that we hope to acquire may rely on
patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright protection to protect their technology. We believe that technological leadership can be
achieved through additional factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, new product developments, frequent
product enhancements, name recognition, and reliable product maintenance. Nevertheless, our ability to compete effectively depends in
part on our ability to develop and maintain proprietary aspects of our technology, such as patents. We may not secure future patents;
and patents that we may secure may become invalid or may not provide meaningful protection for our product innovations. In addition, the
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States. Furthermore, there
can be no assurance that competitors will not independently develop similar products, reverse engineer our products, or,
if patents are issued to us, design around such patents. We also expect to rely upon a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret,
and other intellectual property laws to protect our proprietary rights by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees,
consultants, and vendors, and by controlling access to and distribution of our technology, documentation and other proprietary information.
There can be no assurance, however, that the steps to be taken by us will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that the
rights granted thereunder will provide a competitive advantage to us. Any such circumstance could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. While we are not currently engaged in any intellectual property litigation or
proceedings, there can be no assurance that we will not become so involved in the future or that our products do not infringe any intellectual
property or other proprietary right of any third party. Such litigation could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources
and personnel, and significant liabilities to third parties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

16 

We may not be able to protect our trade names
and domain names. 

We may not be able to protect our trade names
and domain names against all infringers, which could decrease the value of our brand name and proprietary rights. We currently hold the
Internet domain name Odyssey Health, Inc. Domain names are generally regulated by Internet regulatory bodies, are subject to change, and,
in some cases, may be superseded, in some cases by by-laws, rules and regulations governing the registration of trade names and trademarks
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office as well as other common law rights. If the domain registrars are changed, if new ones
are created, or if we are deemed to be infringing upon another s trade name or trademark, we may be unable to prevent third parties
from acquiring or using, as the case may be, our domain name, trade names or trademarks, which could adversely affect our brand name and
other proprietary rights. 

We may be forced to litigate to enforce or defend
our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of other parties proprietary
rights. 

Any such litigation could be very costly and could
distract management from focusing on operating our business. The existence and/or outcome of any such litigation could harm our business.
We may become subject to litigation, including for possible product liability claims, which may have a material adverse effect on our
reputation, business, results from operations, and financial condition. We may be named as a defendant in a lawsuit or regulatory action.
We may also incur uninsured losses for liabilities which arise in the ordinary course of business, or which are unforeseen, including,
but not limited to, employment liability and business loss claims. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, sales, cash flow or financial condition. Further, the administration of medical substances to humans can result
in product liability claims by consumers. Product liability claims can be expensive, difficult to defend and may result in large judgments
or settlements against us. We may not be able to obtain or maintain adequate insurance or other protection against potential liabilities
arising from product sales. Product liability claims could also result in negative perception of our products or other reputational damage
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, sales, cash flow or financial condition. 

If our intellectual property protection is inadequate,
competitors may gain access to our technology and undermine our competitive position. 

We regard our intended and future intellectual property
as important to our success, and we intend to rely on patent law to protect our proprietary rights. Despite our precautions, unauthorized
third parties may copy certain portions of our devices or products or reverse engineer or obtain and use information that we regard as
proprietary. We may seek additional patents in the future. We do not know if any future patent application will be issued with the scope
of the claims we seek, if at all or whether any patents we receive will be challenged or invalidated. Thus, we cannot assure you that
any intellectual property rights that we may receive can be successfully asserted in the future or that they will not be invalidated,
circumvented or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent, as do
the laws of the United States. Our means of protecting any proprietary rights we may receive in the United States or abroad may not be
adequate and competitors may independently develop a similar technology. Any failure to protect our proprietary information and any successful
intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to various litigation claims
and legal proceedings, including intellectual property litigation, such as patent infringement claims, which could adversely affect our
business. 

We, as well as our directors and officers, may be
subject to claims or lawsuits. These lawsuits may result in significant legal fees and expenses and could divert management s time
and other resources. If the claims contained in these lawsuits are successfully asserted against us, we could be liable for damages and
be required to alter or cease portions of our business practices or product lines. Any of these outcomes could cause our business, financial
performance and cash position to be negatively impacted. 

17 

Additionally, our commercial success will also depend,
in part, on not infringing on the patents or proprietary rights of others. There can be no assurance that the technologies and products
used or developed by us will not infringe such rights. If such infringement occurs and we are not able to obtain a license from the relevant
third party, we will not be able to continue the development, manufacture, use, or sale of any such infringing technology or product.
There can be no assurance that necessary licenses to third-party technology will be available at all or on commercially reasonable terms.
In some cases, litigation or other proceedings may be necessary to defend against or assert claims of infringement or to determine the
scope and validity of the proprietary rights of third parties. Any potential litigation could result in substantial costs to, and diversion
of, our resources and could have a material and adverse impact on us. 

An adverse outcome in any such litigation or proceeding
could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to cease using the subject technology or require us to license the subject technology
from the third party, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Risks Related to Government Regulation 

Our products are subject to substantial federal
and state regulations. 

Our research and development activities and the
manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates and products, if cleared or approved, are subject to the laws, regulations, and
guidelines in the United States and other countries in which the products will be marketed,. Specifically, in the United States, the FDA
regulates, among other areas, new medical device clearances and approvals and the development and commercialization of prescription drugs. 

Obtaining FDA marketing authorization will be
costly, may result in time-consuming delays and will subject us to ongoing compliance costs and regulatory risk for non-compliance. 

Obtaining FDA marketing authorization, through clearance,
or pre-market approval PMA for medical devices and approval of drugs can be expensive and uncertain, can take years, and
require detailed and comprehensive scientific and clinical data. Notwithstanding the expense, these efforts may never result in FDA authorization.
Even if we were to obtain regulatory authorization, it may not be for the uses we intended or which are commercially attractive, in which
case we would not be permitted to market our product for those uses. 

The FDA can delay, limit or deny authorization of
a device or drug for many reasons, including: 

our inability to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction that our product candidate is safe and effective for its intended users; 

the data from our pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient to support authorization, where required; and 

the manufacturing process or facilities we use may not meet applicable requirements. 

In addition, the FDA may change its authorization
policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent or delay marketing authorization
of our product candidates under development. Any delay in, or failure to receive or maintain clearance or approval for our product candidates,
could prevent us from generating revenue from our products, if cleared or approved, and could adversely affect our business operations
and financial results. 

18 

Even if granted, a 510(k) clearance, de novo classification
and clearance, or pre-market approval for any future product may place substantial restrictions on how our device or drug is marketed
or sold, and the FDA will continue to place considerable restrictions on our products and operations. The manufacture, distribution and
sale of medical devices and drugs must comply with extensive laws and regulations, including those relating to registration and listing,
labeling, marketing, complaint handling, adverse event and medical device reporting, reporting of corrections and removals, and import
and export. If we or our facilities or those of our manufacturers or suppliers are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations,
or if we or our manufacturers or suppliers fail to take satisfactory corrective action in response to an adverse inspection, the regulatory
authority could take enforcement action, including any of the following sanctions: 

untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer notifications of repair, replacement, refunds, detention or seizure of our products; 

product recalls; 

operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing or delaying requests for marketing authorization of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing marketing authorizations that have already been granted; 

refusing to provide Certificates for Foreign Governments; 

refusing to grant export approval for our products; or 

pursuing criminal prosecution. 

Additionally, the FDA and other regulatory authorities
have broad enforcement powers. Regulatory enforcement or inquiries, or other increased scrutiny on us, could affect the perceived safety
and efficacy of our product candidate and dissuade our customers from using our product candidate, if and when it is authorized for marketing. 

We have and may continue to encounter substantial
delays in planned clinical trials, or our planned clinical trials for other indications may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy
of our product candidates to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 

While we currently have no ongoing clinical trials,
we will need to conduct further clinical trials. Clinical trials are complex, expensive, time consuming, uncertain as to outcome and are
subject to substantial and unanticipated delays. Before we may begin clinical trials, if required, for one of our medical device product
candidates and if the clinical trial is determined to present a significant risk, we will be required to submit and obtain approval for
an investigational device exemption, or IDE, that describes, among other things, the manufacture of, and controls for, the device and
a complete investigational plan. Clinical trials generally involve a substantial number of patients in a multi-year study. 

For our pharmaceutical product candidates, we
are required to submit an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, the contents of which are subject to discussions with the FDA
and include, among other things, results of preclinical studies and other testing, manufacturing information, proposed clinical trial
protocols and a general investigational plan. We cannot begin any clinical trials in the United States until 30 days after the IND has
been accepted by the FDA. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision
of qualified investigators in accordance with current Good Clinical Practices, or cGCPs, which include the requirement that all research
subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing,
among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring the safety and the effectiveness of criteria
to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development
and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent Investigational Review Board, or IRB, for each site proposing
to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical
trial begins at that site and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical
trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the
clinical trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts
organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which may review data and endpoints at designated check
points, make recommendations and/or halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or
other grounds, with respect to the foregoing, such as an inadequate demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the
reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. 

19 

Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three
sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase One: The product candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, and distribution of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness; 

Phase Two: The product candidate is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages, and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning; 

Phase Three: The product candidate is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk. 

Post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA. 

Because we do not have the infrastructure necessary
to conduct clinical trials, we will have to hire one or more contract research organizations, or CROs, to conduct trials on our behalf.
CRO contract negotiations may be costly and time consuming and we will rely heavily on the CRO to ensure that our trials are conducted
in accordance with regulatory and industry standards. We may encounter problems with our clinical trials and any of those problems could
cause us or the FDA to suspend those trials or delay the analysis of the data derived from them. Moreover, any failure to abide by the
applicable regulatory requirements by us, our CROs, and/or clinical trial sites may result in regulatory enforcement action against such
third parties or us. 

We cannot guarantee that clinical trials will be conducted
as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Delays can
be costly and could negatively affect our ability to complete a clinical trial and may allow our competitors to bring products to market
before we do, which could impair our ability to receive marketing authorization and successfully commercialize our products. If we are
unable to complete such planned clinical trials, or are unsuccessful in doing so, we may be unable to advance our product candidates to
regulatory authorization and commercialization, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may be substantially dependent on third parties
to conduct our clinical trials. 

Since we may conduct clinical trials to obtain FDA
marketing authorization, we will need to rely heavily on third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and as a result will have
limited control over the clinical investigators and limited visibility into their day-to-day activities. Nevertheless, we are
responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific
standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and the foregoing third parties
are required to comply with current good clinical practices, or cGCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable
foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these cGCPs through periodic
inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators, and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable
cGCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities may require us to perform additional nonclinical or clinical trials before approving our marketing applications or may subject
them or us to regulatory enforcement actions. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that
any of our clinical trials comply with the cGCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials may be required to be conducted with a large
number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations, or to recruit a sufficient
number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory marketing authorization process. Moreover,
our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations
or healthcare privacy and security laws. 

20 

Any third parties conducting our clinical trials are
not and will not be our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control
whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical, clinical, and nonclinical programs. These third parties
may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies
or other development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry
out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of
the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for
other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory
marketing authorization of or successfully commercialize our product candidate. As a result, our financial results and the commercial
prospects for our product candidate would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 

If any of our relationships terminate with these third-party
CROs, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding
additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when
a new CRO begins work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially affect our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines.
Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or
delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
and prospects. 

We may be required to suspend or discontinue
clinical trials due to side effects or other safety risks that could preclude approval of our products. 

Our clinical trials may be suspended at any time for
a number of reasons. We may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that they present an unacceptable
risk to participants. In addition, regulatory agencies may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our clinical trials at
any time if they believe that the clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or that
they present an unacceptable safety risk to participants. 

If we are unable to obtain a reimbursement code
from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services so that our devices or drugs, following receipt of marketing authorization are covered
under Medicare and Medicaid, this could have a negative impact on our intended sales and would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

We plan to submit an application to the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services for a reimbursement code so that our devices and drugs are covered under Medicare and Medicaid following
receipt of marketing authorization. However, there can be no assurance that our application will be successful, or that we will be able
to obtain a reimbursement code in a timely manner. In the event that we do not obtain a reimbursement code, our customers may be unable
to obtain reimbursement for their purchases under private or government-sponsored insurance plans, which could have a negative impact
on our sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we fail to comply with healthcare laws, we
could face substantial penalties and financial exposure, and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We do not have a product available for sale in the
United States. If, however, we achieve this goal, the availability of payments from Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payers would
mean that many healthcare laws would place limitations and requirements on the manner in which we conduct our business, including our
sales and promotional activities and interactions with healthcare professionals and facilities. In some instances, our interactions with
healthcare professionals and facilities that occurred prior to commercialization (e.g., the granting of stock options) could have implications
at a later date. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, among others: (i) the federal healthcare programs Anti-Kickback
Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration,
directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation
of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, (ii) federal
false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims
for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent, and which may apply to entities like us
if we provide coding and billing advice to customers, or under theories of implied certification where the government and qui
tam relators may allege that device companies are liable where a product that was paid for by the government in whole or in part
was promoted off-label, lacked necessary marketing authorization, or failed to comply with good manufacturing
practices or other laws; (iii) transparency laws and related reporting and/or disclosures such as the Sunshine Act; and/or (iv) state
law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed
by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers, many of which differ from their federal counterparts in significant ways, thus
complicating compliance efforts. 

21 

If our operations are found to be in violation of
any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil
and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, damages, fines and the curtailment or restructuring
of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our financial results. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that
their provisions are open to a variety of evolving interpretations and enforcement discretion. Any action against us for violation of
these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s
attention from the operation of our business. 

Our communications regarding product candidates,
even while in development, are subject to extensive government scrutiny. We may be subject to governmental, regulatory and other
legal proceedings related to advertising, promotion, and marketing, and communications with study subjects and healthcare professionals,
which could have a significant negative effect on our business. 

We are subject to governmental oversight and associated
civil and criminal enforcement relating to advertising, promotion, and marketing, and such enforcement is evolving and intensifying. Communications
regarding our products in development and regarding our clinical trials may subject us to enforcement if they do not comply with applicable
laws and regulations. In the United States, we are potentially subject to enforcement from the FDA, other divisions of the Department
of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the Department of Justice, and state and local
governments. Other parties, including private plaintiffs, are also commonly bringing suit against pharmaceutical and medical device companies.
We may be subject to liability based on the actions of individual employees and third-party contractors carrying out activities on our
behalf. 

U.S. legislative or FDA regulatory reforms may
make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates and to manufacture, market and distribute
our products after marketing authorization is obtained. 

From time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced
in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulatory approval, manufacture and marketing of regulated
products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, FDA regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways
that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations
may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of future products. In addition, FDA regulations and guidance are often revised or
reinterpreted by the agency in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. It is impossible to predict whether legislative
or FDA regulation changes will be enacted, or whether guidance or interpretations will change, and what the impact of such changes, if
any, may be. 

Risks Related to our Business Operations 

Failure to implement our business strategy could
adversely affect our operations. 

Our financial position, liquidity and results of operations
depend on our management s ability to execute our business strategy. Key factors involved in the execution of the business strategy
include: 

successful sales through indirect sales distribution; 

continued investment in technology to support operating efficiency; 

continued access to significant funding and liquidity sources; 

achieving the desired cost of goods on inventory; and 

obtaining the required regulatory clearances or approvals from the FDA. 

Our failure or inability to execute any element of
our business strategy could materially adversely affect our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. 

22 

Our inability to attract, train and retain additional
qualified personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation of our business strategy. 

We may need to attract, integrate, motivate and retain
personnel with specific qualifications in the future. Competition for these individuals in our industry and geographic region is intense,
and we may be unable to attract, assimilate or retain such highly qualified personnel in the future. Our business cannot continue to grow
if we are unable to attract such qualified personnel. Our failure to attract and retain highly trained personnel that are essential to
our business may limit our growth rate, which would harm our business and impede the implementation of our business strategy. 

We currently do not maintain product liability
insurance as we do not have marketed products. At the time we require it, we may be unable to maintain sufficient product liability insurance. 

We may incur product liability for products sold through
our distribution chain. Consumers may sue if products sold through our distribution chain or purchased through our websites are defective
or injure the user. This type of claim could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or to pay significant damages.
At this time, we carry no product liability insurance. As a result, any legal claims, whether or not successful, could seriously damage
our reputation and business. 

Conducting any future clinical trials of our
product candidates and any future commercial sales of a product candidate may expose us to expensive product liability claims, and we
may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on reasonable terms or at all and may be required to limit commercialization of
our product candidates. 

We face an inherent risk of product liability as a
result of the preclinical and future clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk when and if we commercialize
any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise
unsuitable during preclinical or clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations
of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or
a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves
against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit testing and commercialization of our product
candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual
outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased or interrupted demand for our products; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue our clinical trials; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenue; 

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 

the inability to commercialize any product candidate; and 

a decline in our share price. 

Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability
insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of
products we develop, alone or with collaborators. Our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product
liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed
our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay
such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification
may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 

23 

If we are successful in acquiring and developing
medical products and as we grow our business, our inability to manage such growth could harm our business. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to
effectively manage our growth and expansion. Any growth in, or expansion of, our business is likely to continue to place a significant
strain on our management and administrative resources, infrastructure and systems. In order to succeed, we will need to continue to implement
management information systems and improve our operating, administrative, financial and accounting systems and controls. We will also
need to train new employees and maintain close coordination among our executive, accounting, finance and operations organizations. These
processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management responsibilities and will divert management attention. Our inability
or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively could substantially harm our business and adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. 

Our inability to retain and properly insure
against the loss of the services of our chief executive officer and other key personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation
of our business strategy. 

Our future success depends significantly on the skills
and efforts of Joseph Michael Redmond, President, CEO and Director and possibly other key personnel. The loss of the services of any of
these individuals could harm our business and operations. In addition, we have not obtained key person life insurance on any of our key
employees. If any of our executive officers or key employees left or were seriously injured and unable to work and we were unable to find
a qualified replacement and/or to obtain adequate compensation for such loss, we may be unable to manage our business, which could harm
our operating results and financial condition. 

We participate in transactions and make tax
calculations for which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. 

We participate in many transactions and make tax calculations
during the course of our business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. While we believe we maintain provisions for uncertain
tax positions that appropriately reflect our risk, these provisions are made using estimates of the amounts expected to be paid based
on a qualitative assessment of several factors. It is possible that liabilities associated with one or more transactions may exceed our
provisions due to audits by, or litigation with, relevant taxing authorities which may materially adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 

We may indemnify our directors and officers
against liability to us and our stockholders, and such indemnification could increase our operating costs. 

Our bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and
officers against claims associated with carrying out the duties of their offices. Our bylaws also allow us to reimburse them for the costs
of certain legal defenses. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our
directors, officers or control persons, we have been advised by the SEC that such indemnification is against public policy and is therefore
unenforceable. Since our directors and officers are aware that they may be indemnified for carrying out the duties of their offices, they
may be less motivated to meet the standards required by law to properly carry out such duties, which could increase our operating costs.
Further, if our directors and officers file a claim against us for indemnification, the associated expenses also could increase our operating
costs. 

If we fail to develop or maintain an effective
system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent financial fraud. As a result, current
and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

We are subject to the risk that sometime in the future
our independent registered public accounting firm could communicate to the board of directors that we have deficiencies in our internal
control structure that they consider to be significant deficiencies. A significant deficiency is defined as
a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is more than a remote likelihood
that a material misstatement of the entity s financial statements will not be prevented or detected by the entity s internal
controls. 

24 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to
provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we
could be subject to regulatory action or other litigation and our operating results could be harmed. We are required to document and test
our internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, or SOX ), which requires our management to annually assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. 

We currently are not an accelerated filer 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section
404 requires us to include an internal control report with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. That report must include management s
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also
include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified. As of July 31, 2024,
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on SEC guidance on conducting such assessments
and on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control and Integrated Framework,
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Management concluded, during the
year ended July 31, 2024, that our internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S.
GAAP rules. Management realized there were deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control that adversely affected our
internal control, which management considers to be material weaknesses. A material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting may increase the chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing, and require
additional expenditures to comply with these requirements. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. For additional information, see Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 

It may be time-consuming, difficult, and costly for
us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire additional
financial reporting, internal controls, and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and
reporting procedures. If we are unable to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, then we may not be
able to obtain the independent accountant certifications required by such act, which may preclude us from keeping our filings with the
SEC current. 

If we are unable to maintain the adequacy of our internal
controls, as those standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we may conclude
on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. Failure to achieve
and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to face regulatory action and cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, either of which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that certain
proceedings may only be instituted in the District Courts of Nevada, which may prevent or delay such proceedings and will increase the
costs to enforce stockholder rights. 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that the following
actions and proceedings may only be brought in the courts located in the State of Nevada: (i) derivative actions brought on behalf of
the company, (ii) any action asserting breach of fiduciary duty by the directors or officers, (iii) any action brought under the Business
Associations, Securities and Commodities statutes of the State of Nevada, and (iv) actions asserting a claim under the internal affairs
doctrine. No court has determined that such provisions are enforceable in Nevada, and we may be forced to defend proceedings brought in
other states if such provision is ruled unenforceable. If enforceable, claims covered by this provision may be maintained in the courts
of the State of Nevada only if such courts have personal jurisdiction over the defendants. If the State of Nevada does not have personal
jurisdiction over any named defendant, this provision may have the effect of preventing the prosecution of any claim. Additionally, stockholders
may initiate such actions only in the State of Nevada, stockholders will be required to incur additional costs and expense such as engaging
legal counsel authorized to practice in Nevada. Moreover, the laws of the State of Nevada may be more favorable to us or our management
than the laws of the state in which any stockholder resides. 

25 

Our certificate of incorporation allows our
board to create new series of preferred stock without approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the holders
of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has the authority to fix and
determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock
without stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock granting
holders a preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the
holders of common stock, and the right to redemption of the shares, together with a premium prior to the redemption of our common stock.
In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our
common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result
in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

If our expenses are greater than anticipated,
then we will have fewer funds with which to pursue our plan of operations and our financing requirements will be greater than anticipated. 

We may find that the costs of carrying out our plan
of operations are greater than we anticipate. We expect our expenses to increase over time in connection with our ongoing activities,
particularly if and as we invest in marketing and distribution capabilities in support of developing and potentially commercializing our
products in the U.S., if cleared or approved; make improvements to product design; launch the ONP-002 trial or conduct other trials of
the products, subject to discussion with the FDA; pursue regulatory clearances and approvals; maintain, expand and protect our intellectual
property portfolio; engage third party manufacturers; and add additional personnel. Increased operating costs may cause the amount of
financing that we require to increase. Investors may be more reluctant to provide additional financing if we cannot demonstrate that we
can control our operating costs. There is no assurance that additional financing required as a result of our operating costs being greater
than anticipated will be available to us. If we do not control our operating expenses, then we will have fewer funds with which to carry
out our plan of operations, which could result in the failure of our business. 

We are heavily dependent upon the ability and
expertise of our management team and the loss of such individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
or financial condition. 

We currently have a very small management team. Our
success is dependent upon the ability, expertise and judgment of our senior management. While employment agreements are customarily used
as a primary method of retaining the services of key employees, these agreements cannot assure the continued services of such employees.
Any loss of the services of such individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 

Our ability to use net operating losses to offset
future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 

Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, or the Code, substantial changes in a corporation s ownership may limit the amount of net operating losses,
or NOLs, that can be utilized annually in the future to offset the corporation s (and the corporation s affiliates U.S. federal and state taxable income. Specifically, this limitation may arise in the event of a cumulative change in ownership of more
than 50 within any three-year period. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the corporation that underwent
the ownership change, immediately before the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect any limitation in future
years (including by way of exercising of warrants). 

We are a smaller reporting company 
under federal securities laws and we cannot be certain whether the reduced reporting requirements applicable to such companies will make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are a smaller reporting company under
federal securities laws. For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company so long as our public float remains less than
 250 million as of the last business day of our most recently-completed second fiscal quarter. We cannot predict if investors will
find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline or be more volatile. 

26 

Investors could lose confidence in our financial
reports, and the value of our common stock may be adversely affected, if our internal controls over financial reporting are found not
to be effective by management or by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

As long we remain a non-accelerated filer,
we are exempt from the attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting by our independent auditors
pursuant to section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 but are required to make our own internal assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting. The existence of one or more material weaknesses could affect the accuracy and timing
of our financial reporting. Investors could lose confidence in our financial reports, and the value of our common stock may be harmed,
if our internal controls over financial reporting are found not to be effective by management or by our independent registered public
accounting firm. 

Several people who work for us on a part-time
consulting basis may be subject to conflicts of interest. 

Several people who provide services to us are part-time
consultants. Each may devote part of his working time to other business endeavors, including consulting relationships with other corporate
entities, and may have responsibilities to these other entities. Because of these relationships, some of the persons who provide services
to us may be subject to conflicts of interest. Such conflicts may include deciding how much time to devote to our affairs, as well as
what business opportunities should be presented to us. 

Our business and operations would suffer in
the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or a deficiency in our cyber-security. 

Despite the implementation of security measures, our
internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, malware, natural
disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions (including ransomware attacks)
over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization.
No network or system can ever be completely secure, and the risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks
or cyber intrusion, including, but not limited to, computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, have generally increased
as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks, and intrusions from around the world have increased. If such an event
were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in operations, reputation, or a material disruption of our development
programs for an indeterminate period of time. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical
trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data.
In some cases, data cannot be reproduced. To the extent that any disruption or security breach was to result in a loss of or damage to
our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur material legal claims
and liability, damage to our reputation, and the further development of our devices and drugs or any future product candidate could be
delayed. If a security breach results in the exposure or unauthorized disclosure of personal information, we could incur additional costs
associated with data breach notification and remediation expenses, investigation costs, regulatory penalties and fines, and legal proceedings.
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to such breaches or attacks. 

Challenges to our tax positions in U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions,
the interpretation and application of recent U.S. tax legislation or other changes in U.S. or non-U.S. taxation of our operations
could harm our business, revenue and financial results. 

We operate, or intend to operate, in a number of tax
jurisdictions, including in the United States at the federal, state and local levels, and in Australia, and we therefore are or will be
subject to review and potential audit by tax authorities in these various jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining
our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. Tax authorities may disagree with tax positions we take and challenge
our tax positions. Successful unilateral or multi-jurisdictional actions by various tax authorities may increase our worldwide effective
tax rate, result in additional taxes or other costs or have other material consequences, which could harm our business, revenue and financial
results. 

Our effective tax rate may also change from year to
year or vary materially from our expectations based on changes or uncertainties in the mix of activities and income allocated or earned
among various jurisdictions in the US, changes in tax laws and the applicable tax rates in these jurisdictions (including future tax laws
that may become material), tax treaties between countries, our eligibility for benefits under those tax treaties and the valuation of
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such changes could result in an increase in the effective tax rate applicable to all or a portion
of our income, impose new limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits or make other changes that may adversely affect our
business, cash flows or financial performance. For example, if we are unable to fully realize the benefit of interest expense incurred
in future periods as a result of recent tax law changes (as discussed below), we may need to recognize a valuation allowance on any related
deferred tax assets, which would impact our annual effective income tax rate. 

27 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Its Market
Value 

Your ownership will be diluted by future issuances
of capital stock. 

Our business strategy requires us to raise additional
equity capital through the sale of common stock or preferred stock. Your percentage of ownership will become diluted as we issue new shares
of stock. Stockholders have no rights to buy additional shares of stock in the event we issue new shares of stock, known as preemptive
rights. We may issue common stock, convertible debt or common stock pursuant to a public offering or a private placement, upon exercise
of warrants or options, or to sellers of properties we directly or indirectly acquire instead of, or in addition to, cash consideration.
Investors purchasing common stock in this Offering who do not participate in any future stock issues will experience dilution in the percentage
of the issued and outstanding stock they own. 

We have limited capitalization and may require
financing, which may not be available. 

We have limited capitalization, which increases our
vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limits our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our
business and industry, and may place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with sufficient capitalization. If we are unable
to obtain sufficient financing on satisfactory terms and conditions, we will be forced to curtail or abandon our plans or operations.
Our ability to obtain financing will depend upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Investors may experience dilution in the value
of the shares of common stock. 

We anticipate offering common stock or preferred stock
in offerings, which could cause further dilution. 

If our business is unsuccessful, our stockholders
may lose their entire investment. 

Although our stockholders will not be bound by or
held personally liable for our expenses, liabilities or obligations beyond their total original investments in our common stock, if we
suffer a deficiency in funds with which to satisfy our obligations, our stockholders as a whole may lose their entire investment in our
company. 

A limited public trading market exists for our common
stock, which makes it difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock on the public markets. Any trading in our shares may have
a significant effect on our stock prices. 

Although our common stock is listed for quotation
on the OTC Markets, under the symbol ODYY, the trading activity of our common stock is volatile and may not develop or be
sustained. As a result, any trading price of our common stock may not be an accurate indicator of the valuation of our common stock. Any
trading in our shares could have a significant effect on our stock price. If a more liquid public market for our common stock does not
develop, then investors may not be able to resell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and may lose all of their investment.
No assurance can be given that an active market will develop or that a stockholder will ever be able to liquidate its shares of common
stock without considerable delay, if at all. Many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if
an investor finds a broker willing to affect a transaction in our securities, the combination of brokerage commissions, state transfer
taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Furthermore, our stock price may be impacted by factors that
are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, and
market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates, and international currency fluctuations, may adversely affect the market price
and liquidity of our common stock. 

28 

Our common stock may never be listed on a national
exchange and is subject to being removed from the OTC Marketplace. 

Our common stock is quoted for trading on the OTCQB
Marketplace. Should we fail to satisfy the fully reporting eligibility standards of OTC Markets, the trading price
of our common stock could continue to suffer, and the trading market for our common stock may become less liquid and our common stock
price may be subject to increased volatility. 

Our common stock is deemed to be a penny
stock, which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares due to suitability requirements. 

Our stock is categorized as a penny stock, 
as that term is defined in SEC Rule 3a51-1, which generally provides that a penny stock is any equity security that has
a market price (as defined) less than U.S. 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock
rules, including Rule 15g-9, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about
penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current
bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and
the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the
transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock
rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement
to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market
for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers
to trade our securities and reduce the number of potential investors. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest
in, and limit the marketability of, our common stock. 

The sale of shares of our common stock could
cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Depending on market liquidity at the time, a sale
of shares covered by a registration statement could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. The sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock under a registration statement, or the anticipation of such a sale, could make it more difficult
for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we otherwise might desire to affect such
sales. 

A low market price would severely limit the
potential market for our common stock. 

Historically, our common stock has traded at a price
below 5.00 per share, subjecting trading in the stock to certain SEC rules requiring additional disclosures by broker-dealers. These
rules generally apply to any non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price share of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions (a penny stock ). Such rules require the delivery, before any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule
explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and institutional or wealthy investors. For these types of transactions,
the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent
to the transaction before the sale. The broker-dealer must also disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer, current bid and
offer quotations for the penny stock, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and
the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Such information must be provided to the customer orally or in writing before
or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for
the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers
by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock. 

29 

If applicable, FINRA sales practice requirements
could limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by
the SEC, above, FINRA rules (which would apply to our common stock in the event that our common stock ultimately becomes traded over the
counter via the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board) require that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable
grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Under these FINRA rules, before recommending speculative low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there
is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA rules were
to apply to our common stock, such application would make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our
common stock, which could limit the ability to buy and sell our common stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares
of common stock. 

An investor s ability to trade our common
stock may be limited by trading volume. 

A consistently active trading market for our common
stock may not occur on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system. A limited trading volume may prevent our stockholders
from selling shares at such times or in such amounts as they otherwise may desire. 

A limited number of stockholders collectively
own a significant portion of our common shares and may act, or prevent corporate actions, to the detriment of other stockholders. 

A limited number of stockholders, including our founders
and members of the Board of Directors and our management, currently own a significant portion of our outstanding common shares. Accordingly,
these stockholders may, if they act together, exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including
the election of a majority of our directors and the determination of significant corporate actions. This concentration could also have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control that could otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. 

A reverse split of our common stock could decrease
our total market capitalization and increase, and may continue to increase, the volatility of our stock price. 

There can be no assurance that the total market capitalization
of our common stock after the reverse stock split will be equal to or greater than the total market capitalization before the reverse
stock split or that the per share market price of our common stock following the reverse stock split will increase in proportion to the
reduction in the number of shares of common stock outstanding before the reverse stock split. Furthermore, a decline in the market price
of our common stock after the reverse stock split may result in a greater percentage decline than would occur in the absence of a reverse
stock split, and the liquidity of our common stock could be adversely affected following such a reverse stock split. 

A reverse stock split could increase our authorized
but unissued shares of common stock, which could negatively impact a potential investor. 

Because the number of authorized shares of our common
stock will not be reduced proportionately, the reverse stock split could increase the Board s ability to issue authorized and unissued
shares without further stockholder action. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into common stock
may have a dilutive effect on earnings per share and relative voting power and may cause a decline in the trading price of the common
stock. We could use the shares that are available for future issuance in dilutive equity financing transactions, or to oppose a hostile
takeover attempt or delay or prevent changes in control or changes in or removal of management, including transactions that are favored
by a majority of the stockholders or in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then-current market
prices or benefit in some other manner. 

30 

A decline in the price of our common stock could
affect our ability to raise any required working capital and adversely affect our operations. 

A decline in the price of our common stock could result
in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise any required capital for our operations. Because
our operations to date have been principally financed through the sale of equity securities, a decline in the price of our common stock
could have an adverse effect upon our liquidity and our continued operations. A reduction in our ability to raise equity capital in the
future may have a material adverse effect upon our business plans and operations. If our stock price declines, we may not be able to raise
additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. 

Trading of our common stock could be sporadic,
and the price of our common stock may be volatile; we caution you as to the highly illiquid nature of an investment in our shares. 

Our common stock is listed on the OTCQB. Securities
of microcap and small-cap companies have experienced substantial volatility in the past, often based on factors unrelated to
the companies financial performance or prospects. We believe that trading in our stock has been and will likely continue to be
subject to significant volatility. These factors include macroeconomic developments in North America and globally and market perceptions
of the attractiveness of particular industries. Factors unrelated to our performance that may affect the price of our common stock include
the following: the extent of analytical coverage available to investors concerning our business may be limited if investment banks with
research capabilities do not follow us, a reduction in trading volume and general market interest in our common stock may affect an investor s
ability to trade significant numbers of shares of our common stock; the size of our public float may limit the ability of some institutions
to invest in our common stock. As a result of any of these factors, the market price of our common stock at any given point in time may
not accurately reflect our long-term value. The price of our common shares may increase or decrease in response to a number of events
and factors, including: changes in financial estimates; our acquisitions and financings; quarterly variations in our operating results;
the operating and share price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable; and purchase or sale of blocks of our
common stock. Any of these factors, may materially adversely affect the prices of our common shares regardless of our operating performance. 

The market price of our common stock is affected by
many other variables which are not directly related to our success and are, therefore, not within our control. These include other developments
that affect the breadth of the public market for shares of our common stock and the attractiveness of alternative investments. The effect
of these and other factors on the market price of our common stock is expected to make our common stock price volatile in the future,
which may result in losses to investors. 

We have not paid any dividends and do not foresee
paying dividends in the future. 

We intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the
growth and development of our business and do not intend to pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future.
The payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be reviewed periodically by the board of directors and will depend upon, among other
things, conditions then existing including earnings, financial condition and capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements,
business opportunities and other factors. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock
adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be influenced
by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If
any of the analysts who may cover us, adversely change their recommendation regarding our stock, or provide more favorable relative recommendations
about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or
fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price
or trading volume to decline. 

31 

Cautionary Note 

We have sought to identify what we believe to be the
most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized nor can we
guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should carefully consider all of such risk factors before
making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

Our management recognizes the impact that
cybersecurity threats could have on our business operations, our compliance with regulations and our reputation. We have identified
cybersecurity as a critical business risk as part of our overall risk management strategy. We have implemented an information
security management system in accordance with our risk profile and business that is designed to protect us, our employees, and our
shareholders from cybersecurity threats. Our managed security services provider helps us implement additional security controls, as
necessary, including malware protection and network security tools. We have not identified any cybersecurity incidents or threats
that have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of
operations, or financial condition. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Item 2. 
 Properties 

As of July 31, 2024, we own no real property and lease
minimal office space. Our principal address is located at 2300 West Sahara Avenue, Suite 800 - #4012, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89102. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

As of the date of this filing, we are currently not
a party to any legal proceedings. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our stock trades on the OTC Markets under the symbol
 ODYY. The following table sets forth the bid prices quoted for our common stock during each quarter, as reported by the
OTCQB in the last two fiscal years. The following quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission
and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2024 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.07 
 0.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.16 
 0.06 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.24 
 0.07 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.15 
 0.06 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.17 
 0.07 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.39 
 0.12 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.51 
 0.12 

Transfer Agent 

Our transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer, 1859
Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson, Nevada 89014 (702) 818-5898. 

Holders of our Common Stock 

As of November 13, 2024, 96,709,763 shares of our
common stock were outstanding. There are approximately 2,500 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have never paid dividends with respect to our common
stock and cannot provide any assurance that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to declare
cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial
condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may
deem relevant. Our board of directors expects to retain future earnings (if any) to finance our growth. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

See Item 12 of this report for disclosure regarding
securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K. 

33 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Unreported sales of unregistered securities were as
follows: 

On September 29, 2023, we granted a non-employee consultant
250,000 stock options at 0.078 per share. These options expire September 24, 2028. 

On December 20, 2023, ClearThink Capital Partners,
LLC ClearThink exercised their option to convert their convertible note payable of 175,000 plus 20,000 interest into
975,000 shares of common stock at 0.20 per share. 

On January 18, 2024, Mast Hill converted 44,266 together
with 4,024 interest, and 1,750 for fees totaling 50,040 into 695,000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of 0.072 per share. 

On January 31, 2024, we issued 12,444,445 warrants
exercisable at 0.072 per share having a total value of 63,455. These warrants expire December 13, 2027. 

On April 30, 2024, we granted two non-employee consultants
a total of 2,250,000 stock options at 0.10 per share. These options expire April 29, 2029. 

On June 28, 2024, we granted a non-employee consultant
2,500,000 stock options at 0.10 per share. These options expire June 27, 2029. 

The stock options granted to non-employee consultants
were in exchange for services provided in an amount equal to the fair value of awards granted. 

In issuing these shares, we relied on an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this
report regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and
objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 expects, intends, may, plans, projects, will, would 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. 

34 

We have based these forward-looking statements on
our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. You should understand that the following important factors
could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in
our forward-looking statements: 

our limited operating history and lack of revenue, on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective and projected cash needs and our expected future revenues, operations and expenditures; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products, and technologies; the scope, progress, results and costs of our clinical trials for our drug candidates and medical devices; 

our ability to successfully integrate our acquired products and technologies into our business, including the possibility that we will not fully realize the expected benefits of the transactions will not be fully realized by us or may take longer to realize than expected; 

the safety and efficacy of our product candidates; 

the progress and timing of clinical trials; 

the costs, timing, and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the timing of submissions to, and decisions made by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other regulatory agencies, related to our product candidates to the satisfaction of the FDA and such other regulatory agencies; 

our ability to obtain, maintain and successfully enforce adequate patent and other intellectual property or regulatory exclusivity protection of our product candidates and the ability to operate our business without infringing on the intellectual property rights of others; 

the costs of preparing, filing, and prosecuting patent applications and maintaining, enforcing, and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

the emergence of competing technologies and other adverse market developments; 

changes in accounting standards; and 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed herein and in our other filings with the SEC. 

Overview 

Our business model is to develop or acquire unique
medical related products, engage third parties to develop and manufacture such products and then distribute the products through various
distribution channels, including third parties. We have two different technologies in research and development stage ; the CardioMap 
heart monitoring and screening device, and the Save a Life choking rescue device. To date, none of our product candidates have received
regulatory clearance or approval for commercial sale. 

Upon receiving adequate funding, we plan to license
and develop our products and identify other product potentials we can develop or acquire. We will then engage third-party research and
development firms that specialize in creating products to assist us, and we will apply for trademarks and patents at appropriate product
development advances. 

35 

Recent Funding 

Accredited Investor Promissory Note 

 In August 2024, we entered into a one-year, 300,000
promissory note with an interest rate of 18 per annum due August 14, 2025. 

Accredited Investor Promissory Note 

 On February 13, 2024, we entered into a six-month,
 50,000 promissory note with an accredited investor, with an interest rate of 10 per annum and due August 11, 2024 and convertible into
20,000 shares of Oragenics common stock currently held by us at the investor s option. In June 2024, this note was amended to provide
for settlement of the note by issuing the accredited investor 30,000 shares of Oragenics common stock currently held by us at the investor s
option. As of the date of this filing, this note remains outstanding. 

LPC Purchase Agreement Draws 

 During the year ended July 31, 2024, LPC purchased
a total of 600,000 shares of our common stock for total proceeds of 55,620 pursuant to the August 14, 2020, LPC Purchase Agreement. At
December 31, 2023, the LPC Purchase Agreement expired. 

Asset Agreement with Oragenics, Inc. 

 On October 4, 2023, we entered into an Asset Sale
Agreement (the Agreement with Oragenics, which closed on December 28, 2023. Pursuant to the Agreement, we sold certain
assets related to the treatment of brain related illnesses and diseases (the Assets with a total carrying value of 48,367
to Oragenics in exchange for (i) 1,000,000 in cash; (ii) 8,000,000 shares of convertible Series F preferred stock; and (iii) the assumption
of 325,672 of our accounts payable. The total value of consideration received was 16,449,054, which resulted in a gain of 16,400,687. 

The in-process research and development Assets include
drug candidates for treating mild traumatic brain injury mTBI ), also known as concussion, and for treating Niemann Pick
Disease Type C NPC ), as well as our proprietary powder formulation and its nasal delivery device. 

We received 500,000 upon the execution of the Agreement
on October 4, 2023, and received the additional 500,000 on December 11, 2023, upon our stockholder approval for the sale of the Asset.
Following the closing of the Agreement on December 28, 2023, we received 8,000,000 shares of Series F preferred stock. Upon receipt, 511,308
shares of the Series F preferred stock, which represented 19.9 of the then outstanding shares of Oragenics common stock, converted into
511,308 shares of Oragenics common stock. 

At the closing, we were required to obtain the consent
of Mast Hill to consummate the closing of the Asset Agreement. As part of the consent, we entered into a pledge agreement with Mast Hill
granting a security interest in 154,545 of the total preferred shares, and collectively with all of the common shares or other securities
into which the preferred shares are converted or exchanged into common shares, until the Mast Hill debt is paid. 

The remaining shares of convertible Series F preferred
stock will convert upon Oragenics shareholder approval and upon certain listing and change in control criteria being achieved. 

See Note 4 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

Accredited Investor Note Payable 

 On July 7, 2023, we received a 150,000 advance from
an accredited investor related to a 500,000 Note Purchase Agreement (the NPA entered into with two accredited investors
on August 15, 2023, at which time the additional 350,000 was received. 

See Note 7 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

36 

Going Concern 

See Note 1 of Notes to Financial Statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The SEC defines critical
accounting policies as those that are, in management s view, important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of
operations and require management s judgment. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are
based on our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenue and expenses. We base our estimates on experience and on various assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Reference is made to our significant accounting policies
set forth in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Results of Operations 

We do not currently sell or market any products and
we did not have any revenue for the years ended July 31, 2024 or 2023. We will commence actively marketing products after the products
and drugs in development have been FDA cleared or approved, but there can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in obtaining
FDA clearance or approval for our products. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 In-process research and development expense 
 
 170,000 
 (170,000 
 100 
 
 Research and development expense 
 55,166 
 201,329 
 (146,163 
 -73 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 577,805 
 2,820,311 
 (2,242,506 
 -80 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 1,506,641 
 2,122,375 
 (615,734 
 -29 
 
 Gain on sale of assets 
 (16,400,687 
 
 (16,400,687 
 n/a 
 
 Gain (loss) from operations 
 14,261,075 
 (5,314,015 
 19,575,090 
 -368 
 
 Impairment of investment 
 (12,955,437 
 
 (12,955,437 
 n/a 
 
 Unrealized loss on investment 
 (1,638,743 
 
 (1,638,743 
 n/a 
 
 Interest expense 
 (518,476 
 (614,083 
 95,607 
 16 
 
 Other income, net 
 9,265 
 8,677 
 588 
 7 
 
 Net loss 
 (842,316 
 (5,919,421 
 5,077,105 
 -86 
 
 Deemed dividend 
 63,455 
 
 63,455 
 n/a 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 (905,771 
 (5,919,421 
 (5,013,650 
 -85 
 
 Basic net loss per share 
 (0.01 
 (0.07 
 0.06 
 -87 
 
 Diluted net loss per share 
 (0.01 
 (0.07 
 0.06 
 -87 

37 

In-Process Research and Development 

In-process research and development in fiscal 2023
relates to the value of the 1,000,000 shares of our common stock with a value of 0.17 per share issued to Prevacus in connection with
the November 2022 Option Agreement. See Notes 2 and 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Research and Development 

Research and development relates to our current projects
and includes expenses for clinical research, design and manufacturing, formulation, regulatory and consultants. 

The change in Research and development was due to
the following: 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 July 31, 2024 
 compared to 
 Fiscal Year Ended 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 Increase (decrease) in: 

Consultants 
 24,637 
 
 Phase I clinical trial 
 (452,321 
 
 Australian research and development rebate 
 276,471 
 
 Phase II clinical trial 
 10,000 
 
 Regulatory 
 (4,950 

(146,163 

The decreases in the Phase I clinical trial and the
Australian research and development rebate in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023, were the result of the completion of the
dosing of subject in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. No additional expenses are expected related to ONP-002 as a result of the sale
of the asset to Oragenics. 

In fiscal 2024, we earned a research and development
rebate from the Australian government of 53,578 related to our Phase I clinical trial of our concussion drug device combination compared
to 330,050 in fiscal 2023. These amounts were recorded as offsets to Research and development expense. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The decrease in Stock-based compensation in fiscal
year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 was due to fewer grants and unvested awards outstanding. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative includes expenses related
to salaries and related benefits for employees in finance, accounting, sales, administrative and research and development activities,
as well as stock-based compensation, costs related to maintaining compliance as a public company and legal and professional fees. 

38 

The decrease in General and administrative was due
to the following: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2024 compared to Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 
 
 Increase (decrease) in: 

Business development and investor relations 
 (247,268 
 
 Consulting fees 
 (76,000 
 
 Insurance expense 
 (11,875 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 (82,815 
 
 Public company expense 
 25,820 
 
 Travel 
 (32,228 
 
 Wages 
 (196,843 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 27,833 
 
 Other 
 (22,358 

(615,734 

The decrease in business development, investor relations
and consulting fees was a result of decreased activities related to business development. Legal and professional fees decreased due to
lower expense in the second half of fiscal 2024. The decrease in wages was due to lower employee headcount for the second half of 2024. 

Gain on Sale of Asset 

The gain on sale of asset in fiscal 2024 relates to
our sale of our drug candidates for treating mild traumatic brain injury mTBI ), also known as concussion, and for treating
Niemann Pick Disease Type C NPC ), as well as our proprietary powder formulation and its nasal delivery device to Oragenics
in December 2023. 

Impairment of Investment 

Impairment of investment in fiscal 2024 relates
to the revaluation to zero of the preferred stock of Oragenics held by us as an investment. See Notes 2 and 6 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

Unrealized Losses on Investment 

Unrealized losses on investment in fiscal 2024
relates to the common stock of Oragenics held by us as an investment. See Notes 2 and 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense includes interest on debt outstanding,
as well as the amortization of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt closing costs. Certain information regarding debt outstanding
was as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Weighted average debt outstanding 
 1,754,425 
 2,003,425 
 
 Weighted average interest rate 
 8.09 
 7.10 

The decrease in interest expense was due to lower
weighted average debt outstanding, partially offset by a higher weighted average interest rate. 

39 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table sets forth the primary sources
and uses of cash: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,215,210 
 (1,474,696 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 1,000,000 
 (10,061 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 180,724 
 1,449,088 

To date, we have financed our operations primarily
through debt financing and limited sales of our common stock. Our ability to continue to access capital could be affected adversely by
various factors, including general market and other economic conditions, interest rates, the perception of our potential future earnings
and cash distributions, any unwillingness on the part of lenders to make loans to us and any deterioration in the financial position of
lenders that might make them unable to meet their obligations to us. If these conditions continue and we cannot raise funds through a
public or private debt financing, or an equity offering, our ability to grow our business may be negatively affected. In such case, we
have suspended research and development activities until market conditions improve. 

Cash used in investing activities was for a patent
related to our ONP-002 drug device combination. 

Debt 

The following notes payable were outstanding: 

July 31, 2024 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 Convertible note issued to LGH due December 31, 2024, with a set interest amount of 84,000 through July 7, 2023, then an interest rate of 8.0 per annum of outstanding principal and convertible at 0.072 per share 
 1,035,000 
 1,055,000 
 
 Promissory notes issued to officers and directors due December 31, 2024, with an interest rate of 8.0 per annum and convertible at 0.12 per share 
 100,000 
 125,000 
 
 Accredited investor promissory note due August 11, 2024, with an interest rate of 10 per annum and convertible into 30,000 shares of Oragenics common stock held by us. As of the date of this filing, this note remains outstanding. 
 50,000 

Note purchase agreement issued to two accredited investors due August 15, 2024, with an interest rate of 12 per annum 
 
 150,000 
 
 ClearThink convertible promissory note due December 31, 2023, with a set interest amount of 20,000 and convertible at 0.20 per share 
 
 175,000 
 
 Mast Hill convertible promissory note due December 13, 2024, with an interest rate of 10 per annum and convertible at 0.072 per share 
 499,667 
 920,000 

1,684,667 
 2,425,000 
 
 Unamortized debt discount and closing costs 
 (38,134 
 (246,866 
 
 Unamortized beneficial conversion feature 
 
 (33,474 

1,646,533 
 2,144,660 

See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for information regarding a 300,000 promissory note entered into in August 2024. 

40 

Inflation 

Inflation did not have a material impact on our business
and results of operations during the periods being reported on. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any material off balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required
to provide information under this item. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial statements of Odyssey Health, Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 202 3 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

41 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Odyssey Health, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Odyssey Health, Inc. (the Company) as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended July 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash
flows for each of the years in the two years in the period ended July 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
accumulated deficit and negative cash flows from operations since inception and is currently dependent on the stockholders and lenders
to fund operating activities. The management plan regarding these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Valuation of Investments 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company s investment in preferred stock is accounted for at cost minus impairments as it is not currently listed on a registered
securities exchange and the Company reviews the investment at least annually or more often if there are indications of impairment. 

We identified the valuation of the preferred stock
to be critical audit matter. Assessment of the Company s judgments regarding the use of specific valuation techniques, inputs and
assumptions involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment. Changes in these techniques, inputs and assumptions could have a significant
impact on determining the fair value of the preferred stock for the purpose of determining if the preferred shares are impaired. In particular,
the Company uses the current value of the underlying common stock then discounts the value based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model.
Additionally, the Company makes judgments relating to the life of the options used to determine the implied discount to determine the
fair value of the preferred shares. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to management s
fair value model to determine the fair value of the preferred shares included: 

Obtaining and reviewing the asset purchase agreement to understand the terms and conditions of the asset
sale and restrictions on converting the preferred stock to common shares and subsequent sale of common shares. 
 
 Obtaining an understanding of management s process for determining the valuation for preferred stock
including evaluation of the appropriateness of the method selected by the Company, identifying the significant assumptions used to determine
the fair value estimate, and the application of those assumptions in the related method. 
 
 Assessed management s pricing model and tested the accuracy and completeness of the significant
inputs used in the pricing model. Assessed the underlying source information where available and mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

November 13, 2024 

F- 2 

Odyssey Health, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Research and development rebate due from the Australian government 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Investment 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued wages 

Accrued interest 

Asset purchase liability 

Notes payable, officers and directors 

Notes payable, net of unamortized beneficial conversion feature, debt discount and closing costs of and 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized with 
 and 
 issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Odyssey Health, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 

2023 
 
 In-process research and development expense 

Research and development expense 

Stock-based compensation 

General and administrative expense 

Gain on sale of asset 

Income (loss) from operations 

Impairment of investment 

Unrealized loss on investment 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

Net loss 

Deemed dividend 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

Diluted net loss per share
 attributable to common stockholders 

Shares used for basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

Shares used for diluted net loss per
 share attributable to common stockholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Odyssey Health, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Dollars 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances July 31, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued in equity financing 

Common stock issued in conversion of debt 

Warrants issued in debt financing 

Warrants exercised in connection with debt financing 

Return of shares 

Deemed dividend 

Net loss 

Balances July 31, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Dollars 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances July 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued in equity financing 

Common stock issued in conversion of debt 

Common stock issued in debt financing 

Common stock issued in option purchase agreement 

Warrants issued in debt financing 

Return of shares to treasury 

Net loss 

Balances July 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Odyssey Health, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities: 

Amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on sale of asset 

Impairment of investment 

Unrealized loss on investment 

Financing costs paid with issuance of common stock 

Amortization of beneficial conversion feature, debt discount
 and closing costs 

In-process research and development 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Decrease in research and development rebate due from Australian government 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase in accrued wages 

Increase in accrued interest 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash proceeds from sale of assets 

Purchase of intellectual property 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Principal payments made on notes payable 

Proceeds from equity financing 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Decrease in cash 

Cash: 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information: 

Common stock issued to settle notes payable 

Accrued interest paid with common stock 

Increase in fees related to extension of LGH debt maturity
 date recorded as additional principal 

Warrants issued in exchange for debt financing fees 

Shares returned to treasury 

Deemed dividend 

Original issue discount on debt 

Stock issued in exchange for closing costs 

Accounts payable assumed by Oragenics 

Increase in principal of notes payable 

Shares issued for exercised warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Odyssey Health, Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

as of July 31, 2024. For the foreseeable future, we expect to experience continuing operating losses and negative cash flows from
operations. As of July 31, 2024, we had current liabilities of ,
current assets of ,
and a working capital deficit of .
Negative working capital at July 31, 2024 did not provide enough working capital to meet our current operating expenses through the
first quarter of fiscal 2025. 

The operating deficit and negative working capital at July 31, 2024 indicate substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our continued existence
depends on the success of our efforts to raise additional capital necessary to meet our obligations as they come due and to obtain
sufficient capital to execute our business plan. We may obtain capital primarily through issuances of debt or equity or entering
into collaborative arrangements with corporate partners. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in completing
additional financing or collaboration transactions or, if financing is available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable
terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we may be required to scale down or perhaps even
cease operations. 

The issuance of additional equity securities could
result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans
would be available, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We are continually adjusting our business plan
to reflect our current liquidity expectations. If we are unable to raise additional capital, secure additional debt financing, secure
additional equity financing, secure a strategic partner, reduce our operating expenditures, or seek bankruptcy protection, we will
adjust our business plan. Given our recurring losses, negative cash flow, and accumulated deficit, there is substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

for loans and advances receivable. 

All intangible assets were sold in the second quarter
of fiscal 2024. See Note 4. 

shares of Oragenics, Inc. Oragenics common stock which is valued quarterly based on the common stock price as
reported by the NYSE American stock exchange. Our 511,308 shares of Oragenics common stock represented 9.2 of the outstanding shares
of Oragenics common stock at July 31, 2024. 

We also hold 
 shares of Oragenics convertible Series F preferred stock (the Preferred Stock which is accounted for at cost minus
impairments as it is not currently listed on a registered securities exchange. The Preferred Stock is not accounted for as an equity-method
investment as it does not have voting rights nor board representation and management does not have significant influence over Oragenics. 

The Preferred Stock was
discounted based on conditions set forth in the Agreement stating 1) the Series F preferred stock converts into common stock on a 1-to-1
basis not exceeding 19.9 of the total outstanding shares of Oragenics common stock, 2) the continued listing of the Oragenics
common stock on the NYSE American Exchange in order for the Series F to convert into common stock, 3) the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
and 4) the limitations under SEC Rule 144, including (i) the number of shares available for sale, (ii) the prescribed holding period of
six months, and (iii) affiliates restrictions on sell in excess of the greater of 1 of the total shares outstanding or the average of
the previous four-week trading volume. 

Cost was originally determined utilizing the Black-Scholes
pricing model inputs of (i) expected volatility of 79.4 , (ii) risk free interest rate of 5.6 , (ii) expected life of six months, and
(iv) an implied discount rate of 25 for the known restrictions on the sale and conversion of the Series F preferred stock and the value
at December 28, 2023 was . 

Due to the decrease in the value of
underlying Oragenics common stock and based on conditions set forth in the Agreement above, we revalued the Series F preferred stock at July 31, 2024 and recorded a 100 impairment
totaling . 

See Notes 4 and 6 for additional information regarding
Oragenics. 

shares
of our common stock with a value of per
share issued to Prevacus in connection with the November 2022 Option Agreement. The option was never exercised and the expense was
recognized when incurred. See Note 9. 

ASU 2023-07 

 In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements
to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which enhances segment reporting under Topic 280 by expanding the breadth and frequency of
segment disclosures. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. We have one segment. The adoption of ASU 2023-07 did not have any effect on our financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. 

ASU 2023-09 

 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income
Taxes, which enhances the transparency of income tax disclosures by expanding annual disclosure requirements related to the rate reconciliation
and income taxes paid. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The
amendments should be applied on a prospective basis. Retrospective application is permitted. We are currently evaluating this ASU to determine
its impact on our disclosures. 

to Oragenics in exchange for (i) 
in cash; (ii) 
shares of convertible Series F preferred stock; and (iii) the assumption of 
of our accounts payable. The total value of consideration received was ,
which resulted in a gain of . 

The Assets include drug candidates for treating mild
traumatic brain injury mTBI ), also known as concussion, and for treating Niemann Pick Disease Type C NPC ),
as well as our proprietary powder formulation and its nasal delivery device. 

We received 
upon the execution of the Agreement on October 4, 2023, and received the additional 
on December 11, 2023, upon our stockholder approval for the sale of the Assets. Following the closing of the Agreement on December
28, 2023, we received 
shares of Preferred Stock. Upon receipt, 
shares of the Preferred Stock, which represented 19.9 of the then outstanding shares of Oragenics common stock, converted
into 
shares of Oragenics restricted common stock. Then restricted common stock became freely tradeable on June 28, 2024, subject to Rule
144 restrictions and limitations that limit us to being allowed to sell no more than an amount equal to the greater of (i) 1 of the
total shares of Oragenics common stock outstanding or (ii) the average of the previous four-week trading volume during each
quarterly period. 

Prior to closing, we were required to obtain the consent
of Mast Hill Fund, L.P Mast Hill to consummate the closing of the Agreement. As part of the consent, we entered into a
pledge agreement with Mast Hill granting a security interest in of the preferred shares, and collectively with all of the
common shares or other securities into which the preferred shares are converted or exchanged into common shares, until the Mast Hill debt
is paid. 

The remaining shares of convertible Preferred
Stock will convert upon Oragenics shareholder approval and upon certain listing and change in control criteria being achieved. Restrictions
on the sale or conversion of the Preferred Stock must include all of the following: (i) the Corporation shall have applied for and been
approved for initial listing on the NYSE American or another national securities exchange or shall have been delisted from the NYSE American,
and (ii) if, and only if, required by the rules of the NYSE American, the Corporation s shareholders shall have approved any change
of control that could be deemed to occur upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock into Oragenics Common Stock, based on the facts and
circumstances existing at such time. 

shares of our common stock plus (ii) the Milestone Consideration. 

The Milestone Consideration Milestone may be earned by Prevacus as follows: 

(i) 
 2,000,000 shares of our common stock when the United States Patents are revived in our name by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and any international patents that have lapsed also revived in our name by the respective country s patent offices. The value of shares issued were not to exceed 6.0 million based on the price of our common stock on the date the payment would have been due. This milestone was not met as the relevant patents lapsed; 

(ii) 
 1,000,000 shares of our common stock upon successful first dosing in a Phase I Clinical Trial for the Asset. This milestone was met in March 2022; 

(iii) 
 2,000,000 shares of our common stock upon the grant and issuance to us of a Patent for the Asset from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the value of which shall not exceed 10.0 million based on the price of our common stock on the date the payment is due; 

(iv) 
 1,000,000 shares of our common stock upon our receipt of net proceeds of at least 1.0 million in a Non-Dilutive Financing relating directly to the development of the Asset within one year after the Closing Date or, in the event of any Non-Dilutive Financing submitted prior to the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date, the milestone will stay effective until the second year anniversary of the Closing Date. This milestone will not be met as the one-year deadline lapsed; 

(v) 
 2,000,000 shares of our common stock if we sell the Asset to a Third Party resulting in net proceeds to us of at least 50.0 million after a Phase IB Clinical Trial for which we are the sponsor is complete, but prior to completion of a Phase II Clinical Trial. The value of the 2,000,000 shares related to this milestone shall not exceed 25.0 million based on the price of our common stock on the date the payment is due. This milestone was not met; 

(vi) 
 4,000,000 shares of our common stock upon the successful completion of a Phase II Clinical Trial for the Asset that leads to (I) our sale of the Asset to a Third Party resulting in net proceeds to us of at least 50.0 million; or (II) the administration of the first dose in a Phase III Clinical Trial for the Asset for which we are, or one of our affiliates or licensees is the sponsor; and 

(vii) 
 2,000,000 shares of our common stock after the first dosing in a Phase II Clinical Trial and the successful completion of a Phase 1B human clinical trial. 

All Milestone payments shall only be paid once,
upon the initial achievement of the particular Milestone event. We, at our sole and absolute discretion, shall determine if any Milestone
event has occurred. To the extent the related milestones are not achieved, the above-mentioned Milestone payments will terminate and cease
to exist, and we will no longer be liable thereunder, if said Milestone is not completed within four years after the Closing Date. 

On March 1, 2021 (the
 Closing Date ), our APA with Prevacus closed and we issued 
shares of our common stock valued at 1.18 per share for the stock granted on the date of acquisition for .
We withheld 1,000,000 shares of our common stock valued at 1.18 per share, for 1,180,000, in exchange for our payment of certain
liabilities of Prevacus which was recorded as an Asset purchase liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any remaining Asset
purchase liability, once all obligations have been paid, will be satisfied with the release of shares of our common stock at 1.18
per share. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Asset purchase liability was . 

In addition, shares of our common stock
valued at 1.18 per share for was recorded as a component of Additional Paid in Capital for achievement of the milestone related
to the first dosing in a Phase I Clinical Trial in March 2022. 

We determined that, in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 730 Research
and Development (ASC 730-10-25-2(c)) and pursuant to ASC 730-10-25-2(c), intangibles purchased from others for use in particular research
and development projects and that have no alternative future use in research and development or otherwise, represent costs of research
and development as acquired, and therefore are expensed when incurred. Accordingly, On March 1, 2021, the date of acquisition, we expensed
 9,440,000 as In-process research and development. 

There were no financial instruments
carried at fair value at July 31, 2023. 

Valuation of Oragenics Common Stock 

 Our 511,308 shares of Oragenics common stock were
valued at 1.04 on July 31, 2024, as quoted on the NYSE American Stock Exchange. 

Valuation of Oragenics Series F Preferred
Stock 

 Cost was originally determined utilizing the Black-Scholes
pricing model inputs of (i) expected volatility of 79.4 , (ii) risk free interest rate of 5.6 , (ii) expected life of six months, and
(iv) an implied discount rate of 25 for the known restrictions on the sale and conversion of the Series F preferred stock and the value
at December 28, 2023 was 12,955,437. 

As discussed in Note
2, we determined that our investment in Oragenics Preferred Stock was 100 impaired due to the decline in value of the underlying Oragenics
common stock and based on conditions set forth in the Agreement stating 1) the Series F preferred stock converts into common stock on
a 1-to-1 basis not exceeding 19.9 of the total outstanding shares of Oragenics common stock, 2) the continued listing of the Oragenics
common stock on the NYSE American Exchange in order for the Series F to convert into common stock, 3) the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
and 4) the limitations under SEC Rule 144, including (i) the number of shares available for sale, (ii) the prescribed holding period of
six months, and (iii) affiliates restrictions on sell in excess of the greater of 1 of the total shares outstanding or the average of
the previous four-week trading volume. 

Contingent Liabilities 

 At July 31, 2024 and 2023,
we had contingent consideration related to the acquisition of intellectual property, know-how and patents for an anti-choking, life-saving
medical device in fiscal 2019. According to the agreement, we will make a one-time cash payment totaling upon FDA clearance of
the device. The fair value of the contingent consideration is reviewed quarterly and determined based on the current status of the project
(Level 3). We determined the value was zero at both periods since it is not yet probable that we will file for FDA clearance. 

We also had contingent consideration
at July 31, 2024 and 2023 related to milestones in our Asset Purchase Agreement with Prevacus, Inc. The fair value of the contingent
consideration is reviewed quarterly and determined based on the current status of the project (Level 3). Based on these reviews, the fair
value of the contingent consideration was determined to be zero at both periods as it is not yet probable that any of the remaining milestones
will be met. See Note 5 for additional information. 

Fixed-Rate Debt 

 We have fixed-rate debt that
is reported on our Balance Sheets at carrying value less unamortized debt discount and closing costs. The fair value of our fixed rate
debt was calculated using a discounted cash flow methodology with estimated current interest rates based on similar risk profile and duration
(Level 2). The carrying value, excluding unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs, and the fair value of our fixed-rate long-term
debt was as follows: 

Fair value 

. As consideration, was added to
the principal amount outstanding and is being amortized as interest expense over the remaining term of the Note. All other terms and conditions
remain the same. 

On November 10, 2022, LGH provided notice to convert
 of their outstanding convertible note into shares of our common stock at 0.20 per share. 

On December 29, 2022, we
entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Convertible Promissory Note to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 5, 2021, with LGH. Pursuant
to the Amendment No. 4, the maturity date of the note was extended to . As consideration, we paid towards the principal
amount outstanding and was added to the principal amount outstanding. All other terms and conditions remained the same. 

On March 31, 2023, we entered
into Amendment No. 5 to the Convertible Promissory Note to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 5, 2021, with LGH. Pursuant to
the Amendment No. 5, the maturity date of the note was extended to . As consideration, was added to the principal
amount outstanding. All other terms and conditions remained the same. 

On July 6, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 6 to
the Convertible Promissory Note to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 5, 2021, with LGH. Pursuant to the Amendment No. 6, the
maturity date of the note was extended to . As consideration, was added to the principal amount outstanding and
interest shall be charged on the unpaid Principal Amount at the rate of 8 per annum from July 6, 2023. All other terms and conditions
remained the same. 

On August 28, 2023, we paid LGH of principal
on this Note, and on December 15, 2023, we paid LGH of principal on this note. 

On December 30, 2023, we entered into Amendment No.
7 to the Convertible Promissory Note to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 5, 2021, with LGH. Pursuant to the Amendment, the
maturity date of the note was extended to . As consideration, was added to the principal amount outstanding. In addition,
Section (3)(d)(ii) was redefined to allow us to prepay the Note at any time by providing LGH notice of our intent to prepay the outstanding
amounts due under the Note. Once we provide notice of our intent to prepay, then LGH shall have the sole option to convert any amounts
due under the Note for 30 days prior to us making payment. If LGH does not elect to make a conversion within the 30 days, we will tender
the full amount in the prepayment notice by paying 110 of the total outstanding balance including all principal, defaults and interest
to LGH within 5 calendar days. If LGH has previously provided a notice of conversion to us, we may not prepay any of the amount included
in such notice. All other terms and conditions remain the same. 

On June 30, 2024, we entered into Amendment No.
8 to the Convertible Promissory Note to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 5, 2021, with LGH. Pursuant to the Amendment, the
maturity date of the note was extended to December 31, 2024. As consideration the note conversion price was changed to 0.072 per common
share. 

Following these amendments and payments, at July 31,
2024, there was of principal and of accrued interest outstanding compared to of principal and of
accrued interest at July 31, 2023. 

Tysadco Partners, LLC/ClearThink Capital Partners,
LLC 

 On March 14, 2023, we entered into a Second Amendment
to the Convertible Promissory Note (the Second Amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 29, 2021, with
Tysadco Partners, LLC Tysadco ). Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the maturity date of the note was extended to December
31, 2023. As consideration, the conversion price was amended to 0.20 per share from 0.30 per share and, upon execution, we converted
 of the note into shares of our common stock. Subsequent to this conversion, of principal and of
accrued interest remained outstanding on the note at July 31, 2023. This note included a set amount of interest of 20,000 for the life
of the note. In addition, Tysadco assigned this note to ClearThink Capital Partners, LLC. 

On December 20, 2023, ClearThink Capital
Partners, LLC ClearThink exercised their option to convert their convertible note payable of 
plus 
of accrued interest into 
shares of common stock at 0.20 per share. 

Accredited Investor Promissory Note 

 On February 13, 2024, we entered into a six-month
promissory note for ,
with Jonathan Lutz, an accredited investor, with an interest rate of 
per annum and due August 11, 2024 and convertible into 20,000 shares of Oragenics common stock currently held by us at the investor s
option. In June 2024, this note was amended to provide for settlement of the note by issuing the accredited investor 
 shares of Oragenics common stock currently held by us at the investor s option. In August 2024, this note was amended to
extended the maturity date to February 13, 2025. At July 31, 2024, in principal and in accrued interest remained outstanding. 

Directors and Officers Promissory Notes 

 On December 21, 2021, and
December 22, 2021, we entered into a total of five Promissory Notes (the Promissory Notes with three of our directors and
two officers. 

Mr. Joseph Michael Redmond,
President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Christine M. Farrell, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jerome H. Casey, Director, Mr. John P. Gandolfo,
Director, and Mr. Ricky W. Richardson, Director, each loaned us for total proceeds of . The Promissory Notes bear interest
at per annum and were originally due March 31, 2022. 

On October 19, 2023, John Gandolfo, former director,
exercised his option to convert his convertible note of plus of accrued interest into shares of common stock at
 0.12 per share. 

On November 1, 2023, we entered into four Promissory
Note Amendments (the Amendments to the Promissory Notes entered into December 21, 2021, and December 22, 2021 with two
directors and two officers to extend the maturity date of the Promissory Notes to January 31, 2024. All other terms and conditions remained
the same. 

On July 31, 2024, we entered into four Promissory
Note Amendments (the Amendments to the Promissory Notes entered into December 21, 2021, and December 22, 2021 with two
directors and two officers to extend the maturity date of the Promissory Notes to . All other terms and conditions remained
the same. 

At July 31, 2024 and
July 31, 2023, we had and , respectively, of principal and 
and ,
respectively, of accrued interest related to these Promissory Notes. 

Mast Hill Fund L.P. 

 On December 13, 2022, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Pursuant to the SPA, we sold Mast Hill (i) an face value,
one-year, per annum Promissory Note convertible into shares of our common stock at 0.12 per share, (ii) a five-year share purchase
warrant entitling Mast Hill to acquire shares of our common stock at 0.20 per share (the Warrant ), and (iii)
a five-year warrant for shares of our common stock at 0.20 per share issuable in the event of default. Net proceeds after original
discount, fees, and expenses, was . Pursuant to our agreement with Mast Hill, we were required to notify Mast Hill of any draws
on the LPC equity line of credit and at their request remit 30 of the proceeds. In connection with the Mast Hill agreement, we issued
Carter Terry Company, Inc. shares of our common stock valued at . 

On June 13, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 1
to the SPA dated December 13, 2022. Pursuant to the Amendment, we (i) increased the principal balance by to a total of 
to be amortized over the life of the note, (ii) issued a five-year common stock purchase warrant to Mast Hill Fund L.P. for the purchase
of shares of our common stock at 0.20 per share with a fair value of , (iii) extended the maturity dated to June 13,
2024, (iv) extended the amortization payments, and (v) changed the terms of the repayment from proceeds from other sources. 

On March 13, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 2
to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 13, 2022, with Mast Hill. Pursuant to the Amendment, the amortization payment
due March 13, 2024, was extended to September 13, 2024, and the maturity date was extended to . 

Mast Hill converted the following amounts of principal,
interest and fees to shares of our common stock: 

October 9, 2023 

November 6, 2023 

November 9, 2023 

December 22, 2023 

January 18, 2024 

Total 

Payments made to Mast Hill were as follows: 

October 6, 2023 

December 13, 2023 

Total 

On August 7, 2023, Mast Hill converted their outstanding
warrant exercisable for shares in a cashless exercise. The conversion resulted in the purchase of shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of 0.075 per share. Following this conversion, no shares remained available pursuant to this warrant. 

Due to the remaining 5,000,000 Mast Hill warrants
containing a down-round provision, which was triggered prior to July 31, 2023, we issued an additional warrants exercisable
at 0.072 per share having a total value of during the period ended January 31, 2024. The 63,455 was recorded as a deemed dividend
in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the period ended January 31, 2024. In addition, the exercise price of the 5,000,000
warrants was reduced to 0.072 per share from 0.20 per share. 

On March 14, 2024, Mast Hill converted their outstanding
warrant for shares of our common stock in a cashless exercise, which resulted in the issuance of shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of 0.072 per share. Following this exercise, Mast Hill had warrants exercisable for shares of our
common stock at 0.072 per share. 

Following these repayments and conversions, at
July 31, 2024, and July 31, 2023, respectively, there was 
 and of principal, 
 and of accrued interest and warrants exercisable for 
 and shares of our common stock outstanding. 

Accredited Investors Note Purchase Agreement 

 On July 7, 2023, we received a 
 advance from an accredited investor related to a 
 Note Purchase Agreement (the NPA entered into with two accredited investors on August 15, 2023, at which time the
additional 350,000 was received. The NPA had a 12 per annum interest rate and maturity date of August 15, 2024. 

On December 29, 2023, the two accredited investors
provided notice to convert their NPA. On January 26, 2024, we converted 
 principal plus accrued interest of 
 for a total of 
 into 
 shares of our common stock at 0.072 per share and amounts remained outstanding. 

Notes Payable Outstanding 

Promissory notes issued to officers and directors due December 31, 2024, with an interest rate of 8.0 per annum and convertible at 0.12 per share 

Accredited investor promissory note due August 11, 2024, with an interest rate of 10 per annum and convertible into 30,000 shares of Oragenics common stock held by us. As of the date of this filing, this note remains outstanding. 

Note purchase agreement issued to two accredited investors due August 15, 2024, with an interest rate of 12 per annum 

ClearThink convertible promissory note due December 31, 2023, with a set interest amount of 20,000 and convertible at 0.20 per share 

Mast Hill convertible promissory note due December 13, 2024, with an interest rate of 10 per annum and convertible at 0.072 per share 

Unamortized debt discount and closing costs 

Unamortized beneficial conversion feature 

See Note 14 for discussion of a 300,000 promissory
note entered into in August 2024. 

. At July 31, 2024, shares remained available for future issuances
and shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance for awards outstanding pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Awards covering
a total of shares were granted outside of the 2021 Plan in fiscal 2024, all of which were outstanding at July 31, 2024. 

Stock Options 

 Stock option activity during fiscal 2024 was as follows: 

Options granted 

Options canceled 

Options expired 

Options forfeited 

Options outstanding at July 31, 2024 

Criteria used for determining the Black-Scholes value
of options granted were as follows: 

 - 

- 

Risk free interest rate 

- 

- 

Expected life of options (years) 

- 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Restricted Stock Units RSUs 

 RSU activity during fiscal 2024 was as follows: 

RSUs vested 

RSUs outstanding at July 31, 2024 

Warrants 

Warrant activity during fiscal 2024 was as follows: 

Warrants issued 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants cancelled 

Warrants outstanding at July 31, 2024 

Unrecognized Stock-Based Compensation Costs 

 At July 31, 2024, we had total unrecognized stock-based
compensation of , which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 

shares in a cashless exercise, which resulted in the issuance of shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of 0.075 per share. Following this conversion, no shares remained available pursuant to this warrant. 

On March 14, 2024, Mast Hill converted their outstanding
warrant for shares of our common stock in a cashless exercise, which resulted in the issuance of shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of 0.072 per share. Following this exercise, Mast Hill had warrants exercisable for shares of our
common stock at 0.072 per share. 

During fiscal 2024, Mast Hill converted a total of
 of principal, of accrued interest and of fees into shares of our common stock. See Note 7. 

Return of Shares 

 On August 24, 2023, ClearThink voluntarily returned
 shares of our common stock following their inadvertent sale of shares of our common stock exceeding predetermined limits. 

Convertible Notes Payable 

 On October 19, 2023, John Gandolfo, former director,
exercised his option to convert his convertible note of plus interest into shares of common stock at 0.12 per
share. 

On December 29, 2023, ClearThink exercised their option
to convert their convertible note payable of plus of interest into shares of common stock at 0.20 per share. 

Accredited Investors Note Purchase Agreement 

 On December 29, 2023, the accredited investors provided
notice to convert their notes. On January 26, 2024, we converted a total of of principal plus accrued interest of for
a total of into shares of our common stock at 0.072 per share. No amounts remained outstanding pursuant to this note
purchase agreement at April 30, 2024. 

Restricted Shares Issued
to Consultants 

 In September and October
2022 and March 2023, in connection with entering into consulting agreements, we issued consultants restricted shares of our
common stock valued at an average price of per share for a total value of which was expensed as a component of General
and administrative. 

Lincoln Park Capital Fund 

October 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

 On October 22, 2021, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC LPC pursuant to which we received 
in cash from LPC and LPC received (i) restricted shares of our common stock, and (ii) warrants exercisable at 
per common share expiring in five years. 

August 2020 Securities Purchase Agreement 

 On August 14, 2020, we entered into a Purchase Agreement
(the LPC Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park or LPC ). Pursuant
to the LPC Purchase Agreement, we had the right, in our sole discretion, to sell to LPC up to 10,250,000 in shares of our common stock,
from time to time until the expiration on December 31, 2023. In consideration for entering into the LPC Purchase Agreement, we issued
 shares of our common stock to LPC. 

Upon entering into the LPC Purchase Agreement, we
sold shares of our common stock to LPC in an initial purchase for a total purchase price of . Thereafter, and through
the expiration date, LPC purchased a total of shares of our common stock for total proceeds to us of . Of these amounts, 
and shares were purchased for total proceeds to us of and , respectively, in fiscal 2024 and 2023. 

In connection with the LPC transaction, we engaged
A.G.P. as a placement agent to help raise capital. A.G.P. introduced us to LPC, for which we paid A.G.P. a fee of 8 of the amount of
the funds received from LPC., which totaled 111,468 over the life of the LPC Purchase. 

In addition, and in consideration for the service
provided in connection with Labrys and LPC, we granted warrants that were immediately exercisable for a total of shares of our
common stock at per share to A.G.P. and two partners of A.G.P. The warrants had a value of and expire . Of
the 220,000, 91,667 was netted against the LPC equity transaction and 128,333 was recorded as debt closing costs related to the Labrys
transaction and was amortized over the one-year life of the note. 

LGH 

 In connection with an amendment to the LGH Note, dated
February 1, 2022, we issued LGH shares of our common stock with a value of . See Note 6 for additional information. 

Prevacus Option Agreement 

 On November 21, 2022, we
entered into an Option to Purchase Intellectual Property Agreement (the Option Agreement with Prevacus, Inc., which expired
May 20, 2023. We had the option to purchase and acquire from Prevacus, free and clear of all encumbrances, 100 of Prevacus right,
title, and interest in the worldwide and USPTO Patents to ONP-001 and one Enantiomer. As consideration, we issued Prevacus shares
of our common stock at per share for a total value of which was expensed as In-process research and development in fiscal
2023. The compensation that would have been paid to Prevacus for 100 of ONP-001 was shares of our common stock and the consideration
for the enantiomer would have been shares of our common stock. The total purchase price would have been net of any equity paid
to purchase the Option. 

Common Stock Issued
in Connection with Debt Financings 

 As discussed above in Note
7, we issued the following shares of our common stock in connection with debt financings during fiscal 2024 and 2023: 

shares issued on November 10, 2022 upon the conversion by LGH of of their outstanding convertible note; 

shares with a value of issued to Carter Terry Company, Inc. on December 13, 2022 in connection with Mast Hill financing; 

shares on March 14, 2023 in connection with ClearThink s Amendment No.2 with the conversion of ; 

shares issued to Mast Hill on June 15, 2023 in connection with their conversion of of accrued interest and of fees; 

shares on August 7, 2023 upon Mast Hill s cashless exercise of warrants exercisable for shares of our common stock; 

shares issued to John Gandolfo on October 19, 2023 in connection with the conversion of his note payable; 

shares issued on October 29, 2023 upon Mast Hill s conversion of of principal, of accrued interest and of fees; 

shares issued on November 6, 2023 upon Mast Hill s conversion of of principal, of accrued interest and of fees; 

shares issued on November 29, 2023 upon Mast Hill s conversion of of principal, of interest and of fees; 

shares issued on December 22, 2023 upon Mast Hill s conversion of of principal, of accrued interest and of fees; 

shares on December 20, 2023 in connection with ClearThink s conversion of its convertible note and of accrued interest; 

shares issued to accredited investors on December 29, 2023 upon conversion of of principal and of accrued interest; 

shares issued on January 18, 2024 upon Mast Hill s conversion of of principal, of accrued interest and of fees; and 

shares on March 14, 2024 upon Mast Hill s cashless exercise of warrants exercisable of shares of our common stock. 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Our tax provision (benefit) was as follows: 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Total 

Our net deferred tax asset was as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

As of July 31, 2024, we had 
of federal net operating loss carry forwards. These carry forwards, if not used, will begin to expire in 2040.
Current or future ownership changes may severely limit the future realization of these net operating losses. 

We provide for a valuation allowance when it is more
likely than not that they will not realize a portion of the deferred tax assets. We established a valuation allowance against our net
deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty that enough taxable income will be generated in those taxing jurisdictions to utilize the assets.
Therefore, we have not reflected any benefit from such deferred tax assets in the accompanying financial statements. 

We reviewed the issuance of stock to certain senior
executives who received stock in conjunction with becoming an officer and director. In this case, as an officer and director of a publicly-traded
company, the sale of shares could be subject to the short-swing profits rules of Securities Exchange Act Section 16(b) and is subject
to a substantial risk of forfeiture per IRC 83 (c)(3)(A). Given that such stock is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture,
such stock is treated as nonvested stock under IRC 83. As the stock received was nonvested stock, income inclusion is deferred
until the year in which the stock vests unless the employee makes an affirmative election to include income in the year of receipt. 

We reviewed all income tax positions taken or that
are expected to be taken for all open years and determined that our income tax positions are appropriately stated and supported for all
open years. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years after 2024 due to unexpired net operating
loss carryforwards originating in and subsequent to that year. We may be subject to income tax examinations for the various taxing authorities
which vary by jurisdiction. Our policy is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income
taxes in the statements of operations. As of July 31, 2024, there were unrecognized tax benefits, or any tax related interest or penalties.
We do not have any examinations ongoing. Tax returns for the years 2014 onwards are subject to federal, state or local examinations. 

Christine Farrell, CFO 

The amount of unpaid salary and bonus due to our officers
was included in Accrued wages on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and was as follows: 

Christine Farrell, CFO 

See Note 7 for a discussion of Promissory Notes payable to each
of two officers and two directors. 

Equivalent shares of convertible notes into common stock 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Unvested restricted stock units 

Total potentially dilutive securities 

. We retained Tarro 
Marotti Law Firm, LLC of Warwick, Rhode Island. On February 8, 2024, a motion to dismiss was entered in the Kent County Superior Court
of Rhode Island and a notice of hearing was held on July, 8, 2024, in the Kent County Superior Court. As no timely objection was filed,
and after hearing the motion, the presiding Judge granted the motion to dismiss and the Order was signed on July 24, 2024. 

F- 24 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2024. The term
 disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives.
Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting
Officer concluded that, as of such date, as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that are
described below in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

In light of the material weakness described below,
as of July 31, 2024, prior to the filing of this Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2024, management determined that key controls
were performed timely and additional procedures were performed, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data
used to support the amounts reported in the financial statements. These control activities and additional procedures have allowed us to
conclude that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses, the financial statements in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects,
our financial position, results of operations, statement of shareholder equity and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity
with United States GAAP. 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

Internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. 

Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements. In addition, effective internal
control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree
of compliance with our established policies and procedures. 

A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or
combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

42 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
our president and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting,
as of July 31, 2024, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our evaluation under this framework, we concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of the evaluation date due to the factors stated below. 

Insufficient Resources: We have
an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. 

Inadequate Segregation of Duties : We
have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. 

We are committed to improving the internal controls
and will (1) continue to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist us with accounting and finance responsibilities,
(2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts, which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties
until there are sufficient personnel, and (3) may consider appointing additional outside directors and audit committee members in the
future. 

We have discussed the material weakness noted above
with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material weakness, there is a more than remote likelihood
that misstatements, which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could occur that would not be prevented or detected. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject to attestation
by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only our report in this annual
report. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended July 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

During the quarter ended July 31, 2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

43 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors 

Our Board of Directors currently
consists of three members, each of whom serve for a one-year term or until a successor has been elected and qualified: Joseph Michael
Redmond, Jerome H. Casey and Ricky W. Richardson. 

The name of and certain information regarding
each director as of October 29, 2024 is set forth below. This information is based on data furnished to us by the directors. There
is no family relationship between any director, executive officer, or person nominated to become a director or executive officer.
The business address for each director for matters regarding the Company is 2300 West Sahara Avenue, Suite 800-#4012, Las Vegas, NV
89102. 

The following table provides certain summary information
concerning our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with Odyssey 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 64 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2017 
 
 Jerome H. Casey 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 2019 
 
 Ricky W. Richardson 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 2021 

Joseph Michael Redmond has served as
our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board since 2017. Effective December 28, 2023, Mr. Redmond also serves as the
President of Oragenics, Inc., a development stage company dedicated to research and development of nasal delivery pharmaceutical medications.
Mr. Redmond has over 30 years commercial experience in medical device companies. Prior to joining Odyssey, Mr. Redmond served as CEO of
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., a healthcare related company, from 2010 to 2017 where he acquired two businesses and three different patented
technologies. Prior to this, Mr. Redmond was V.P. of Business Development for DxTech, Inc., a start-up company developing a unique point
of care diagnostic testing platform, from 2007 to 2009 when the company was sold. Prior to this, Mr. Redmond served as the V.P. of Sales
and Marketing for Bioject Medical Technologies, Inc. Bioject ), a medical device company specializing in unique drug delivery
technologies, from 1996 to 2007. While at Bioject, Mr. Redmond helped raise over 15 million in capital, entered into several licensing
and distribution deals with major biotech and pharmaceutical companies and grew the market cap of the company from under 10 million to
over 400 million. Prior to this, Mr. Redmond held various sales and marketing positions at Abbott Laboratories a multi-billion dollar
healthcare company and helped start KMC Systems Inc., now a leading private label developer and manufacturer of medical devices and instrumentation.
Mr. Redmond was in charge of Sales and Marketing and grew the company from start-up to over 50 million in revenue. Mr. Redmond has a
B.A. degree from Denison University. 

We believe that Mr. Redmond possesses specific attributes
that qualify him to serve on the board of directors, including his extensive experience in the health and wellness industry while working
with and managing companies within the industry and as a board member his knowledge about product strategies and marketing will assist
the company in developing businesses. Mr. Redmond has management experience in a publicly traded company. 

44 

Jerome
H. Casey has been a Director since September 2019. Mr. Casey has been a leader in the life science industry for over 30 years.
Mr. Casey served as a senior executive at Genzyme Corporation, a biotechnology company, from 1989 to 2011. Mr. Casey was the driver behind
Genzyme s commercial success in the diagnostics arena, building a 175 million business which Genzyme sold to Japan-based Sekisui
Chemical in 2011. Mr. Casey then became the President and COO of the new entity, Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC, until the end of 2014. While
President and COO, Mr. Casey established the strategic direction for the company; led the global organization, including the commercial,
operations, research and development, finance, human resources, and legal functions; and achieved the annual and long-term financial objectives
of the business. Since 2015, Mr. Casey has been actively involved in several life sciences ventures, both as an advisor and an investor,
while serving on multiple Boards. Mr. Casey holds an M.B.A. degree in Finance and a B.A. degree in Political Science from the University
of Connecticut. 

We believe that Mr. Casey possesses specific attributes
that qualify Mr. Casey to serve on the board of directors, including Mr. Casey s extensive
experience in the life sciences and pharmaceutical industries, as well as Mr. Casey s management
experience. Mr. Casey has management experience in a publicly-traded company. 

Ricky W. Richardson has been a Director
since May 2021. Mr. Richardson has over 30 years of experience as a global operations and quality leader. He possesses strong operations
and quality experience that includes change management, multi-plant operations, financial acumen, supply chain/vendor management, strategic
business development, start-up planning and execution, new product introductions and lean deployment. From November 2020 to present, Mr.
Richardson has served as the Vice President of Quality and Continuous Improvement for Advanced Drainage Systems, which is an industry
leader in the design and manufacturing of products supporting water management solutions. From September 2011 to October 2020, Mr. Richardson
held positions at Danaher Corporation, a multi-billion-dollar global manufacturer of Diagnostic, Life Sciences, Product Identification,
Water Quality and Environmental/Applied Solutions products and services. His most recent positions included Corporate Director of Danaher
Business Systems DBS Integration Regulatory Affairs and Compliance and Corporate Director, of DBS Operations and Lean. From
February 2008 to July 2011, Mr. Richardson was Director of Operations, Continuous Improvement for Stryker Orthopaedics, a multi-billion
dollar global manufacturer of Orthopaedics. Prior to this, Mr. Richardson held various positions at Bioject Medical Technologies, Inc.,
Baxter Healthcare and Texas Instruments. From 1984 to 1987 he was a Lieutenant, Field Artillery, with the U.S. Army. He holds a B.S. degree
in Engineering from the U.S. Military Academy, West Point, NY. Mr. Richardson has extensive management experience in manufacturing, regulatory
and quality assurance of FDA approved medical products. 

We believe that Mr. Richardson possesses specific
attributes that qualify Mr. Richardson to serve on the board of directors, including Mr. Richardson s
 extensive experience in the life sciences and medical device industries, as well as Mr. Richardson s 
management experience. Mr. Richardson has management experience in a publicly-traded company. 

No Family Relationships 

No family relationship exists among any of the directors
or executive officers. No arrangement or understanding exists between any director or executive officer and any other person pursuant
to which any director was selected as a director or executive officer of Odyssey. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our
directors, officers and all employees. It may be obtained free of charge by writing to Odyssey Group International, Inc., Attn: Chief
Executive Officer, 2300 West Sahara Avenue, Suite 800-#4012, Las Vegas, NV 89102. 

Board of Directors Composition 

Our board of directors currently consists of three
members. Our bylaws permit our board of directors to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors, and five directors are
currently authorized. 

45 

Director Independence 

Under the rules of the national securities exchanges,
a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent directors, and each member of a listed company s
audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent as well. Under the same rules, a director
will only qualify as an independent director if that company s board of directors affirmatively determines that such
director has no material relationship with that company, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with that company. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by applicable laws,
rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for independent directors established by the NASDAQ National
Market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Our Board has determined Messrs. Casey and Richardson
are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

In addition, we determined that the members of our
audit committee satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In order
to be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, no member of the audit committee may, other than in his capacity as a member
of the audit committee, the board of directors or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory
or other compensatory fee from the company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Our Board met four times in fiscal 2024 and all of
our directors attended the meetings of our Board and the meetings held by the committee(s) on which they served. Currently, we do not
have a policy requiring our Board members attendance at the annual stockholder meeting. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Board currently has three standing committees:
an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Each committee is governed by a written
charter. The full text of each committee charter is available on our website located at www.odysseyhealthinc.com/investor-relations or
in print to any interested party who requests it. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee assists our Board in fulfilling
its oversight responsibility for the (i) financial reporting process, (ii) the system of internal control over financial reporting, (iii)
the audit process, and (iv) our process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations and the code of conduct. 

In fulfilling the duties outlined in its charter,
the Audit Committee, among other things, shall have the authority and responsibility to: 

select, evaluate and, where appropriate, replace our independent registered public accounting firm; 

review and confirm the independence of the external auditors by obtaining statements from the auditors on relationships between the auditors and the company, including non-audit services, and discussing the relationships with the auditors; 

review and discuss with management and our independent registered public accounting firm, prior to release to the general public and legal and regulatory agencies, our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements, including disclosures contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and matters required to be reviewed under applicable legal, regulatory or public company exchange listing requirements; 

consider the effectiveness of our internal control over annual and interim financial reporting, and understand the scope of internal and external auditors review of internal control over financial reporting, and obtain reports on significant findings and recommendations, together with management s responses; 

review the effectiveness of the internal audit function, including compliance with The Institute of Internal Auditors Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing; 

review management s report on internal control over financial reporting and discuss with management and the independent registered public accounting firm any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of our internal controls; 

retain outside counsel, accountants or others to advise the committee or assist in the conduct of an investigation; and 

seek any information it requires from employees or external parties and meet with company officers, external auditors or outside counsel, as necessary. 

46 

A copy of the full text of the Audit Committee Charter
can be found on our website at www.odysseyhealthinc.com. 

During fiscal 2024, the Audit Committee was comprised
of two independent directors: Jerome H. Casey (Interim Chair and Financial Expert) and Ricky Richardson. The Audit Committee met four
times in fiscal 2024. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee was established to support
the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities relating to compensation of our executive officers, the adoption of policies that
govern our compensation and benefit programs, oversight of plans for executive officer development and succession and ensuring compliance
with regulatory bodies where applicable. The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the compensation of our employees, including
equity-based plans, and employee benefit plans and practices, including the compensation and benefits of our executive officers. The Compensation
Committee also administers our Amended and Restated 2021Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 

In fulfilling the duties outlined in its charter,
the Compensation Committee, among other things, shall: 

assist the Board in establishing CEO annual goals and objectives and recommend the CEO s annual compensation including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation, as applicable, to the other independent members of the Board for approval; 

review the structure and competitiveness of our CEO s compensation programs considering the following factors: (i) the attraction and retention of the CEO; (ii) the motivation of the CEO to achieve our business objectives; and (iii) the alignment of the interests of the CEO with the long-term interests of our stockholders; 

oversee the evaluation of the performance of our other executive officers and approve the annual compensation, including salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation, for executive management; 

review the structure and competitiveness of our executive compensation programs considering the following factors: (i) the attraction and retention; (ii) the motivation of executive management to achieve our business objectives; and (iii) the alignment of the interests of executive management with the long-term interests of our stockholders; and 

with respect to SEC reporting requirements, review and discuss with management our compensation discussion and analysis, and oversee the preparation of, and approve, the Compensation Committee s report on executive compensation to be included in our proxy statement. 

During fiscal 2024, the Compensation Committee was
comprised of two independent members: Ricky W. Richardson (Chair) and Jerome H. Casey. The Compensation Committee met one time in fiscal
2024. 

Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee
has the authority, to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate, to retain compensation consultants, independent legal counsel or other
advisors and has the authority to approve the fees and other retention terms with respect to such advisors. From time to time the Compensation
Committee may engage compensation consultants to advise it on certain matters. 

A copy of the full text of the Compensation Committee
Charter can be found on our website at www.odysseyhealthinc.com. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

The Compensation Committee is comprised of two independent
directors: Ricky Richardson (Chair) and Jerome H. Casey. No officer of the Company is on the board or compensation committee of any other
company where a member of the Odyssey Compensation Committee is an officer. 

47 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee was established to support the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary duties to appoint the best-qualified candidates
for the Board, and CEO positions. 

In fulfilling the duties outlined in its charter,
the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, among other things, shall: 

identify individuals qualified to become members of our Board and select director nominees to be presented for stockholder approval at our annual meeting of stockholders; 

review nominations against the selection criteria established by this Committee and develop a slate of nominees that represents those criteria for board selection; 

vet all candidates to ensure that they have the proper competencies, experience and willingness to fulfill their duties and responsibilities as board directors; and 

ensure that the board composition reflects the necessary criteria that meets best practices for independence and diversity. 

The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
will consider recommendations for directorships submitted by stockholders. Stockholders who wish the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee to consider their directorship recommendations should submit their recommendations in writing to Odyssey Health, Inc., 2300
West Sahara Avenue, Suite 800 - #4012, Las Vegas, NV 89102, Attn: Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Recommendations
by stockholders that are made in accordance with these procedures will receive the same consideration given to nominations made by the
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. 

Nominees may be suggested
by directors, members of management, stockholders or, in some cases, by a third-party firm. In identifying and considering candidates
for nomination to the Board, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers a candidate s quality of experience, the needs
and the range of talent and experience represented on our Board. In evaluating particular candidates, the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee will review the nominee s qualifications to ensure that they have the proper competencies, experience and willingness to fulfill
their duties and responsibilities as board directors. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will also ensure that the board
composition reflects the necessary criteria that meets best practices for independence and diversity. 

During fiscal 2024, the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee was comprised of two independent members: Jerome H. Casey (Chair) and Ricky W. Richardson. The Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee met one time in fiscal 2024. 

A full copy of the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee Charter can be found on our website at www.odysseyhealthinc.com. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Sections 78.7502 and 78.751 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes provides that directors and officers of Nevada corporations may, under certain circumstances, be indemnified against expenses
(including attorneys fees) and other liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by them as a result of any suit brought against
them in their capacity as a director or officer, if they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably believed to be in or
not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they had no reasonable
cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes also provides that directors and officers
of Nevada corporations also may be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by
them in connection with a derivative suit if they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification may be made without court approval if such person was adjudged
liable to the corporation. 

Article VIII of our articles of incorporation provides
that we shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, indemnify our directors, officers and certain other
persons. Article V, Section 1 of our bylaws provides that our directors, officers and certain other persons shall be indemnified and held
harmless by us to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

48 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Nevada State
Law 

We may be or in the future we may become subject to
Nevada s control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100
of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and if the corporation does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. 

The law focuses on the acquisition of a controlling
interest, which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares is sufficient, but for the control share law to enable the acquiring
person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (1) one-fifth or more
but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (3) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting
power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. 

The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring
person, and those acting in association with that person, obtain only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution
of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that
voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to take away voting rights from the
control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control
shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its
shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed
by the control share law. 

If control shares are accorded full voting rights
and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than
an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights, is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder s
shares. 

Nevada s control share law may have the effect of
discouraging corporate takeovers. 

In addition to the control share law, Nevada has a
business combination law, which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders 
for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation s
board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person
who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of
the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition
of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential
acquirer to use the corporation s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests
of the corporation and its other stockholders. 

The effect of Nevada s business combination law is
to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of the company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our Board
of Directors. 

Conflicts of Interest 

There are no conflicts of interest with any officers,
directors or executive staff. 

49 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The following table provides certain summary information
concerning our executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Current Position(s) with Odyssey 
 
 Officer 
 Since 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 64 
 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2017 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 2019 

Biographical information for Mr. Redmond is located
above under the heading Directors. 

Christine M. Farrell joined Odyssey
April 2019 as a financial consultant serving as our Controller and Secretary and became Chief Financial Officer and Secretary in January
2021. Effective December 28, 2023, Ms. Farrell also serves as the V.P. of Finance for Oragenics, Inc., a development stage company dedicated
to research and development of nasal delivery pharmaceutical medications. From February 1997 to 2014, Ms. Farrell was Vice President of
Finance for Bioject Medical Technologies Inc., a medical device company specializing in unique drug delivery technologies. Prior to joining
Bioject, Ms. Farrell held accounting and financial management positions with Spar-Tek Industries, a manufacturer of high quality
and cutting-edge technology for the plywood industry, and Action Machinery, a seller of new and used robotic machine tools and equipment.
Ms. Farrell holds a B.A. degree in Accounting from the University of Washington and an M.B.A. from Willamette University in Salem,
Oregon. 

We believe that Ms. Farrell possesses specific attributes
that qualify Ms. Farrell to serve as Chief Financial Officer, including experience in the medical device industry and management experience
in a publicly-traded company. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following Summary Compensation Table provides
certain summary information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for fiscal years 2024
and 2023. 

Name
and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) (1)(2) 

Stock 
 Awards ) (6) 

Option 

 Awards ) 

Total 

 ) 

Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 2024 

396,000 

73,219 
 (4)(5) 

469,219 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 2023 

396,000 

150,000 
 (3) 

546,000 

Christine M. Farrell 
 
 2024 

220,000 

73,219 
 (4)(5) 

293,219 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 2023 

220,000 

150,000 
 (3) 

156,500 
 (6) 

526,500 

______________________ 

(1) 
 As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, Mr. Redmond had accrued salary and bonus of 1,138,400 and 935,831, respectively, which will be paid either in cash or stock at a future date. 
 
 (2) 
 As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, Ms. Farrell had accrued salary and bonus of 360,309 and 257,771, respectively, which will be paid either in cash or stock at a future date. 
 
 (3) 
 In January 2023, we issued Mr. Redmond and Ms. Farrell 500,000 RSUs with a value of 150,000, of which 100,000 vested on January 12, 2023 and 400,000 vested on December 31, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 In December 2023, we issued Mr. Redmond and Ms. Farrell 500,000 Stock Options with a value of 49,500, which vested immediately. 
 
 (5) 
 In June 2024, we issued Mr. Redmond and Ms. Farrell 500,000 Stock Options with a value of 23,719. These options vested as to 40 of the total at July 31, 2024 and 20 vest October 31, 2024, 20 vest January 31, 2025 and 20 vest April 30, 2025. 
 
 (5) 
 In October 2022, we issued Ms. Farrell 500,000 stock options with a value of 156,500, which vested upon an uplisting to a higher exchange listing. 
 
 (6) 
 For information regarding the determination of the fair value of stock-based awards, see Notes 2 and 8 of Notes to Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 

50 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

Grant Date 
 Estimated Future Payouts under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 
 All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Option # 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Equity Awards ) 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 12/29/2023 
 50,000 
 500,000 
 49,500 

6/28/2024 
 50,000 
 500,000 
 23,719 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 12/29/2023 
 50,000 
 500,000 
 49,500 

6/28/2024 
 50,000 
 500,000 
 23,719 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding
equity awards held by our named executive officers as of July 31, 2024. 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Grant 
 Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unearned Unexercised Options(#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unearned Exercised Options(#) Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 6/28/2024 
 200,000 
 300,000 (1) 
 0.10 
 6/27/2034 

12/29/2023 
 500,000 
 
 0.10 
 12/28/2033 

5/19/2022 
 750,000 
 
 0.30 
 5/18/2032 

Christine M. Farrell 
 6/28/2024 
 200,000 
 300,000 (1) 
 0.10 
 6/27/2034 

12/29/2023 
 500,000 
 
 0.10 
 12/28/2033 

10/14/2022 
 500,000 
 
 0.32 
 10/13/32 

5/19/2022 
 600,000 
 
 0.30 
 5/18/2032 

__________________ 

(1) 
 These options vested as to 40 of the total at July 31, 2024 and 20 vest October 31, 2024, 20 vest January 31, 2025 and 20 vest April 30, 2025. 

Options Exercised and Stock Vested 

The following table provides information about options
exercised and stock awards vested for the named executive officers during fiscal 2024. 

Stock Awards 

Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting 
 Value Realized on Vesting (1) 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 416,665 
 45,483 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 138,890 
 15,161 

_________________ 

(1) 
 The value realized on vesting was determined based on the fair value of our common stock when the shares vested. 

51 

Contractual Arrangements 

Mr. Redmond 

 On January 21, 2021, the Board and Mr. Redmond entered
into an employment agreement (the Agreement for a three-year term, subject to one-year renewals. Pursuant to the Agreement,
Mr. Redmond receives an initial base salary of 300,000 per year, subject to an increase to 360,000 once the Company has obtained a total
of 5,000,000 in funding which was achieved in February 2022. Mr. Redmond is eligible to participate in our performance-based cash incentive
bonus program. Mr. Redmond is eligible to receive a bonus for each calendar year during the term
of the Agreement, of between 50 and 150 of Base Salary , commencing with the 2021 calendar year, based on the attainment of individual
and corporate performance goals and targets established by mutual agreement between the Board and Mr. Redmond
prior to January 31st of each calendar year. In connection with this Agreement, Mr. Redmond was granted RSUs covering 3,000,000 shares
of our common stock, vesting in equal monthly installments over 36 months, with accelerated vesting upon a change in control. In January
2023, Mr. Redmond s salary increased to 396,000. 

In addition,
the Agreement provides for certain payments and benefits in the event of a termination of Mr. Redmond s employment under
specific circumstances. If, during the term of the Agreement, his employment is terminated by us other than for cause, or
he resigns for good reason, he would be entitled to continuation of his base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior
to the termination date for the greater of (x) the time remaining in the current term (i.e. the initial term or a subsequent term) or
(y) 24 months following the termination date (the Severance Period ). The Company will continue to pay for Mr. Redmond s
health and dental coverage for the shorter of (x) the severance period or (y) the maximum period permissible under COBRA. In addition,
he would receive 80 of the maximum amount of his annual bonus for the calendar year in which the termination occurs, paid generally at
the same time as other executives receive their bonuses. The Company will also assign any outstanding life insurance policies on Mr. Redmond s
life to Mr. Redmond, provided that he continue to pay applicable premiums to continue coverage. The unvested portion of any outstanding
options or restricted stock units will vest upon such termination of employment. 

Under the Agreement, Cause means generally
that Mr. Redmond (x) pleads guilty or is convicted of a felony, in connection with the performance of his obligations to the Company,
which materially and adversely affects his ability to perform such obligations, or (y) the commission and conviction by Mr. Redmond of
an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company. 

Good Reason means generally the material
breach by the Company of the Agreement; a reduction in base salary or benefits; a diminution of title or responsibilities; a change in
the reporting line such that Mr. Redmond no longer reports directly to the Board; the assignment to Mr. Redmond of duties not commensurate
with his position as CEO; a failure by the Company to reappoint Mr. Redmond to a position held prior to a change in control; elimination
by the Company of equity-based compensation without providing equivalent substitutes thereunder; the substantial diminution of Mr. Redmond s
fringe benefits; the mandatory relocation of Mr. Redmond s principal residence in order to continue to serve as CEO; or the failure
by the Company to require a successor entity to assume the Agreement. 

Under the Agreement, Mr. Redmond is generally subject
to a non-compete and non-solicit during his employment and for the duration of the Severance Period. 

Ms. Farrell 

 On January 21, 2021, the Board and Ms. Farrell entered
into an employment agreement (the CFO Agreement for a three-year term, as Chief Financial Officer, subject to one-year
renewals. Ms. Farrell receives a base salary of 220,000 and is eligible to receive a bonus for each calendar year during the term of
the Agreement of up to 20 of base salary based on the attainment of individual and corporate performance goals and targets established
by the Board. In connection with the CFO Agreement, Ms. Farrell was granted RSUs covering 1,000,000 shares of our common stock, vesting
in equal monthly installments over 36 months, with accelerated vesting upon a change in control. In
January 2023, Ms. Farrell s salary increased to 220,000. 

52 

In addition, the CFO Agreement provides for certain
payments and benefits in the event of a termination of Ms. Farrell s employment under specific circumstances. If, during the term
of the CFO Agreement, her employment is terminated by us other than for cause, or she resigns for good reason, 
she would be entitled to continuation of her base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the termination date for the greater
of (x) the time remaining in the current term (i.e. the initial term of a subsequent term) or (y) 6 months following the termination date
(the CFO Severance Period ). The Company will continue to pay for Ms. Farrell s health and dental coverage for the
shorter of (x) the severance period or (y) the maximum period permissible under COBRA. In addition, she would receive 80 of the maximum
amount of her annual bonus for the calendar year in which the termination occurs, paid generally at the same time as other executives
receive their bonuses. The Company will also assign any outstanding life insurance policies on Ms. Farrell s life to Ms. Farrell,
provided that she continue to pay applicable premiums to continue coverage. The unvested portion of any outstanding options or restricted
stock units will vest upon such termination of employment. 

Under the Agreement, Cause means generally
that Ms. Farrell (x) pleads guilty or is convicted of a felony, in connection with the performance of her obligations to the Company,
which materially and adversely affects her ability to perform such obligations, or (y) the commission and conviction by Ms. Farrell of
an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company. 

Good Reason means generally the material
breach by the Company of the CFO Agreement; a 20 reduction in base salary; a failure by the Company to reappoint Ms. Farrell to a position
held prior to a change in control; elimination by the Company of equity-based compensation without providing equivalent substitutes thereunder;
the substantial diminution of Ms. Farrell s fringe benefits; the mandatory relocation of Ms. Farrell s principal residence
in order to continue to serve as CFO; or the failure by the Company to require a successor entity to assume the CFO Agreement. 

Under the Agreement, Ms. Farrell is generally subject
to a non-compete and non-solicit during her employment and for the duration of the Severance Period. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

At this time, members of our Board do not receive
cash compensation for service on our Board, nor on any committee thereof. They receive restricted stock units upon becoming a director
and each year thereafter. In addition, they may be reimbursed for certain expenses in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board
and committees thereof. 

Initial Equity Grant 

 Upon joining our Board, we have historically granted
to each new director restricted stock units RSUs for 500,000 shares of our common stock. 200,000 shares vest upon becoming
a Board member, 200,000 shares vest on the first anniversary and 100,000 shares vest on the second anniversary, subject to acceleration
upon a corporate transaction, provided in each that the director is in the continuous service of the Company through the vesting event. 

Annual Board Service Equity Grant 

 Annual equity awards are granted based on the discretion
of the Board and management. 

Director Compensation Table 

The following table shows information regarding the
compensation earned or paid during fiscal 2024 to non-employee directors. 

Option Awards 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Jerome H. Casey 
 38,982 
 38,982 

Ricky W. Richardson 
 38,982 
 38,982 

_______________________ 

(1) 
 250,000 stock options granted December 29, 2023 vesting immediately and 300,000 stock options granted June 28, 2024 vesting as to 40 of the total at July 31, 2024 and 20 vest October 31, 2024, 20 vest January 31, 2025 and 20 vest April 30, 2025. 

53 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC. The following tables set forth certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our common stock at October
29, 2024, by: (i) each person known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock; (ii) each of the
directors and named executive officers; and (iii) all current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address
of each of the stockholders below is c/o Odyssey Health, Inc., 2300 West Sahara Avenue, Suite 800 - #4012, Las Vegas, NV 89102. Except
as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock held by them. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Percentage 
 of 
 Class 

Joseph Michael Redmond, President, CEO and Chairman (1) 

13,550,000 
 
 13.3 

Jonathan Lutz 

7777 W 4th Ave 
 Lakewood, CO 80226 

5,536,900 

5.7 

Christine M. Farrell, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (2) 

3,500,000 

Jerome H. Casey, Director (3) 

2,180,000 

Ricky W. Richardson, Director (3) 

2,180,000 

Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (4 persons) 

12,810,000 
 
 11.7 

________________________ 

 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC that generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power
and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Common stock subject to equity awards that are currently exercisable or exercisable
or vest within 60 days of the date of October 29, 2024 are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person or group
holding such awards for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such person or group but are not treated as outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power
are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person s household. 

Percent of class is calculated on the basis of
96,709,763 shares outstanding on October 29, 2024, plus the number of shares the person has the right to acquire within 60 days of October
25, 2024. 

(1) 
 Includes 3,500,000 RSUs vested but not included in the outstanding and 1,550,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes 1,500,000 RSUs vested but not included in the outstanding and 1,900,000 vested stock options. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 1,500,000 RSUs vested but not included in the outstanding and 700,000 vested stock options. 

Less than 5 . 

54 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers, directors and 10 stockholders to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with
the SEC. Officers, directors and 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) reports they
file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such reports we received and written representations from our officers, directors and
10 stockholders, we believe that all required reports were timely filed in fiscal 2024, we believe that all required reports were timely
filed in fiscal 2022, except for the following: 

Mr. Redmond failed to timely file on Form 4 related to the 500,000 stock options granted on June 28, 2024. 

Messrs. Casey and Richardson failed to timely file on Form 4 related to the 300,000 stock options granted to each on June 28, 2024 

Mr. Farrell failed to timely file on Form 4 related to the 500,000 stock options granted on June 28, 2024. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The following table provides information about our
equity compensation plans as of July 31, 2024: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 8,895,000 
 0.17 
 380,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 31,300,274 
 0.24 

Total 
 40,195,274 
 0.23 
 380,000 

See Note 8 of Notes to Financial Statements included
in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

55 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Due to Officers 

The following amounts were due to our officers for
reimbursement of expenses and were included in Accounts payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Joseph M. Redmond, CEO 
 12,313 
 668 
 
 Christine Farrell, CFO 
 2,836 
 1,633 

15,149 
 2,301 

The amount of unpaid salary and bonus due to our officers
was included in Accrued wages on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and was as follows: 

July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Joseph M. Redmond, CEO 
 1,138,400 
 935,831 
 
 Christine Farrell, CFO 
 370,309 
 257,771 

1,508,710 
 1,193,602 

See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for a discussion of 25,000 Promissory Notes payable to each of two officers and two directors. 

Director Independence 

Under the rules of the national securities exchanges,
a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent directors, and each member of a listed company s
audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent as well. Under the same rules, a director
will only qualify as an independent director if that company s board of directors affirmatively determines that such
director has no material relationship with that company, either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with that company. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by applicable laws,
rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for independent directors established by the NASDAQ National
Market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Our Board has determined Messrs. Casey and Richardson
are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

In addition, we determined that the members of our
audit committee satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In order
to be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, no member of the audit committee may, other than in his capacity as a member
of the audit committee, the board of directors or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory
or other compensatory fee from the company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the company or any of its subsidiaries. 

56 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following table summarizes the aggregate fees
for professional audit and other services rendered by Turner, Stone and Company: 

Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 103,200 
 64,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Taxation services 

Accounting and other services 

Total 
 103,200 
 64,500 

_________________ 

(1) 
 Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements. 

All of the services performed by Turner Stone in 2024
and 2023 were pre-approved in accordance with the pre-approval policy and procedures adopted by the Audit Committee. This policy describes
the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services that the independent auditors may perform. Generally, pre-approval is provided
at regularly scheduled committee meetings; however, the authority to pre-approve services between meetings, as necessary, has been delegated
to the Interim Chair of the Audit Committee, subject to formal approval by the full Audit Committee at the next regularly scheduled meeting. 

The Audit Committee believes that the foregoing expenditures
are compatible with maintaining the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm. 

The Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed
with management and Turner, Stone and Company LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, the audited financial statements
contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. The Board has also discussed with the auditors the
matters required to be discussed pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section 380), which includes,
among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of our financial statements. 

The Board has received and reviewed the written disclosures
and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1 (Independence
Discussions with Audit Committees) and has discussed with our auditors its independence from the Company. The Board has considered whether
the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. 

Based on the review and discussions referred to above,
the Board approved the inclusion of the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended July 31, 2024 for filing with the SEC. 

Pre-Approval Policies 

The Board s policy is to pre-approve all audit services
and all permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm; provided, however, pre-approval requirements for non-audit services are not required if all such services (1) do not aggregate to
more than five percent of total revenues paid by us to our accountant in the fiscal year when services are provided; (2) were not recognized
as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; and (3) are promptly brought to the attention of the Board and approved prior to
the completion of the audit. 

57 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial Statements and Schedules 

The Financial Statements, together with the report
thereon by Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are included on the pages indicated below: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

There are no schedules required to be filed herewith. 

Exhibits 

The following list is intended to constitute the exhibit
index. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 8, 2014). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 8, 2014). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 8, 2014). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Joseph Michael Redmond (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Christine M. Farrell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated November 1, 2022 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Erik Emerson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Gregory W. Gironda, dated November 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 License Transfer Agreement, effective as of January 31, 2019, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Electromedica, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form S-1 filed on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement, effective as of June 26, 2019, by and among Odyssey Group International, Inc., James De Luca and Murdock Capital Partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Form S-1 filed on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant totaling 550,000 Shares of Common Stock of Odyssey Group International, Inc. issued to Alliance Global Partners, Alejandro Barrientos and David Bocchi, effective August 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form S-1 filed November 23, 2020). 

58 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

10.9 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 14, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 14, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement, dated August 14, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2020). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Prevacus Asset Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Warrant Agreement, dated December 11, 2020, by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 28, 2021). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Tysadco Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Warrant, dated October 18, 2021 issued to Tysadco Partners LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amended Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Tysadco Partners LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K/A filed on October 26, 2021). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 22, 2021 by and between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Warrant dated October 22, 2021 issued to Lincoln Park Capital, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated April 14, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and certain purchasing security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 14, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and certain purchasing security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement dated April 14, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and certain purchasing security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated April 14, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and certain purchasing security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Promissory Note dated December 2021 between Odyssey Group International, Inc. and various officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Amendment to Promissory Note dated April 20, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and various officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Amendment to Promissory Note dated June 4, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and various officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 4 dated December 30, 2022 to Promissory Note with Directors and Officers dated December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2023). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 5 dated March 31, 2023 to Promissory Note with Directors and Officers dated December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2023). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 6 dated June 30, 2023 to Promissory Note with Directors and Officers dated December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 7 dated November 1, 2023 to Promissory Note with Directors and Officers Dated December 21, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2023. 

59 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

10.31 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 8 dated January 31, 2024, to Promissory Note with Directors and Officers dated December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to Form 10-Q filed on March 18, 2024). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 9 dated July 31, 2024, to Promissory Note with Directors and Officers dated December 21, 2021. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 29, 2021 with Tysadco Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-K filed on October 30,
 2023). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note dated March 31, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and Tysadco Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2022). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Second Amendment and Assignment to Convertible Promissory Note dated March 14, 2023 to Promissory Note dated August 29, 2021 with Tysadco Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note dated February 1, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note with LGH Investments, LLC dated February 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note dated June 10, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Convertible Promissory Note dated September 29, 2022 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Amendment No. 4 dated December 29, 2022 to Convertible Promissory Note with LGH Investments, LLC dated April 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2023.) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Convertible Promissory Note dated March 31, 2023 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and LGH Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2023). 
 
 10.47 
 
 Amendment No. 6 to Convertible Promissory Note dated July 6, 2023 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and LGH Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2023). 

Amendment No. 7 to Convertible Promissory Note with LGH Investments dated April 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 5, 2024). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement dated August 15, 2023 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and certain accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2023). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note dated August 15, 2023 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and certain accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2023). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Form of Spinco Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 15, 2023 between Odyssey Health, Inc. and certain accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2023). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Oragenics, Inc. Asset Purchase Agreement, dated October 5, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2023). 
 
 10.52 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement Closing with Oragenics, Inc., dated December 28, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 29, 2023). 
 
 10.53 
 
 Promissory Note with accredited investor Jonathan Lutz, dated February 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed on March 18, 2024). 
 
 10.54 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 13, 2022 by and between Odyssey Health, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022). 
 
 10.55 
 
 Promissory Note issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on December 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022). 
 
 10.56 
 
 First Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on December 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022). 

60 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

10.57 
 
 Second Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on December 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022). 
 
 10.58 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated June 13, 2023 to the Promissory Note issued on December 13, 2022 with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed June 14, 2023). 
 
 10.59 
 
 Amendment No. 2 dated March 13, 2024, to the Promissory Note issued on December 13, 2022 with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
Form 10-Q filed on March 18, 2024). 
 
 10.60 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated June 25, 2024 to Promissory Note with accredited investor Jonathan Lutz, dated February 13, 2024 
 
 10.61 
 
 Amendment No. 2 dated August 13, 2024 to Promissory Note with accredited investor Jonathan Lutz, dated February 13, 2024 
 
 10.62 
 
 Amendment No. 3 dated October 29, 2024, to the Promissory Note issued on December 13, 2022 with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 10.63 
 
 Pledge Agreement dated October 29, 2024, with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 

14.1 
 
 Odyssey Group International, Inc. Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Form 10-K filed on October 23, 2019). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline
 XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

61 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, as of November 13, 2024. 

ODYSSEY HEALTH, INC. 

By: /s/ Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

In accordance with the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Joseph Michael Redmond 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Christine M. Farrell 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Christine M. Farrell 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jerome Casey 
 
 Director 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Jerome Casey 

/s/ Ricky W. Richardson 
 
 Director 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Ricky W. Richardson 

62 

<EX-10.32>
 2
 odyssey_ex1032.htm
 FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE AMENDMENT

Exhibit 10.32 

Amendment #9 to 
Promissory Note 

This AMENDMENT (this AMENDMENT is entered into by and between the Company and Holder (each as defined below), effective as of July 31, 2024 (the Effective
Date ), and binding on the undersigned parties as of that date. 

Odyssey Health, Inc. formerly
Odyssey Group International, Inc. BORROWER and ____________ LENDER entered into that certain
Promissory Note (the Note dated December 22, 2021, as amended April 20, 2022, June 3, 2022, September 30, 2022,
December 30, 2022, March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, November 1, 2023, and January 31, 2024, in the amount of 25,000.00 (the Loan
Amount ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined have the meaning set forth in the Note. 

Whereas ,
the parties have agreed to extend the maturity date of the Note subject to the conditions contained herein. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE , in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. 
 Extension of Maturity Date . The Maturity Date of the Note is amended and extended to January 31, 2025. 

2. 
 Waiver in Event of Default . Borrower waives any event of default that may occur regarding the Borrower s
Promissory Note through the extension of maturity date. 

3. 
 Conversion . Lender may convert the Note prior to maturity at a conversion price of 0.12 per share. 

4. 
 Effectiveness; Conflict . Except as modified hereby, the Note and terms thereof shall remain in full force
and effect. On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Notes to this Agreement, hereunder, 
 hereof, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Note, as amended by this Amendment.
To the extent the terms of this Amendment conflict with any provision of the Note or any of the documents referenced therein, then the
provisions of this Amendment shall control. 

5. 
 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by facsimile transmission and in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

5. All Other Terms .
 All other terms and conditions of the Note remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 

1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and acknowledging acceptance
and agreement of the foregoing, BORROWER, and LENDER affix their signatures hereto, 

Odyssey Health, Inc. 
 
 Lender 

/s/ J. Michael Redmond 

By: 
 J. Michael Redmond 
 
 By: 

Title: 
 President 
 
 Title: 
 An Individual 

Dated: 
 July 31, 2024 
 
 Dated: 
 July 31, 2024 

2 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.60>
 3
 odyssey_ex1060.htm
 SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE - AMENDMENT 1

Exhibit 10.60 

THIS SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE AND THE
SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
LAWS AND THIS SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE, THE SECURITIES AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE
DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER
SUCH ACT AND SUCH LAWS, WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE LENDER, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO COUNSEL
FOR THIS CORPORATION, IS AVAILABLE. 

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

50,000) 
 Las Vegas, Nevada 

February 13, 2024 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Odyssey Health,
Inc. f/k/a Odyssey Group International, Inc., a Nevada corporation (referred to herein as the Borrower ), with offices at the
address set forth below hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order of Jon Lutz, its endorsees, successors and assigns (the Lender ),
in lawful money of the United States, at such address as the Lender may from time to time designate, the principal sum of fifty thousand
dollars 50,000 (the Loan ), this Note shall mature and become due and payable in full on or after the later of six
(6) months from execution this Note (the Maturity Date ). 

1. Terms
of Repayment. Principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid by the Borrower as follows: 

(a) On the Maturity Date, Borrower
shall pay all principal and interest, unless otherwise converted (as defined in Section 2. Below). Interest shall accrue at a rate of
ten 10 per annum. 

(b) The Borrower further agrees
that, if any payment made by the Borrower or any other person is applied to this Note and is at any time annulled, set aside, rescinded,
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential or otherwise required to be refunded or repaid, or the proceeds of any property
hereafter pledged as security for this Note is required to be returned by Lender to the Borrower, its estate, trustee, receiver or any
other party, including, without limitation, under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then, to the
extent of such payment or repayment, the Borrower's liability hereunder (and any lien, security interest or other collateral securing
such liability) shall be and remain in full force and effect, as fully as if such payment had never been made, or, if prior thereto any
such lien, security interest or other collateral hereunder securing the Borrower's liability hereunder shall have been released or terminated
by virtue of such cancellation or surrender, this Note (and such lien, security interest or other collateral) shall be reinstated in full
force and effect, and such prior cancellation or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations
of the Borrower in respect to the amount of such payment (or any lien, security interest or other collateral securing such obligation). 

2. Conversion. 

(a) The Lender shall have
the option, at the Maturity Date, to convert the outstanding principal of this Note into fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Oragenics
common stock at a price of two dollars and fifty cents 2.50) per share for a total of twenty thousand (20,000) shares. The shares will
be rule 144 but tacking from the date of this Note will apply. 

(b) To exercise any conversion,
the holder of this Note shall surrender the Note to the Borrower during usual business hours at the offices of the Borrower, accompanied
by a written notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, Notice of Conversion, and made a part hereof. 

1 

(c) As promptly as practicable
after the surrender of this Note by the Lender, the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Lender, certificates for the
full number of Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note, in accordance with the provisions hereof, together with a duly executed new
Note of the Borrower in the form of this Note for any principal amount not so converted. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been
made at the time that this Note was surrendered for conversion and the notice specified herein shall have been received by the Borrower. 

(d) The number of shares
issuable upon conversion of this Note or repayment by the Borrower in shares shall be proportionately adjusted if the Borrower shall declare
a dividend of capital stock on its capital stock, or subdivide its outstanding capital stock into a larger number of shares by reclassification,
stock split or otherwise, which adjustment shall be made effective immediately after the record date in the case of a dividend, and immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision. The number of shares issuable upon conversion of this Note or any part thereof
shall be proportionately adjusted in the amount of securities for which the shares have been changed or exchanged in another transaction
for other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property pursuant to a merger, consolidation or other combination. The Borrower shall
promptly provide the holder of this Note with notice of any events mandating an adjustment to the conversion ratio, or for any planned
merger, consolidation, share exchange or sale of the Borrower, signed by the President and Chief Executive Officer of Borrower. 

3. Liability
of the Borrower. The Borrower is unconditionally, and without regard to the liability of any other person, liable for the payment
and performance of this Note and such liability shall not be affected by an extension of time, renewal, waiver, or modification of this
Note or the release, substitution, or addition of collateral for this Note. Each person signing this Note consents to any and all extensions
of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications, as well as to release, substitution, or addition of guarantors or collateral security, without
affecting the Borrower's liabilities hereunder. Lender is entitled to the benefits of any collateral agreement, guarantee, security agreement,
assignment, or any other documents which may be related to or are applicable to the debt evidenced by this Note, all of which are collectively
referred to as Loan Documents as they now exist, may exist in the future, have existed, and as they may be amended, modified,
renewed, or substituted. 

4. Representations and
Warranties. The Borrower represents and warrants as follows: (i) the Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada; (ii) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Note are
within the Borrower's powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary action, and do not contravene (A) the Borrower's certificate
of incorporation or (B) bylaws or (x) any law or (y) any agreement or document binding on or affecting the Borrower, not otherwise disclosed
to the Lender prior to execution of this Note, (iii) no authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with,
any governmental authority, regulatory body or third person is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower
of this Note; (iv) this Note constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in
accordance with its terms except as enforcement hereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors' rights generally and subject to the applicability of general principles of equity; (v) the Borrower has all requisite power
and authority to own and operate its property and assets and to conduct its business as now conducted and proposed to be conducted and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (vi) the Borrower is duly qualified to conduct its business and is in good standing
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it, or in which the transaction of its business makes
such qualification necessary; (vi) there is no pending or, to the Borrower's knowledge, information or belief, threatened action or proceeding
affecting the Borrower before any governmental agency or arbitrator which challenges or relates to this Note or which may otherwise have
a material adverse effect on the Borrower; (viii) after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Note, the Borrower is Solvent;
(ix) the Borrower is not in violation or default of any provision of (A) its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, each as currently
in effect, or (B) any instrument, judgment, order, writ, decree or contract, statute, rule or regulation to which the Borrower is subject
not otherwise disclosed to the Lender prior to the execution of this Note, and (x) this Note is validly issued, free of any taxes, liens,
and encumbrances related to the issuance hereof and is not subject to preemptive right or other similar right of members of the Borrower,
and (xi) the Borrower has taken all required action to reserve for issuance such number of shares of Common Stock as may be issuable from
time to time upon conversion of this Note. 

2 

5. Covenants.
 So long as any principal or interest is due hereunder and shall remain unpaid, the Borrower will, unless the Lender shall otherwise
consent in writing: 

(a) Maintain and preserve its
existence, rights and privileges; 

(b) Give written notice to Lender
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below) or any event but for the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute an Event of Default within Five (5) Business Days of such event; 

(c) Not use the proceeds from the issuance of this
Note in any way for any purpose that entails a violation of, or is inconsistent with, Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System of the United States of America; 

(d) Comply in all material respects
with all applicable laws (whether federal, state or local and whether statutory, administrative or judicial or other) and with every applicable
lawful governmental order (whether administrative or judicial); 

(e) Not redeem or repurchase any of its capital stock; 

(f) Not (i) make any advance
or loan to any person, firm or corporation, except for reasonable travel or business expenses advanced to the Company's employees or independent
contractors in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another entity; 

(g) Not prepay any indebtedness,
except for trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of the Borrower's business; and 

(h) Not take any action which would impair the rights
and privileges of this Note set forth herein or the rights and privileges of the holder of this Note. 

6. Events
of Default. Each and any of the following shall constitute a default and, after expiration of a grace period, if any, shall constitute
an Event of Default hereunder: 

(a) the nonpayment of principal,
late charges or any other costs or expenses promptly when due of any amount payable under this Note; 

(b) an Event of Default under
this Note (other than a payment default described above), or any other failure of the Borrower to observe or perform any present or future
agreement of any nature whatsoever with Lender, including, without limitation, any covenant set forth in this Note; 

(c) if Borrower shall commence
any case, proceeding or other action: (i) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate
it bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with
respect to it or its debts; or (ii) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all
or any substantial part of its property, or the Borrower shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (iii) there
shall be commenced against the Borrower any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to above or seeking issuance of a warrant
of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its property, which case, proceeding or
other action results in the entry of any order for relief or remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of sixty (60)
days; or (iii) the Borrower shall take any action indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, or in furtherance of, any
of the acts set forth; or (iv) the Borrower shall generally not, or shall be unable to, pay its debts as they become due or shall admit
in writing its inability to pay its debts; 

(d) any representation or warranty
made by the Borrower or any other person or entity under this Note or under any other Transaction Documents shall prove to have been incorrect
in any material respect when made; 

3 

10. Usury .
In no event shall the amount of interest paid or agreed to be paid hereunder exceed the highest lawful rate permissible under applicable
law. Any excess amount of deemed interest shall be null and void and shall not interfere with or affect the Borrower's obligation to repay
the principal of and interest on the Note. This confirms that the Borrower and, by its acceptance of this Note, the Lender intend to contract
in strict compliance with applicable usury laws from time to time in effect. Accordingly, the Borrower and the Lender stipulate and agree
that none of the terms and provisions contained herein shall ever be construed to create a contract to pay, for the use or forbearance
of money, interest in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged by applicable law from time to time in effect. 

11. Prepayment .
This Note may he prepaid in whole or in part, at any time, without the prior written consent of the Lender. 

12. Costs
of Enforcement . Borrower hereby covenants and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Lender harmless from and against all costs
and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and their costs, together with interest thereon at the Prime Rate, incurred by Lender
in enforcing its rights under this Note; or if Lender is made a party as a defendant in any action or proceeding arising out of or in
connection with its status as a lender, or if Lender is requested to respond to any subpoena or other legal process issued in connection
with this Note; or reasonable disbursements arising out of any costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and their costs
incurred in any bankruptcy case; or for any legal or appraisal reviews, advice or counsel performed for Lender following a request by
Borrower for waiver, modification or amendment of this Note or any of the other Loan Documents. 

13. Governing
Law . This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Lender and their respective successors and
assigns; provided that the Borrower may not assign this Note, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior
written consent of the Lender. The Lender may assign or otherwise participate out all or part of, or any interest in, its rights and benefits
hereunder and to the extent of such assignment or participation such assignee shall have the same rights and benefits against the Borrower
as it would have had if it were the Lender. This Note, and any claims arising out of relating to this Note, whether in contract or tort,
statutory or common law, shall be governed exclusively by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 

14. Jurisdiction .
 THE BORROWER CONSENTS THAT ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST IT UNDER, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY MANNER RELATING TO THIS NOTE,
OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT OR DOCUMENT EXECUTED AND DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH SHALL BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN ANY COURT OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. THE BORROWER, BY THE EXECUTION AND DELIVERY
OF THIS NOTE, EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS AND SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF ANY OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR
PROCEEDINGS. THE BORROWER AGREES THAT PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER IT MAY BE OBTAINED BY THE DELIVERY OF A SUMMONS BY PERSONAL DELIVERY
OR OVERNIGHT COURIER AT THE ADDRESS PROVIDED IN SECTION 15 OF THIS NOTE. ASSUMING DELIVERY OF THE SUMMONS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PROVISION,
THE BORROWER HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY ALLEGED LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON-CONVENIENS
OR ANY SIMILAR BASIS. 

15. Miscellaneous .
 (a) Borrower hereby waives protest, notice of protest, presentment, dishonor, and demand. (b) Time is of the essence for each of Borrower's
covenants under this Note. (c) The rights and privileges of Lender under this Note shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns.
All obligations of Borrower in connection with this Note shall bind Borrower's successors and assigns, and Lender's conversion rights
shall succeed to any successor securities to Borrower's Common Stock. (d) If any provision of this Note shall for any reason be held to
be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof, but this Note shall be construed
as if such invalid or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. (e) The waiver of any Event of Default or the failure of
Lender to exercise any right or remedy to which it may be entitled shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent Event of Default or
Lender's right to exercise that or any other right or remedy to which Lender is entitled. No delay or omission by Lender in exercising,
or failure by Lender to exercise on any one or more occasions, shall be construed as a waiver or novation of this Note or prevent the
subsequent exercise of any or all such rights. (f) This Note may not be waived, changed, modified, or discharged orally, but only in writing. 

4 

16. Notice,
Etc . Any notice required by the provisions of this Note will be in writing and will be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal
delivery to the party to be notified; (b) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient;
if not, then on the next business day; (c) Five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid; or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written
verification of receipt, and delivered as follows to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written
notice to the other parties. 

17. Definitions .
 As used herein, the term Solvent shall mean, with respect to any person or entity on a particular date, that on such date
(i) the fair value of the property of such person or entity is not less than the total amount of the liabilities of such person or entity,
(ii) the present fair salable value of the assets of such person or entity is not less than the amount required to pay the probable liability
on such person's existing debts as they become absolute and matured, (iii) such person or entity is able to realize upon its assets and
pay its debts and other liabilities, (iv) such person or entity does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or
liabilities beyond such person or entity's ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature and (v) such person or entity is not engaged
in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such person's or entity's property
would constitute unreasonably small capital. As used herein, the term Securities Purchase Agreement, shall mean the Securities
Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof among the Borrower, the Lender and the other purchasers identified therein. 

June 28, 2024: Amendment No. 1 Section 2(a) is changed to
read: 

2. Conversion. 

(a) The Lender shall have
the option, at the Maturity Date, to convert the outstanding principal of this Note into fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Oragenics
common stock at a price of two dollars and fifty cents 2.50) per share for a total of thirty
thousand (30,000) shares . The shares will be rule 144 but tacking from the date of this Note will apply. 

All other terms and conditions remain the same. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
executed this Secured Convertible Promissory Note as of the date first set forth above . 

Odyssey Health, Inc. f/k/a Odyssey Group International, Inc. 

By :/s/ J. Michael Redmond 

 Name: J. Michael Redmond 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By :/s/ Jon Lutz 

 Jon Lutz 

5 

</EX-10.60>

<EX-10.61>
 4
 odyssey_ex1061.htm
 SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE - AMENDMENT 2

Exhibit 10.61 

Effective date August 13, 2024: Amendment No. 2 The definition
of the maturity date Maturity Date will be changed to the following: 

The Maturity Date shall now be twelve months from
the Effective Date of the Convertible Promissory Note between Lendor and Borrower dated February 13, 2024. 

All other terms and conditions
of the Convertible Promissory Note and Amendment number one (1) remain the same. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
executed this Secured Convertible Promissory Note as of the date first set forth above . 

Odyssey Health, Inc. f/k/a Odyssey Group International, Inc. 

By :/s/ J. Michael Redmond 

 Name: J. Michael Redmond 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By :/s/ Jon Lutz 

 Jon Lutz 

</EX-10.61>

<EX-10.62>
 5
 odyssey_ex1062.htm
 SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE - AMENDMENT 3

Exhibit 10.62 

 AMENDMENT #3 TO THE PROMISSORY
NOTE 

 ISSUED ON DECEMBER 13, 2022 

THIS AMENDMENT
#3 to the Note (as defined below) (the Amendment is entered into as of October 29, 2024, and made effective as of September
13, 2024, by and between ODYSSEY HEALTH, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership (the Holder (collectively the Parties ). 

BACKGROUND 

A. The Company and Holder are the parties to that certain promissory
note originally issued by the Company to the Holder on December 13, 2022, in the original principal amount of 870,000.00 (as amended
from time to time, the Note ); and 

B. The Parties entered into that certain pledge agreement on December 28, 2023 (the
 Pledge Agreement ); and 

C. The Parties desire to amend the Note as set forth expressly below. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of
the execution and delivery of the Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. 
The Amortization Payment (as defined in the Note) originally due under the Note on March 13, 2024, and as previously amended to be due
on September 13, 2024, shall instead be due on March 13, 2025. For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of the aforementioned Amortization
Payment is 200,000.00 plus accrued interest through March 13, 2025. 

2. 
The Maturity Date (as defined in the Note) shall be extended to June 13, 2025. 

3. 
In exchange for the Holder s execution of this Amendment, the Company shall enter into a Pledge Agreement on October 29, 2024, a
form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A . 

4. 
Holder acknowledges that, upon the execution of this Amendment, the Company is not in default with respect to any payment obligations
under the Note. 

5. 
Section 4.6 of the Note shall apply to this Amendment. 

6. 
This Amendment shall be deemed part of, but shall take precedence over and supersede any provisions to the contrary contained in the Note.
Except as specifically modified hereby, all of the provisions of the Note, which are not in conflict with the terms of this Amendment,
shall remain in full force and effect. 

7. 
This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered to the other party shall be deemed
an original. The executed page(s) from each original may be joined together and attached to one such original and shall thereupon constitute
one and the same instrument. Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission, which shall not impair
the validity thereof. 

[Signature page to follow] 

1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 

ODYSSEY HEALTH, INC. 
 
 MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: /s/ Joseph Redmond 
 
 By: /s/ Patrick Hassani 
 
 Name: Joseph Redmond 
 
 Name: Patrick Hassani 
 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Title: Chief Investment Officer 

2 

Exhibit A 

(see attached) 

3 

</EX-10.62>

<EX-10.63>
 6
 odyssey_ex1063.htm
 PLEDGE AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.63 

 PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

This PLEDGE
AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of October 29, 2024 (the Effective Date ), made by and between Odyssey
Health, Inc., a Nevada corporation (together with its successors and assigns, the Pledgor and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership (together with its successors and assigns, the Pledgees ). 

WHEREAS: 

A. 
 Pledgor and Pledgees are the parties to that certain promissory note dated December 13, 2022, in the original principal amount
of 870,000.00 (as amended from time to time, the Note ); and 

B. 
 Pledgor entered into an asset purchase agreement with Oragenics, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company ), on or
around October 4, 2023, as further described in the Form 8-K filed by the Pledgor on October 5, 2023 (the Asset Purchase Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Pledgor received 8,000,000 shares of Series F convertible preferred stock of the Company at closing (the Total
Preferred Shares , and collectively with all securities into which the Preferred Shares are converted, exercised, or exchanged into,
including but not limited to any shares of common stock of the Company, the Common Shares ); and 

C. 
 Pledgor and Pledgees entered into that certain amendment no. 3 to the Note on October 29, 2024, pursuant to which the Company agreed
to enter into this Agreement and provide a pledge to the Pledgees of, and the grant to the Pledgees of a security interest in, 1,000,000
of the Total Preferred Shares (the Preferred Shares , and collectively with all of the Common Shares or other securities
into which the Preferred Shares are converted or exchanged into, Reserved Shares ). 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein contained and in order to induce the Pledgees to consent to the Asset Purchase
Agreement, Pledgor hereby agrees with the Pledgees, as follows, which shall be effective as of the Effective Date: 

SECTION 1.
 Definitions. All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in the Note, Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code
(the UCC currently in effect in the State of Nevada and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings
herein as set forth therein; provided, that terms used herein which are defined in the UCC as in effect in the State of Nevada on the
date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute. In addition, unless
otherwise defined herein, terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings herein as set forth in the securities purchase agreement
entered into by and among the Pledgor and Pledgees in connection with the Note (the Purchase Agreement ). 

SECTION 2.
 Pledge and Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for all of the Obligations (as defined in Section 3 hereof), Pledgor
hereby pledges and assigns to Pledgees, and grant to Pledgees a continuing security interest in, such Pledgor s right, title and interest
in and to the Reserved Shares, the certificates representing such Reserved Shares, if any, all options and other rights, contractual or
otherwise, in respect thereof and all dividends, distributions, cash, instruments, investment property and other property (including but
not limited to, any stock dividend and any distribution in connection with a stock split) from time to time received, receivable or otherwise
distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Reserved Shares (collectively, the Pledged Collateral ). 

1 

SECTION 3.
 Security for Obligations. The security interest created hereby in the Pledged Collateral constitutes continuing collateral security
for all of the following obligations, whether now existing or hereafter incurred (the Obligations ): the prompt payment to
Pledgees, as and when due and payable (by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), of all amounts
from time to time owing by it in respect of any interest, principal and other penalties, damages, costs, fees, expenses or charges of,
or arising under, the Note and the other transaction documents entered in connection with the Note (including, without limitation, all
interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization
of Pledgor, subject to applicable bankruptcy laws and any orders of the bankruptcy court), all fees, commissions, expense reimbursements,
indemnifications and all other amounts due or to become due to Pledgees under the Note and the other transaction documents entered into
in connection with the Note. 

SECTION 4. Reservation of the Pledged Collateral. 

4.1 Reservation
of Reserved Shares . Pledgor shall hold the number of Reserved Shares set forth in this Agreement as collateral in favor of the Pledgees.
If Pledgees elect, by written notice to the Pledgor, to pay the Company s transfer agent s fees for the processing and production
of a statement to reflect the Reserved Shares in the name of the Pledgees, then Pledgor shall cause the Company s transfer agent
to comply with such request within thirty (30) calendar days after Pledgees pay such transfer agent fees. 

4.2 Rights
as Beneficiary . If Pledgor shall receive, by virtue of its being or having been an owner of any Pledged Collateral, any (i)
stock certificate or book-entry certificate (including, without limitation, any certificate representing a stock dividend or distribution
in connection with any increase or reduction of capital, reclassification, merger, consolidation, sale of assets, combination of shares,
stock split, spin-off or split-oft), promissory note or other instrument, (ii) option or right, whether as an addition to, substitution
for, or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral, or otherwise, (iii) dividends or interest payable in cash or in securities or other property,
(iv) dividends, interest and other distributions paid or payable other than in cash in respect of, and instruments and other property
or securities received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral, (v) dividends or
other distributions in connection with a partial or total liquidation or dissolution or in connection with a reduction of capital, capital
surplus or paid-in surplus, or (vi) cash paid, payable or otherwise distributed in redemption of, or in exchange for, any Pledged Collateral,
such stock certificate, promissory note, instrument, option, right, property, payment or distribution constituting Pledged Collateral
shall be, and shall forthwith be delivered to Pledgees to hold as, Pledged Collateral and shall be received in trust for the benefit of
the Pledgees, shall be segregated from Pledgor s other property and shall be delivered forthwith to Pledgees in the exact form received,
with any necessary endorsement and/or appropriate stock powers duly executed in blank, to be held by the Pledgees as Pledged Collateral
and as further collateral security for the Obligations. 

SECTION
5. [Intentionally Omitted] . 

SECTION 6. Representations and Warranties. 
Pledgor represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) 
 The execution, delivery, and performance by the Pledgor of this Agreement and the exercise by any Pledgees of any of its rights
and remedies in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and applicable securities law will not contravene any law or any contractual
restriction binding on or affecting the Pledgor or any of its properties and do not and will not result in or require the creation of
any lien upon or with respect to any of its properties other than pursuant to this Agreement. 

(b) 
 The Pledgor is and will be at all times the beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral free and clear of any lien or option, except
as provided by this Agreement. 

(c) 
 No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or other regulatory
body is required for the grant by the Pledgor, or the perfection, of the security interest purported to be created hereby in the Pledged
Collateral or the exercise by any Pledgees of any of its rights and remedies hereunder, except as may be required in connection with any
sale of any Pledged Collateral by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally, including the foreclosure procedures sanctioned
under the interpretations of the securities laws. 

2 

(d) 
 This Agreement creates a valid security interest in favor of the Pledgees in the Pledged Collateral, as security for the Obligations.
Such security interest is, or in the case of Pledged Collateral in which the Pledgor obtain rights after the date hereof, will be, a perfected,
first priority security interest. All action necessary to perfect and protect such security interest has been duly taken, except for Pledgees 
having possession of security certificates constituting Pledged Collateral after the date hereof and obtaining control of uncertificated
securities and security entitlements constituting Pledged Collateral after the date hereof. 

SECTION 7. Covenants as to the Pledged
Collateral. So long as any of the Obligations shall remain outstanding, each Pledgor will: 

(a) 
 keep adequate records concerning the Pledged Collateral and permit Pledgees or any agents or representatives of Pledgees during
regular business hours and from time to time to examine and make copies of and abstracts from such records; 

(b) 
 at its expense, promptly deliver to Pledgees a copy of each notice or other communication received by the Pledgor in respect of
the Pledged Collateral (including but not limited to notices from the Company regarding a stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
rights offering, reclassification, or similar transaction with respect to the Pledged Collateral); 

(c) 
 at its expense, defend Pledgees right, title and security interest in and to the Pledged Collateral against the claims of any
person or entity; 

(d) 
 at its expense, at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents and take
all further action that may be necessary or desirable or that Pledgees may reasonably request in order to (i) perfect and protect the
security interest purported to be created hereby, or (ii) enable Pledgees to exercise and enforce the Pledgees rights and remedies hereunder
in respect of the Pledged Collateral; 

(e) 
 not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise), transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any Pledged Collateral or any interest
therein without the prior written consent of the Pledgees; 

(f) 
 not create or suffer to exist any lien upon or with respect to any Pledged Collateral except for the security interest created
hereby; 

(g) 
 not make or consent to any amendment or other modification or waiver with respect to any Pledged Collateral or enter into any agreement
or permit to exist any restriction with respect to any Pledged Collateral other than pursuant hereto; 

(h) 
 not take or fail to take any action which would in any manner impair the value of Pledgees security interest in any Pledged Collateral,
except in the ordinary course of business or as required by law; and 

(i) 
 not take or fail to take any action which would in any manner impair the enforceability of Pledgees security interest in any Pledged
Collateral. 

SECTION 8. Voting Rights,
Etc. in Respect of the Pledged Collateral. 

(a) 
 So long as no Event of Default (as defined in this Agreement) (each an Event of Default or event which, with the
giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default, shall have occurred: 

(i) 
 Pledgor may exercise any and all voting and other consensual rights, if any, pertaining to any Pledged Collateral, if any, for
any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of the Note; and 

3 

(ii) 
 Pledgees will execute and deliver (or cause to be executed and delivered) to each Pledgor all such proxies and other instruments
as Pledgor may reasonably request for the purpose of enabling Pledgor to exercise the voting and other rights, if any, which it is entitled
to exercise pursuant to Section 8(a)(i) hereof. 

(b) 
 Upon (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default or an event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would
constitute an Event of Default and (ii) Pledgees provision of written notice to Pledgor: 

(i) 
 all rights of Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights, if any, which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise
pursuant to Section 8(a)(i) hereof shall cease, and additionally, all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Pledgee, which
shall thereupon have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights, if any; and 

(ii) 
 without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Pledgee may, at its option, exercise any and all rights of conversion, exchange,
subscription or any other rights, privileges or options pertaining to any Pledged Collateral as if it were the absolute owner thereof,
including, without limitation, the right to exchange, in its discretion, any and all of such Pledged Collateral upon the merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization or other adjustment of the Company, or upon the exercise of any right, privilege or option pertaining
to any Pledged Collateral, and, in connection therewith, to deposit and deliver any and all of the Pledged Collateral with any committee,
depository, transfer agent, registrar or other designated agent upon such terms and conditions as it may determine, as well as sell, transfer,
or dispose of the Pledged Collateral. 

(c) 
 Event of Default shall mean any Event of Default (as defined in the Note) or Pledgor s material breach of the
provisions of this Agreement (included but not limited to the Pledgor s failure to take all actions reasonably requested by Pledgees
under this Agreement to effectuate an increase to the Reserved Amount as provided in Section 13(h) of this Agreement), in each case that
remains uncured for twenty (20) calendar days after Pledgees provision of written notice to Pledgor of the occurrence of such event. 

SECTION 9. Additional Provisions Concerning the Pledged
Collateral. 

(a) 
 Pledgor hereby authorizes Pledgees to file, without the signature of Pledgor where permitted by law, one or more financing or continuation
statements, and amendments thereto, relating to the Pledged Collateral. 

(b) 
 Pledgor hereby irrevocably appoints Pledgees as such Pledgor s attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full authority, exercisable only
on or after the existence of an Event of Default, in the place and stead of such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor or otherwise,
from time to time in Pledgees discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which Pledgees may deem necessary or
advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement (subject to the rights of such Pledgor under Section 8(a) hereof), including, without
limitation, to receive, endorse and collect all instruments made payable to Pledgor representing any dividend or other distribution in
respect of any of the Pledged Collateral and to give full discharge for the same. This power is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable
until all of the Obligations are satisfied in full. 

(c) 
 If Pledgor fails to perform any agreement or obligation contained herein, Pledgees itself may perform, or cause performance of,
such agreement or obligation with respect to Pledged Collateral, and the expenses of Pledgees incurred in connection therewith shall be
payable by Pledgor pursuant to Section 10 hereof and shall be secured by the Pledged Collateral. 

(d) 
 So long as any of the Obligations shall remain outstanding, the Pledgor shall not transfer any securities of the Company to any
party other than the Pledgees unless the Pledgees have provided written consent in a signed writing. 

4 

SECTION 10. Indemnity
and Expenses. Pledgor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Pledgees and all of its stockholders, partners, members, officers,
directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without
limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) from and against any and all third-party
claims, damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney s
fees and disbursements) to the extent that they arise out of or otherwise result from this Agreement (including, without limitation, enforcement
of this Agreement), except, as to any such indemnified person or entity, claims, losses or liabilities resulting solely and directly from
such person or entity s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

SECTION 11.
 Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Agreement, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the terms of the Note. 

SECTION 12.
 Security lnterest Absolute. To the extent permitted by law, all rights of each of the Pledgees and Pledgor hereunder shall be absolute
and unconditional irrespective of: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any ancillary agreement or any other agreement or instrument
relating thereto, (ii) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term in respect of, all or any of the Obligations,
or any other amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guaranty, for all or any of the Obligations, or (iii) any other
circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, Pledgor in respect of the Obligations. All authorizations
and agencies contained herein with respect to any of the Pledged Collateral are irrevocable and powers coupled with an interest. 

SECTION 13. Miscellaneous . 

(a) 
 No amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed (including electronically)
by Pledgor and Pledgees, and no waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by Pledgor therefrom, shall
be effective unless it is in writing and signed (including electronically) by Pledgees, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

(b) 
 No failure on the part of Pledgees to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any ancillary agreement
shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Pledgees provided herein and in the ancillary agreements are cumulative
and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. The rights of the Pledgees under any ancillary agreement
against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by any Pledgee to exercise any of its rights under any other
document against such party or against any other person or entity. 

(c) 
 Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, without invalidating the remaining portions of such provision or affecting
the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

(d) 
 This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and effect
until the satisfaction in full or release of the Obligations and (ii) be binding on Pledgor and its successors and assigns and shall inure,
together with all rights and remedies of Pledgees hereunder, to the benefit of Pledgees and its successors, transferees and assigns. Without
limiting the generality of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence, Pledgees may assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion
of the Note, and its rights under the ancillary agreements, to any other person or entity, and such other person or entity shall thereupon
become vested with all of the benefits in respect thereof granted to Pledgees herein or otherwise unless such benefit is unavailable due
to the status of such transferee or otherwise under applicable law. Upon any such assignment or transfer, all references in this Agreement
to Pledgees shall mean the assignee of any Pledgees. None of the rights or obligations of Pledgor hereunder may be assigned or otherwise
transferred without the prior written consent of Pledgees, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

5 

(e) 
 Upon the satisfaction in full of the Obligations prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default or an event which, with the giving
of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default, (i) this Agreement and the security interest created hereby
shall terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral, if any shall be remaining, shall revert to the Pledgor, respectively, and (ii)
the Pledgees will, upon Pledgor s request and at Pledgor s expense, (A) return to Pledgor such of the Pledged Collateral as shall not
have been sold or otherwise disposed of, dealt with or applied pursuant to the terms hereof and of the ancillary agreements and (B) execute
and deliver to Pledgor, without recourse, representation or warranty, such documents as Pledgor shall reasonably request to evidence such
termination. 

(f) 
 This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice
of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. Any action brought by the Pledgor concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in a state or
federal court located in the State of Nevada. Any action brought by the Pledgees concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in either (a) a state or federal
court located in the State of Nevada, or (b) a state or federal court located in the State of Nevada. Notwithstanding anything in the
foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Pledgees to realize
on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Pledgees, including through a
legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Pledgor hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action
or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens ). Each party
hereby consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by certified mail, return receipt requested, to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under the Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted
by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by
jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall
commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by
the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such
proceeding. 

(g) 
 For the avoidance of doubt, all references to share amounts in this Agreement are subject to adjustment for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases
the number of Series F preferred stock of the Company or common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ), as applicable to
the respective references in this Agreement. 

(h) 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Pledgor shall not consent to any amendment by the Company to the rights and
designations of the Series F preferred stock of the Company without the written consent of the Pledgees. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

ODYSSEY HEALTH, INC. 

By: /s/ Joseph Redmond 

 Name: Joseph Redmond 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: /s/ Patrick Hassani 

 Name: Patrick Hassani 

 Title: Chief Investment Officer 

7 

</EX-10.63>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 odyssey_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, J. Michael Redmond, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K
of Odyssey Health, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/ J. Michael Redmond 

J. Michael Redmond 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 odyssey_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Christine M. Farrell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K
of Odyssey Health, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/ Christine M. Farrell 

Christine M. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 odyssey_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Odyssey Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, J. Michael
Redmond, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written
statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/ J. Michael Redmond 

J. Michael Redmond 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 odyssey_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Odyssey Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christine M.
Farrell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written
statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Christine M. Farrell 

Christine M. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 odyy-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 odyy-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 odyy-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 odyy-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

