<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241008_10-K_edgar_data_1481504_0001477932-24-006252.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5561056</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243103</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1096285</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1374595</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1211882</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1503076</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-006252.hdr.sgml : 20241008
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241008091943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-006252
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241008
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241008

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XERIANT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001481504
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				271519178
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54277
		FILM NUMBER:		241359296

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		INNOVATION CENTRE #1, 3998 FAU BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 309
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-491-9595

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		INNOVATION CENTRE #1, 3998 FAU BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 309
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Banjo & Matilda, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EASTERN WORLD SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Encom Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-006252.txt : 20241008

10-K
 1
 xeri_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

xeri_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter). (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously filed financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10 D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2023, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported by the OTCQB Marketplace on such date, was approximately million. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director, and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock, have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are affiliates for any other purposes. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of October 7, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. Item 1. Business. 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 13 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 30 Item 1C Cybersecurity 30 Item 2. Properties. 30 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 30 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 30 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 31 Item 6. Reserved. 32 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 32 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 39 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 40 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 40 Item 9B. Other Information. 41 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 41 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 42 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 45 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 47 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 48 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 48 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 50 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 50 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, believes, can, could, may, predicts, potential, should, will, estimate, plans, projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, intends, and similar words or phrases. Accordingly, these statements are only predictions and involve estimates, known and unknown risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of several factors more fully described in Item 1A of this Report under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report, including the exhibits hereto. All forward-looking statements are only estimates of future results, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. The inclusion of this forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere in this Report. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Use of Certain Defined Terms Except where the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: In this annual report, references to Xeriant , Banjo , XERI , BANJ or the Company, or we, or us, and our refer to Xeriant, Inc. f/k/a Banjo Matilda, Inc. Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. SEC refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 3 Table of Contents PART I. Item 1. Business Xeriant, Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of advanced materials and technology related to next generation air and spacecraft, which can be successfully integrated and commercialized for deployment across multiple industrial sectors. We seek to partner with and acquire strategic interests in visionary companies that accelerate this mission. Xeriant s advanced materials line will be marketed under the DUREVER brand, and includes NEXBOARD , an eco-friendly, patent-pending composite building panel made from plastic and cellulose waste and a proprietary flame retardant, primarily designed to be a replacement for traditional building materials such as drywall, plywood, OSB, MDF, MgO board and other materials used in construction. Xeriant is located at the Research Park at Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Florida adjacent to the Boca Raton Airport. Corporate History Formation of Company The Company was originally incorporated in Nevada on December 18, 2009, under the name Eastern World Solutions, Inc. The name was changed to Banjo Matilda, Inc. on September 24, 2013. Effective June 22, 2020, the Company changed its name from Banjo Matilda, Inc. to Xeriant, Inc. Share Exchange with American Aviation Technologies On April 16, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with American Aviation Technologies, LLC AAT ), an aircraft design and development company focused on the emerging segment of the aviation industry of autonomous and semi-autonomous vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). On June 28, 2019, the Company spun out two wholly owned subsidiaries: Banjo Matilda (USA), Inc. and Banjo Matilda Australia Pty LTD. On September 30, 2019, the acquisition of AAT closed, and AAT became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. XTI Aircraft Joint Venture On May 31, 2021, the Company entered into a 50/50 Joint Venture Agreement with XTI Aircraft Company XTI to form a new company, called Eco-Aero, LLC (the JV ), with the purpose of completing the preliminary design review PDR of XTI s TriFan 600, a 5-passenger plus pilot, hybrid electric, vertical takeoff, and landing (VTOL) fixed wing aircraft. Xeriant invested approximately 5.5 million into the joint venture after borrowing the funds from Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus through a Senior Secured Promissory Note, through an introduction from Maxim Group, LLC, the Company s investment banker at the time. The PDR was completed during the first quarter of 2022 according to XTI. The borrowed funds from Auctus were intended to be a bridge loan that would be resolved through an IPO (Initial Public Offering) and uplist to Nasdaq in a merger with XTI, which did not occur because XTI refused to move forward with the merger in accordance with the terms outlined in the Binding Term Sheet dated December 5, 2021. On May 17, 2022, after failed merger negotiations, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with XTI whereby Xeriant would receive compensation for introducing Inpixon, a Nasdaq-listed company, to XTI for a combination or any other transaction. Should a combination or any other transaction occur, the compensation due to Xeriant would include a six percent (6 fully diluted interest in XTI upon dissolution of its Joint Venture with Xeriant, and XTI would assume Xeriant s obligations under its Senior Secured Note with Auctus. On March 10, 2023, Inpixon issued a note receivable to XTI for 300,000, a Transaction as defined by the Letter Agreement. On July 25, 2023, Inpixon filed an 8-K announcing that they had signed an Agreement of Plan and Merger with XTI. 4 Table of Contents On December 6, 2023, the Company initiated legal proceedings against XTI in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case no. 1:23-cv-10656-JPO), along with other unnamed defendants, seeking to enforce the terms of the Letter Agreement, and alleging fraudulent acts, breach of contract and misappropriation of intellectual property. On February 29, 2024, the Company filed a Second Amended Complaint against XTI, along with other unnamed defendants, and on March 13, 2024 XTI filed a partial Motion to Dismiss. On March 12, 2024, XTI merged with Inpixon, the Nasdaq-listed company introduced to XTI by Xeriant, arranged through Xeriant s investment banker at that time, Maxim Group, LLC. On April 10, 2024, the Company filed a Memorandum of Law in Opposition to XTI s Motion to Dismiss the Company s Second Amended Complaint and is waiting for the court to rule on the matter. The foregoing descriptions of the legal actions do not purport to be complete and are subject in their entirety by the full text of the court filings. Auctus Fund LLC Senior Secured Promissory Note On October 27, 2021, the Company was issued a convertible note payable to Auctus in the principal amount of 6,050,000, consisting of 5,142,500, which was the net amount funded due to the original issue discount of 907,500 for interest on the unpaid principal amount at the rate of zero percent per annum from the issue date until the note became due and payable on October 27, 2022, plus closing costs, which included 308,550 paid to Maxim Group, LLC. Xeriant was introduced to Auctus for the purpose of providing bridge loan funding to satisfy the requirements of a pending merger with XTI Aircraft under a letter of intent signed in September 2021. On October 19, 2023, Xeriant filed a complaint in the United States Southern District of New York (Case no.1:23-cv-09200) against Auctus, to invalidate allegedly illegally designed contractual agreements, including contesting the enforceability of the related note and amendments, and to set aside improper and unlawful securities transactions effectuated in violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(a)(1)) by the Defendant, alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and related claims. On February 9, 2024, the case was dismissed. The Company filed a Notice of Civil Appeal on March 13, 2024, primarily based on public welfare because of the pending litigation between the SEC and Auctus Fund Management, LLC, which complaint was filed on June 1, 2023. On June 19, 2024, the Company filed an appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (Case no. 24-682-cv), which is still pending. The foregoing descriptions of the legal actions do not purport to be complete and are subject in their entirety by the full text of the court filings. Movychem Joint Venture Effective April 2, 2022, the Company entered into a Joint Venture with Movychem s.r.o., a Slovakian limited liability company Movychem ), called Ebenberg, LLC, setting forth the terms for the establishment of a joint venture to develop and exploit certain polymer-related advanced materials. The JV was organized as a Florida limited liability company and was owned 50 by each of the Company and Movychem. Effective June 30, 2023, the Joint Venture was terminated, and the entity was subsequently dissolved. OUR BUSINESS SUMMARY Introduction The commercialization of transformative aerospace technologies, including eco-friendly specialty materials, has been successfully deployed and integrated across multiple industry sectors, and has led to a more prosperous and interconnected global economy. These advancements are producing next-generation materials that can affect every facet of our lives with improved safety, durability and decreased environmental impact. 5 Table of Contents Company Overview Advanced Materials A major focus of our Company is the development, acquisition and commercial exploitation of eco-friendly, advanced materials which have applications across a broad range of industries and the potential to generate significant near-term revenue. Our commercialization strategy encompasses licensing arrangements, mergers, and joint ventures, which could allow for more rapid access to the market with reduced capital requirements and financial risk. Some partner companies may provide production and distribution infrastructure, which could streamline testing and certification as well as add brand recognition. Once the Company establishes sufficient production capabilities, the advanced materials may be sold as standalone products, enhancements to existing products, or used in the development of proprietary products under new trademarked brands owned by the Company. We are currently exploring manufacturing and branding opportunities for specific products derived from advanced materials, which would involve setting up production facilities, equipment, systems and supply chains. On August 12, 2022, the Company filed the trademark NEXBOARD for construction panels, namely, composite sheets and panels composed primarily of plastic, reinforcement materials and fire-retardant chemicals for use in walls, ceilings, flooring, framing, siding, roofing and decking. The trademark filing was intentionally broad and based upon demand for a general all-purpose construction panel made from a mixture of fire-retardant and recycled materials. Beginning in mid-2023, the Company began testing two high-volume production processes for NEXBOARD, so our construction panels could be cost-effectively produced in the United States, at industrial scale. After significant research and development, the Company expects that it will be able to manufacture its composite materials into green construction products of various shapes and sizes. High volume production of certified consistent construction panels will unlock existing demand indicated by several homebuilders, green building products companies, and transportation companies seeking our environmentally friendly construction panels in varying thicknesses and sizes, including standard 48 x 96 sheets. On March 31, 2023, the Company filed a provisional patent application titled Multilayered Fire-Resistant Polymer Composite and Method for Producing Same for a method of producing a unique fire-resistant thermoplastic and fiber composite material which may be formed or shaped into various construction products of different thicknesses and dimensions. This green material will be composed primarily of recycled plastic, cellulosic fiber, and a proprietary ecofriendly fire retardant, including but not limited to use in walls, ceilings, flooring, framing, siding, roofing, molding, and decking, used in construction. On April 1, 2024, the Company filed a non-provisional U.S. patent application claiming priority to the filing date of the 2023 related provisional patent application described herein. On July 31, 2023, Xeriant filed the trademark DUREVER for green composite construction products made from recycled materials that could include construction panels, framing, support beams, flooring, sheathing, roofing, decking, trim, doors, and window casings. The Company s advanced composites could also be used as a more durable wood replacement for furniture, cabinets, pallets, and potentially a variety of aerospace, automotive, and marine components that would also be marketed under the DUREVER brand. The Company may also develop and market additional fire-retardant products under DUREVER. During the second fiscal quarter of 2024, the Company was engaged in the development and testing of its proprietary eco-friendly flame retardants for use in its construction panel, NEXBOARD. These fire retardants are effective when incorporated in a variety of thermoplastics and fiber composite materials, allowing the DUREVER products, including NEXBOARD to be fire-resistant. The Company is considering filing a patent application for its proprietary flame retardants. After a series of research and development fire tests, the Company is now pursuing the final certification of NEXBOARD. Subject to available capital and certification, the Company is planning to build manufacturing facilities in the United States for the production of NEXBOARD in order to meet market demand, or alternatively license the technology and process. In the interim, the Company has identified potential sites for near-term contract manufacturing, a pilot plant, and larger manufacturing facilities, received bids for specialized manufacturing equipment, developed timetables related to the action plan, and hired a managing director with decades of experience to oversee the project. 6 Table of Contents Aerospace The Company seeks to develop, acquire and commercialize disruptive, high-growth-potential technologies in aerospace, including next-generation air and spacecraft, that have potential applications in other industries. The areas of focus that are reshaping the future of aerospace include advanced materials, advanced air mobility, unmanned aerial systems, AI, hypersonics, communications, cybersecurity, satellites, and renewable energy technology. The Company s initial concentration was on the emerging aviation market called advanced air mobility (AAM), the transition to more efficient, eco-friendly, automated and convenient flight operations, enabled by the convergence of technological advancements in design and engineering, composite materials, propulsion systems, battery energy density and manufacturing processes. Next-generation aircraft being developed for this market offer low-cost, on-demand flight for passengers and cargo, utilizing lower altitude airspace and bypassing the traditional hub-and-spoke airport network with vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) capabilities. Many of these lightweight aircraft are electrically powered through either hybrid or pure battery systems, which allows for quieter, low emission flights over urban areas, however with limited speed and range. Hydrogen powered aircraft have already been prototyped and are expected to become more prevalent over the next decade. The development of solid-state hydrogen technology may address the safety, large-area storage requirement limitations for gaseous-state hydrogen. The Company plans to partner with and acquire strategic interests in visionary companies that accelerate our mission of commercializing critical breakthrough aerospace technologies which enhance sustainability, performance, and safety. In May of 2021, the Company executed a joint venture with XTI Aircraft Company XTI to further the development of the TriFan 600, purported to become the world s fastest, longest-range commercial VTOL airplane, funding approximately 5.5 million. Preliminary Design Review was completed in early 2022 and XTI claims that the TriFan 600 could enter service by the end of 2027. XTI has recently stated in public announcements that the TriFan 600 has over 7 billion in conditional preorders. On March 12, 2024, XTI merged with a Nasdaq-list company. Under an agreement with XTI, the Company was to receive certain compensation and interest in XTI. The Company filed suit against XTI on December 6, 2023, to pursue a number of claims against XTI. Note 1 on page F-8 of this filings provides a further explanation, however, the full text of the complaint was filed with an 8-K on December 12, 2023, under Exhibit 99.1. Since 2022, the Company has been developing advanced materials focused on high-performance fire-resistant polymer composites for potential applications in aerospace as well as other industries. The Company has created proprietary, eco-friendly flame retardants and a patent-pending methodology for efficiently incorporating this technology into polymer composites to create heat-resistant, superior strength-to-weight properties. In the area of aerospace, management believes that the Company can grow expeditiously by acquiring technology and assets primarily through acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic investments, and licensing arrangements. As a publicly traded company, we offer our growth partners such benefits as improved access to capital, higher valuations and lower risk through the shared ownership of a diversified portfolio, while allowing these entities to maintain independence in their distinct operations to focus on their fields of expertise. Cost savings and efficiencies may be realized from sharing non-operational functions such as finance, legal, tax, sales and marketing, human resources, purchasing power, as well as investor and public relations. The Company is trading on the OTCQB Venture Market under the stock symbol, XERI. 7 Table of Contents Industry Overview Advanced Materials Aerospace innovation has been at the forefront of many important scientific, technological, design and engineering breakthroughs which have had broad implications across non-aerospace sectors of the economy. Research and development initiatives originally intended for aerospace applications have contributed to advances in composites and other advanced materials, health care, transportation, telecommunications, agriculture, and manufacturing, and have led to the commercialization of new technologies and products that have positively impacted our daily lives. One of the most recognized areas of research where the aerospace industry has played a major role is polymer chemistry, which includes the development of plastics technologies and fire retardants in plastics, coatings and adhesives. Technical improvements in aircraft design have shifted from a focus on speed and range to efficiency and sustainability, creating the need for advanced materials in aerostructures and engines that are lightweight and resistant to extreme heat. Plastic composites using carbon fiber are increasingly used in the structural components of aircraft, replacing aluminum. Additionally, aircraft interior design incorporates lighter, flame-resistant polymer materials and engineered alloys for panels, seats and various components to reduce weight. Advanced polymer materials with superior performance characteristics, including flame-resistance with non-toxic gases, have wide applicability in the construction industry. Plastic composite boards may be fabricated from a range of polymers, including polypropylene (PP), polyethylene (PE), polystyrene (PS), polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and polyamide (PA), which are inherently water-resistant, and reinforced with a variety of materials, including cardboard fiber, fiberglass, wood or carbon, which provide increased mechanical strength. Additives, surface treatments and decorative finishes can further enhance the properties of the boards, which can be manufactured in standard sizes and become a replacement for gypsum and wood-based structural panels such as drywall, plywood, Oriented Strand Board (OSB) and Medium Density Fiberboard (MDF), and flooring. Composite boards made from recycled plastic and fiber are considered green building products, not only because they decrease the amount of waste materials from landfills, but because they have insulating properties that can cut energy costs. When infused with a non-toxic flame retardant, these eco-friendly composite panels can be an effective passive fire protection system, providing superior safety and minimizing property damage from flame spread and smoke. The construction industry is seeing an accelerating demand for sustainable building practices, which is expected to drive the market growth of green building materials, as well as promote the use of non-toxic chemicals, including flame retardants. Green building materials are an environmentally friendly solution because they are produced from safe, recyclable products, which help in conserving non-renewable resources and mitigating environmental and human health considerations. Moreover, green building materials have become a durable and energy-efficient solution that makes them suitable for various infrastructure applications. As part of a major rebuilding of aging infrastructure across the globe, investments in renovations and retrofit construction, including the replacement of decaying underground materials, often mandate the use of green materials and building methods. New construction of governmental buildings, office complexes, schools and residential structures is increasingly employing eco-friendly alternatives for insulation, concrete, wallboard and rebar, which often have similar or superior performance when compared with conventional materials. Several developing countries are launching programs with subsidies and incentives to spur growth in the market and spread awareness about alternative construction methods with the goal of supplying affordable and sustainable housing. In the U.S., LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) is the most widely used rating system for green building practices. 8 Table of Contents Aerospace The aerospace industry continues to evolve and adapt as market conditions change and as technological innovation enables the development of aircraft with new capabilities, applications and business cases. Next-generation aircraft are more efficient, sustainable, reliable, automated and safer through technological improvements in design optimization and modeling, composites and advanced materials, artificial intelligence (AI), sensors, autonomy, alternative propulsion systems and manufacturing processes. Many of the airframe configurations enabled by these developments are being designed for the emerging aviation market called Advanced Air Mobility (AAM), the integration of new aircraft designs and flight technologies to move people and cargo between places not usually served by existing ground or air transportation. Increasing automobile traffic congestion in many urban environments demands alternative transportation solutions such as eco-friendly air taxi services and urban air mobility to improve the quality of life for city residents. In addition to being quieter with less or no carbon emissions, it is anticipated that these new aircraft will have lower operating, maintenance, and repair costs compared with other aircraft, including helicopters. For widespread adoption, it is critical that AAM services provide consumers with a strong value proposition to become an alternative to traditional ground transportation. According to information extracted from a Fortune Business Insights and a July 2024 report, those aircraft servicing the 100 to 300-mile range are expected to dominate the global market during the forecast period due to growing demand for longer range vertical take-off and landing aircraft for intercity travels. The growth of the 300-1,000-mile range aircraft segment is facilitated by increasing demand of VTOL (Vertical Takeoff and Landing) vehicles for military applications. A major obstacle restraining growth in AAM transportation is the lack of infrastructure required to enable convenient access, including development of landing sites with charging stations and staffing, which is a high cost, and may be undesirable to consumers in many areas because of safety as well as noise and visual pollution concerns. The establishment of regulatory frameworks and support from aviation authorities is crucial for the growth of the eVTOL market. Regulatory bodies such as the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) are working on developing guidelines and certifications specific to eVTOL operations. This regulatory clarity is essential for ensuring safety, standardization, and public trust in eVTOL aircraft. The development and improvement in battery energy density and the emergence of other energy technologies, like solid state hydrogen, are significant drivers for the VTOL aircraft market growth. As batteries become more powerful, lighter, and capable of faster charging times, eVTOL (Electric VTOL) aircraft can fly longer distances with shorter downtimes, making them more practical and appealing for urban air mobility and other applications. Various manufacturers are making significant investments in the development of the complex technologies needed to address the safety and operational challenges of urban air mobility, bringing next generation VTOL aircraft closer to certification and commercialization. These innovations include real-time situational awareness and collision avoidance systems to identify and navigate in unsafe operating environments, as well as the designs, engineering and systems needed for redundant energy, propulsion, and effective vectored thrust for control. The integration of autonomous technologies into eVTOL designs is a significant driver for market growth. Autonomy in aviation can increase safety by reducing human error, enhance efficiency through optimized route planning, and eventually reduce operational costs by potentially eliminating the need for pilots. The ongoing development of AI and machine learning, algorithms, sensors, and flight control systems paves the way for fully autonomous eVTOL services in the future. 9 Table of Contents Intellectual Property On March 31, 2023, the Company filed a provisional patent application titled Multilayered Fire-Resistant Polymer Composite and Method for Producing Same, for a method of producing a unique fire-resistant thermoplastic and fiber composite material which may be formed or shaped into various construction products of different thicknesses and dimensions. This green material will be composed primarily of recycled plastic, cellulose and ecofriendly fire-retardant chemicals, including but not limited to use in walls, ceilings, flooring, framing, siding, roofing, molding, and decking, used in construction. On April 1, 2024, the Company filed a non-provisional U.S. patent application claiming priority to the filing date of the 2023 related provisional patent application described herein. Xeriant owns a 64 interest in its subsidiary, American Aviation Technologies, LLC AAT ), which owns a patented VTOL drone/aircraft concept called Halo. All intellectual property rights to Halo, including patents and applications for patents, were acquired on October 2, 2018. A Halo utility patent was filed on September 28, 2018, which was a continuation of U.S. Patent Application Serial No. 12/157,180, filed June 5, 2008, which claimed the benefit of and priority to U.S. Patent Application Serial No. 60/941,965, filed June 5, 2007, with both prior applications fully incorporated in their entireties and for all purposes. With respect to the first and subsequent utility patent application filings we have received the following U.S. Patents, namely, U.S. Patent No. 10,450,063 issued on October 22, 2019; U.S. Patent No. 10,814,974 issued on October 27,2020; and U.S. Patent No. 11,597,512 issued on March 7, 2023. Xeriant has filed trademark applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark office with for the following marks currently pending: Xeriant name, Innovation Soaring, Evolution in Flight, NEXBOARD , BlueGreen, and DUREVER . Market Opportunity The Company focuses on disruptive and transformative technologies with broad applications across high value industries, identifying those with exceptional market opportunity, which can be the basis for potential acquisitions, strategic partnerships or licensing arrangements. Early-stage technology companies as well as established companies that have developed breakthrough, high-market-potential technologies, unique intellectual property, that are past the concept/seed capital stage or may be at an inflection point for growth, can be the basis for potential acquisitions, strategic partnerships, licensing arrangements, or initial public offerings. Some companies may be already generating revenue while others have a clear path to revenue, while others have the potential for a combination or roll-up. In some cases, their technology originated and was developed out of an academic environment. As a strategic partner or acquiror, Xeriant can provide companies with access to capital, liquidity through an exchange of equity, new market opportunities and synergistic contacts, and university relationships for research and grants, while maintaining partners operational independence. The Company believes that entrepreneurial spirit, passion, and vision are critical to success, and that it can provide entrepreneurial teams with strategic guidance to execute their business plan, access to financial markets, and investor liquidity. 10 Table of Contents Advanced Materials A few years ago, Xeriant recognized the rapidly growing green construction materials market, and began working to develop advanced materials as a critical area of technology to address the need for next generation building products. The Company has developed a patent-pending composite construction panel, called NEXBOARD , made from plastic and fiber waste, and a proprietary flame retardant to replace products such as drywall, plywood, OSB, MDF, MgO board and other materials used in construction. Xeriant s advanced materials line will be marketed under the DUREVER brand. This innovation has generated strong interest from key players in the real estate development and construction industries as well as building materials retailers in the U.S. These companies are looking to participate in the circular economy and for alternatives to the hazardous waste created from drywall, toxic chemicals used in some flame retardants, and wood because of deforestation and its degradation when exposed to fire or water. The total addressable market for green construction materials, according to Fortune Business Insights, is projected to hit 1.2 trillion by 2032. Xeriant s composite and flame-retardant compositions have applications in a multitude of industries, including steel, transportation, furniture and cabinetry, so there will be ongoing opportunities for revenue growth. Aerospace In 2019, the Company identified Advanced Air Mobility AAM as a disruptive market segment with high growth potential. The AAM category refers to the next generation of aircraft designed to create more-convenient, eco-friendly on-demand flight, using new technologies including advanced materials and electric power. In our early stage, we developed and patented a prototype VTOL (vertical takeoff and landing) aircraft with unique capabilities, targeted for commercial drone applications. Subsequently, in May 2021, Xeriant identified XTI Aircraft Company XTI ), which was developing a revolutionary VTOL aircraft with the convenience of a helicopter and the speed and range of a business jet. The aircraft s unique design elements along with the 1 billion in pre-orders and reservations, enticed Xeriant to establish a 50/50 joint venture with XTI and invest 5.5 million to complete the preliminary design review of the TriFan 600 VTOL aircraft. According to recent press releases, there are approximately 700 presales or reservations for the TriFan 600 representing approximately 7 billion in potential future revenue for XTI. Upon dissolution of the joint venture back in May 2023, Xeriant was entitled to receive a direct interest in XTI aircraft. The Company is in litigation with XTI to enforce its rights and realize shareholder value from its investment. Further descriptions of the legal proceedings are found throughout this report. Xeriant continues to be dedicated to the successful development and commercialization of next-generation technologies with applications in the aerospace industry. Advancements in science and engineering across a broad spectrum of disciplines are reshaping the future of air and space travel, enhancing capabilities, safety, efficiency and performance, while providing solutions to environmental concerns. The innovations in advanced materials, AI, sensors, communications, and energy technology can have a positive impact on our daily lives. These breakthroughs are also making possible revolutionary aircraft concepts, manufacturing processes and propulsion systems, creating new business opportunities throughout the transportation ecosystem. Anticipated to become a reality in the near future, urban air mobility using electrically powered VTOL-capable aircraft or air taxis, is made possible through the convergence of numerous technological innovations. The push for electrically powered flight, known as the "third wave of aeronautics," has produced a flurry of aerospace research activity, including a comprehensive reexamination of the aircraft development process aimed at design optimization. Multidisciplinary design optimization in aircraft development requires the analysis and integration of all relevant technologies related to aerodynamics, structure, flight controls and propulsion systems. The Company is continually striving to recognize technology trends at an early stage, discover new and disruptive innovations and identify synergistic opportunities. 11 Table of Contents Development Strategy Xeriant is dedicated to the acquisition, development and commercialization of disruptive and transformative technologies, including eco-friendly advanced materials which can be successfully deployed and integrated across multiple industry sectors, and innovations related to the emerging aviation market called Advanced Air Mobility AAM ), which include next-generation aircraft. We seek to partner with and acquire strategic interests in visionary companies that accelerate this mission. The Company is planning to commercialize a slate of green building products under the DUREVER brand. After completing product development with a proven production system, initially planned through a contract manufacturing arrangement and then setting up its own manufacturing plant, Xeriant will seek licensing arrangements with major industry leaders, which would allow for more rapid access to the market with reduced capital requirements and financial risk. The Company s flagship product is a multi-purpose, high-strength fire- and water-resistant composite panel made from a formulation of a proprietary flame retardant and a fiber-reinforced polymeric resin, called NEXBOARD TM , which will be sourced from recycled materials. Implementation of the Company s business plan depends on certification of the final product and the availability of capital. The Company is currently working with a contract manufacturer for near-term production and is also determining the requirements to buildout manufacturing facilities in the U.S. to meet the projected demand for its composite wallboards. Potential sites and much of the specialized manufacturing equipment has been identified and priced out. A renowned global executive with decades of experience has expressed strong interest in taking the lead role to oversee the advanced materials division. The Company s success will be dependent on the availability and cost of feedstock, including recycled materials and flame-retardant chemicals, as well as access to capital. Xeriant maintains a strong interest in aerospace technologies, including AAM, and is currently exploring relationships with several aerospace companies that either have aircraft platforms or are working to solve issues related to lightweighting, hypersonics, additive manufacturing, miniaturization, AI, safety, autonomy, wireless connectivity, electric propulsion, batteries, hydrogen, navigation systems, computer processing, camera systems, stabilization equipment, imaging sensors and analytics software. Xeriant is pursuing strategic alliances with companies that provide complementary aircraft platforms and technologies, and access to new markets. Morgan Stanley is forecasting a 1 trillion total addressable global market for eVTOL aircraft and AAM by 2040, which is projected to reach 9 trillion by 2050. 12 Table of Contents CONSIDERATIONS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should give careful consideration to the following risk factors, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. RISKS RELATING TO OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND CAPITAL NEEDS We are in our development stage and have a limited operating history. We are a development-stage enterprise with a limited operating history with no sales, and operating losses since its inception. We will need to continue building our organization and team to competently evaluate and secure business opportunities for the development of sophisticated technologies. As an early-stage business we will likely encounter unforeseen costs, expenses, competition and other problems to which such businesses are often subject. Our likelihood of success will depend on the problems, uncertainties, unexpected costs, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in developing and expanding a new business and the competitive environment in which we plan to operate. If we fail to successfully address these risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially harmed. We anticipate operating losses to continue into the foreseeable future and substantial additional capital may be required that may not be available on acceptable terms . Currently, there is no revenue being generated and we have significant operating losses that are expected to continue into the foreseeable future. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital that will be required to sustain operations and execute our business plan, which involves raising capital for acquisitions as well as developing and commercializing technologies. We are especially focused on the green construction materials business, namely DUREVER building products, which includes a line of composite products primarily made from recycled thermoplastics, reinforcement materials and fire-retardant chemicals for use in walls, ceilings, flooring, framing, siding, roofing, molding and decking. The production of green building materials requires establishing manufacturing operations in the United States, whether through contract manufacturing or setting up our own facilities. Should we be unable to raise sufficient capital required to set up manufacturing facilities to produce NEXBOARD TM products, we would lose the ability to deliver NEXBOARD to interested buyers and incur continued operating losses. We expect capital outlays and operating expenditures to increase as we expand our product offerings and marketing activities. Our business or operations may change in a manner that would consume available funds more rapidly than anticipated, and substantial additional funding may be required to maintain operations, fund expansion, develop new or enhanced products or services, acquire complementary products, businesses or technologies or otherwise respond to competitive pressures and opportunities. Furthermore, any equity or debt financings, if available at all, may be on terms which are not favorable to the Company (and therefore its shareholders) and, in the case of a new equity offering by the Company, existing shareholders will be diluted unless they purchase their proportionate share of the equity offering. If adequate capital is not available on economically viable terms and conditions, the Company s business, operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. We will need to meet or otherwise resolve the obligations required by the Auctus Fund LLC Senior Secured Note and the Amendment to the Note. The Company has Senior Secured Promissory Note with Auctus Fund LLC Auctus ), which became due and payable on March 15, 2023. On June 1, 2023, the SEC filed a complaint against Auctus claiming that the company was operating as an unlicensed broker-dealer and the loans could result in cancellation. At this time, there is no assurance that the SEC will be successful in its effort, or the Company will work out a favorable extension of this note. One of the related obligations of the Company is to uplist to a major exchange. If we do not perform under the Note, and Auctus elects to enforce the Note, we may lose all or substantially all of our assets. If Auctus elects to convert the note into shares of our Common Stock, our shareholders could experience substantial dilution. 13 Table of Contents In an effort to resolve the Auctus obligation, on May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement with XTI Aircraft Company XTI whereby Xeriant would receive compensation for introducing Inpixon, a Nasdaq-listed company, to XTI for a combination or any other transaction. Should a combination or any other transaction occur, the compensation due to Xeriant would include XTI assuming Xeriant s obligations under its Senior Secured Note with Auctus and Xeriant would receive a six percent (6 fully diluted interest in XTI upon dissolution of its Joint Venture with Xeriant. On July 25, 2023, Inpixon filed an 8-K announcing that they had signed an Agreement of Plan and Merger with XTI. On October 6, 2023, Inpixon filed an S4/A for the business combination with XTI. On March 12, 2024, XTI merged with Inpixon, the Nasdaq-listed company introduced to XTI by Xeriant, arranged through Xeriant s investment banker at that time, Maxim Group, LLC. On June 1, 2023, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filed a complaint in the U.S, District Court in Massachusetts (Case no. 1:23-cv-11233) against Auctus Fund Management, LLC, and its principals, Louis Posner and Alfred Sollami, predicated on their alleged failure to duly register as securities dealers in compliance with SEC regulations. The SEC complaint charges Auctus Management, Mr. Sollami, and Mr. Posner with breaches of Sections 15(a)(1) and 20(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Pursuant to these charges, the SEC is actively seeking the imposition of permanent injunctions, disgorgement of any unauthorized proceeds coupled with the associated prejudgment interest, civil pecuniary sanctions, proscriptions related to penny stock dealings, and other forms of just and equitable relief. Additionally, the SEC complaint incorporates Auctus Fund as a relief defendant and thereby endeavors to secure disgorgement from Auctus Fund, of ill-gotten gains from the activities of Auctus Management, Mr. Sollami, and Mr. Posner. Given that Auctus issued a Senior Secured Promissory Note to Xeriant on October 27, 2021, we believe the SEC's order to surrender and cancel any securities obtained by Auctus in connection with its convertible notes business between 2012 and 2021 (including convertible notes, warrants, and shares), may result in the extinguishment of the Xeriant Senior Secured Promissory Note although no assurance can be given that such result will occur. Based primarily on the SEC case, on October 19, 2023, Xeriant filed a complaint in the United States Southern District of New York (Case no.1:23-cv-09200) against Auctus Fund LLC, to invalidate allegedly illegally designed contractual agreements, including contesting the enforceability of the related note and amendments, and to set aside improper and unlawful securities transactions effectuated in violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(a)(1)) by the Defendant, alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and related claims. On February 9, 2024 the case was dismissed. The Company filed a Notice of Civil Appeal on March 13, 2024, primarily based on public welfare because of the pending litigation between the SEC and Auctus. On June 19, 2024, the Company filed an appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (Case no. 24-682-cv), which is still pending. The foregoing descriptions of the legal actions do not purport to be complete and are subject in their entirety by the full text of the court filings. The Company s counsel believes that the Auctus obligation will be resolved in either the pending SEC or appellate cases, although there is no certainty of an outcome favorable to the Company. 14 Table of Contents Not obtaining sufficient financing will jeopardize our operations and the ability to execute our business plan. We need to raise additional debt and/or equity financing to fund future operations and to provide working capital. However, there is no assurance that such financing will be consummated or obtained in sufficient amounts necessary to meet our needs. If cash resources are insufficient to satisfy our on-going cash requirements, the Company will be required to scale back or discontinue its product development programs or obtain funds if available (although there can be no certainties) through strategic alliances that may require us to relinquish rights to its technology, substantially reduce or discontinue its operations entirely. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be in terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. As a result, we can provide no assurance as to whether or if we will ever be profitable. If we are not able to achieve and maintain profitability, the value of our company and our common stock could decline significantly. Our recurring operating losses have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our recurring operating losses raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This condition is expected to continue for the foreseeable future until we can produce sufficient revenues to cover our costs as we seek to raise funding and invest in our operations as well as our sales and marketing efforts. Given this financial situation, no assurances can be given that we will be able to raise capital in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report in our consolidated financial statements for the most recent fiscal years with respect to this uncertainty. The perception of our ability to continue as a going concern may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations and could result in the loss of confidence of investors, partners and employees. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS There is no assurance that we or our affiliates will be able to accomplish the design and engineering needed to demonstrate that the technologies that are undertaken will perform or operate as planned. Because of unanticipated technological hurdles or the inability to assemble a qualified team to address these challenges, we may not be able to meet the technology development and performance objectives that are needed to be competitive in the various targeted markets. The development timeline for the development of certain technologies could expand. Due to unexpected challenges, the length of time to develop certain technologies may become expanded, causing cost overruns and potentially demanding the infusion of large amounts of capital and other financing, which may not be available. Because of the long timeline, there is also uncertainty regarding the uniqueness or advantages of the technologies at the time they are introduced into the market. Some technologies are still being developed and specific market applications have not been finalized. Because some of the anticipated technologies will be in an early stage of development, there is no certainty as to which market applications will be prioritized and targeted as well as the associated timelines and costs involved when we reach that point of determination after a technology has been proven. There is no assurance that the required selling price of our technologies will be competitive. We will face significant industry competition. Most of the targeted technologies will face significant competition from industry leaders or from well-funded entrants in the marketplace. We could face significant competition from companies who have developed or are developing alternative technologies that could render acquired technologies less competitive than planned. Many existing potential competitors are well-established, have or may have longer-standing relationships with customers and potential business partners, have or may have greater name recognition, and have or may have access to substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources. 15 Table of Contents If we are unable to effectively manage our growth, our ability to implement our business strategy and our operating results will likely be materially adversely affected. Implementation of our business plan will place a significant strain on our management who must develop administrative, operating and financial infrastructures. To manage our business and planned growth effectively, we must successfully develop, implement, maintain and enhance our financial and accounting systems and controls, identify, hire and integrate new personnel and manage expanded operations. Salaries and benefits of additional personnel can be expected to place significant stress on our financial condition, and the availability of such qualified personnel may be limited. There is no assurance that we will be able to manage the operational requirements related to implementing our business strategy. We are dependent on key personnel. Our success depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain highly qualified, specialized and experienced management and technical personnel. In addition, as we enter new areas of technology, we will need to hire additional highly skilled personnel. Competition for personnel with the required knowledge, skill and experience may be significant, and we may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain such personnel. The inability to attract and retain the necessary managerial and technical personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are dependent on developing effective eco-friendly flame retardants for use in the production of our DUREVER and NEXBOARD products. A significant part of our projected operations is expected to come from the sale of DUREVER and NEXBOARD products primarily made from recycled materials that use our proprietary eco-friendly industrial flame retardants. We continue testing several different flame-retardant formulas to insure effective performance in the required fire tests for the construction industry and other applications. Operations could be adversely affected by interruptions from suppliers of components that are beyond our control. Our technology, product development and sales could be adversely affected by interruptions in the supply of necessary components which are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors, suppliers and distributors, especially chemicals. We are also dependent upon third parties to timely deliver supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of these items, including electronic components, raw materials and chemicals could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of items we sell. If such shortages result in increased cost of our supplies, we may not be able to pass along all of such increased costs to our customers. Such shortages or disruptions could be caused by transportation issues, inclement weather, natural disasters, increased demand, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports, the inability of vendors to obtain credit, political instability in the countries in which suppliers and distributors are located, the financial instability of suppliers and distributors, suppliers or distributors failure to meet our standards, product quality issues, inflation, the price of gasoline, other factors relating to the suppliers and distributors and the countries in which they are located, safety regulations, warnings or advisories or the prospect of such pronouncements, the cancellation of supply or distribution agreements or an inability to renew such arrangements or to find replacements on commercially reasonable terms, or other conditions beyond our control. A shortage or interruption in the availability of certain electronic components, like servos and switchboards for industrial manufacturing equipment, chemicals, raw materials or supplies could increase costs and limit the availability of products critical to our operations, which in turn could lead to a significant reduction in our revenue. 16 Table of Contents Changes in the economy could have a detrimental impact on the Company. Changes in the general economic climate could have a detrimental impact on our revenue. It is possible that recessionary pressures and other economic factors (such as declining incomes, future potential rising interest rates, higher unemployment and tax increases) may adversely affect the Company. A worsening economy such as we are currently experiencing due to the Covid-19 pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our financial results and on your investment. Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted by pandemics or other significant public health conditions . The COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected the U.S. and global economy over the past few years, resulting in significant travel restrictions, including mandated closures and orders to shelter-in-place, and created significant disruption of supply chains and the financial markets. The extent to which our operations may be impacted by the other public health conditions cannot be accurately predicted, including actions by government authorities to contain an outbreak or treat its impact. We may experience materially adverse impacts on our business due to a number of potential economic conditions. The impact of significant public health conditions may also exacerbate other risks discussed in these risk factors, any of which could have a material effect on us. Our success is dependent upon our keeping pace with the advances in technology. We are positioned as a technology company. Some of our initiatives will be dependent on the technology of other companies. Systems and components may be impacted by rapid changes in technology, including the emergence of new industry standards and practices that could require us to make modifications to its platform. Our performance will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to enhance our existing technology or develop new technology that addresses the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of the market, license leading technologies and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a timely and cost-effective basis. The development of our proprietary technology entails significant technical as well as business risks. We may be unsuccessful in using new technologies effectively or adapting its systems or other proprietary technology to the requirements of emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt to these changes and demands, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We could face liability or disruption from security breaches. Our technology and development process involves the storage of critical, secure and proprietary information. Our communications and computer infrastructure are potentially vulnerable to both physical and electronic invasions, such as cyberattacks and security breaches. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to defend against and lessen or correct the adverse effects of these invasions. Any such invasion could result in significant damage to us. A person who is able to circumvent the security measures employed by us could capture proprietary information; alter or destroy our information; or cause interruptions of our operations. Many of the regulations involving Advanced Air Mobility (AAM), including VTOL (Vertical Takeoff and Landing) aircraft and Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) are still being established and may affect our investment in XTI Aircraft Company. The USDOT, FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) and other agencies at the federal, state and local levels are beginning to address some of the numerous certification, regulatory and legal challenges associated with AAM, including VTOL aircraft, UAV and unmanned aerial systems (UAS). A comprehensive set of standards and enforcement procedures for these new transport systems will need to be developed. New aircraft and their operators must undergo rigorous testing and certification, which may require new or modified airworthiness certification standards. These aircraft will also need to comply with existing regulations or be the subject of new regulations to cover their activities. Current regulations govern operating BVLOS (beyond visual line of sight), passenger transport, operating over people and public streets, privacy, transporting commercial cargo across state lines and instrument-based flight. The integration of UAS and UAM into the National Airspace System and air traffic management is a critical factor, requiring a remote identification process for these aircraft. The FAA s Unmanned Aircraft System Integration Pilot Program (IPP) will provide certification necessary to operate UAVs for certain applications. It is uncertain how new or changed laws and regulations will affect the introduction of new aerial platforms into the marketplace. The time and costs involved in obtaining these certifications and regulatory compliance may adversely impact the development process. 17 Table of Contents Litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. From time to time in the normal course of our business operations, we may become subject to litigation that may result in a liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. The cost to defend such litigation may be significant and may require a diversion of our resources. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. Insurance may not be available at all or in sufficient amounts to cover any liabilities with respect to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims could adversely affect our business and the results of our operations. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures. While we intend to maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs resulting from risks and uncertainties of our business. It is also not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. The failure to obtain adequate insurance coverage on terms favorable to us, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We do not have any business interruption insurance. Any business disruption could result in substantial costs and diversion from executing our business plan. RISKS RELATED TO OUR DEPENDENCE ON THIRD PARTIES We may fail to retain or recruit necessary personnel, and we may be unable to secure the services of consultants. As of the date of this filing, our management team of five people is currently paid as consultants or independent contractors. We also have engaged and plan to continue to engage outside consultants called Senior Advisors to advise us and have been and will be required to retain additional consultants and employees. Our future performance will depend in part on our ability to successfully integrate newly hired officers into our management team and our ability to develop an effective working relationship among senior management. Certain of our directors, officers, advisors, and consultants serve as officers, directors, advisors, or consultants of other companies that might be developing competitive products. Other than corporate opportunities, none of our directors are obligated under any agreement or understanding with us to make any additional products or technologies available to us. Similarly, we can give no assurances, and we do not expect, and stockholders should not expect, that any product or technology identified by any of our directors or affiliates in the future would be made available to us other than corporate opportunities. We can give no assurances that any such other companies will not have interests that are in conflict with its interests. Losing key personnel or failing to recruit necessary additional personnel would impede our ability to attain our development objectives. There is intense competition for qualified personnel in the technology field, and we may not be able to attract and retain the qualified personnel we need to develop our business. We rely on independent organizations, advisors and consultants to perform certain services for us, including handling substantially all aspects of regulatory approval, manufacturing, marketing, and sales. We expect that this will continue to be the case. Such services may not always be available to us on a timely basis. 18 Table of Contents We may be subject to claims that our consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their other clients or former employers to us. As is common in the technology industry, we engage the services of consultants to assist in the development of our products. Many of these consultants were previously employed at or may have previously been or are currently providing consulting services to other technology companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that we or our consultants have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information about our former employers or their former or current customers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. RISKS RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position. Our success will depend to some extent upon our proprietary patented technology. The legal protections available to us can afford only limited protection, and these means of protecting our intellectual property may be inadequate. We rely, and will continue to rely, on patents, trademarks, trade secrets and copyright laws, confidentiality agreements, employment agreements, work for hire agreements, and technical measures to protect its intellectual property. We cannot ensure that the steps taken by it will prevent misappropriation of its technology or that the agreements entered into for that purpose will be enforceable. Effective trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every jurisdiction in which our products and services are made available online. Our intellectual property may be subject to even greater risk in foreign jurisdictions, as the laws of many countries do not protect intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As part of its confidentiality procedures, we generally will enter into agreements with our employees and consultants and limit access to our trade secrets and technology. We cannot assure or assume, however, that former employees will not seek to start or enhance other competing products or services to our detriment, our business, results of operations and financial condition. Nevertheless, management believes that the technical and creative skills of its personnel, continued development of its proprietary systems and technology, as well as brand name recognition and development are more essential in establishing and maintaining a competitive market position. Despite efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized persons may attempt to copy aspects of our products or services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult and requires constant attention. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and police our intellectual property rights. We may not be able to detect infringement and may lose our competitive position in the market before we are able to ascertain any such infringement. In addition, competitors may design around our proprietary technology or develop competing technologies. Intellectual property litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement by us. Other companies, including competitors, may obtain patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell its products and services. Any such litigation by or against us, whether the claims are valid or not, could result in our incurring substantial costs and diversion of resources, including the attention of senior management. If we are unsuccessful in such legal proceedings, we could be subjected to significant damages; be required to license technology that is critical to our operations, if a license is available at a cost which we can pay; or be required to develop replacement technologies at substantial cost to us in money and time. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 19 Table of Contents We rely on patents and patent applications and various regulatory exclusivities to protect some of our product candidates, and our ability to compete may be limited or eliminated if we are not able to protect our products. The patent positions of companies such as ours are uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. We may incur significant expenses in protecting our intellectual property and defending or assessing claims with respect to intellectual property owned by others. Any patent or other infringement litigation by or against us could cause us to incur significant expenses and divert the attention of our management. Others may file patent applications or obtain patents on similar technologies that compete with our products or those of our joint ventures. We cannot predict how broad the claims in any such patents or applications will be and whether they will be allowed. Once claims have been issued, we cannot predict how they will be construed or enforced. We and/or our joint ventures may infringe upon intellectual property rights of others without being aware of it. If another party claims we are infringing their technology, we could have to defend an expensive and time-consuming lawsuit, pay a large sum if we are found to be infringing, or be prohibited from selling or licensing our products unless we obtain a license or redesign our products, which may not be possible. We, and/or our joint ventures, also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to develop and maintain our, or our joint venture s, competitive position. Some of our current or former employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors, current or prospective corporate collaborators, may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information to competitors or use our proprietary technology for their own benefits. Furthermore, enforcing a claim alleging the infringement of our trade secrets would be expensive and difficult to prove, making the outcome uncertain. Our competitors may also independently develop similar knowledge, methods, and know-how or gain access to our proprietary information through some other means. We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights, as well as costs associated with lawsuits. If any other person filed patent applications, or is issued patents, claiming technology also claimed by us, we may be required to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to determine priority and/or ownership of the invention. Our licensors or we may also need to participate in interference proceedings involving issued patents and pending applications of another entity. The intellectual property environment in our industry is particularly complex, constantly evolving and highly fragmented. Other companies and institutions have issued patents and have filed or will file patent applications that may issue into patents that cover or attempt to cover products, processes or technologies similar to ours. We have not conducted freedom-to-use patent searches on all aspects of our product candidates or potential product candidates and may be unaware of relevant patents and patent applications of third parties. In addition, the freedom-to-use patent searches that have been conducted may not have identified all relevant issued patents or pending patent applications. We cannot provide assurance that our proposed products in this area will not ultimately be held to infringe one or more valid claims owned by third parties which may exist or come to exist in the future or that in such case we will be able to obtain a license from such parties on acceptable terms. We cannot guarantee that our technologies will not conflict with the rights of others. In some foreign jurisdictions, we could become involved in opposition proceedings, either by opposing the validity of others foreign patents or by persons opposing the validity of our foreign patents. We may also face frivolous litigation or lawsuits from various competitors or from litigious securities attorneys. The cost of any litigation or other proceeding relating to these areas, even if deemed frivolous or resolved in our favor, could be substantial and could distract management from its business. Uncertainties resulting from initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue our operations. 20 Table of Contents If we infringe the rights of others, we could be prevented from selling products or forced to pay damages. If our products, methods, processes, and other technologies are found to infringe the rights of other parties, we could be required to pay damages or may be required to cease using the technology or to license rights from the prevailing party. Any prevailing party may be unwilling to offer us a license on commercially acceptable terms. We cannot be certain we will be able to obtain patent protection to protect our product candidates and technology. We cannot be certain that all patents applied for will be issued. If a third party has also filed a patent application relating to an invention claimed by us or one or more of our licensors, we may be required to participate in an interference or derivation proceeding declared or instituted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, which could result in substantial uncertainties and cost for us, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. The degree of future patent protection for our product candidates and technology is uncertain. For example: we, or our licensors, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our issued patents, or pending or future patent applications; we, or our licensors, might not have been the first to file patent applications for the inventions; others may independently develop duplicative, similar or alternative technologies; it is possible that our patent applications will not result in an issued patent or patents, or that the scope of protection granted by any patents arising from our patent applications will be significantly narrower than expected; any patents under which we hold ultimate rights may not provide us with a basis for commercially viable products, may not provide us with any competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties as not infringed, invalid, or unenforceable under United States or foreign laws; any patent issued to us in the future or under which we hold rights may not be valid or enforceable; or we may develop additional technologies that are not patentable, and which may not be adequately protected through trade secrets; for example, if a competitor independently develops duplicative, similar, or alternative technologies. 21 Table of Contents In addition, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; the extent to which our technology, products, methods and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those obligations; if a third party expresses interest in an area under a license that we are not pursuing, under the certain terms of our license agreement, we may be required to sublicense rights in that area to the third party, and that sublicense could harm our business; and the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us. If disputes over the intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research to allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. We may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may prevent or delay our product development efforts and stop us from commercializing or increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates. Our success will depend in part on our ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot guarantee that our products or product candidates, or manufacture or use of our products or product candidates, will not infringe third-party patents. Furthermore, a third party may claim that we are using inventions covered by the third party s patent rights and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, including making or selling our product candidates or products. These lawsuits are costly and could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel. Some of these third parties may be better capitalized and have more resources than us. There is a risk that a court would decide that we are infringing the third party s patents and would order us to stop the activities covered by the patents. In that event, we may not have a viable way to get around the patent and may need to halt commercialization of the relevant product candidate(s) or product(s). In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us to pay the other party damages for having violated the other party s patents. In addition, we may be obligated to indemnify our licensors and collaborators against certain intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties, which could require us to expend additional resources. The aerospace and technology industries have produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods either do not infringe the claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management s time and attention in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may be required to seek a license, which may not be available, and then we will have to defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patent in court. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition, if we do not obtain a license, fail to develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an infringement action successfully or have infringed patents declared invalid or unenforceable, we may incur substantial monetary damages, encounter significant delays in bringing our product candidates to market and be precluded from manufacturing or selling our product candidates. 22 Table of Contents We cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology, because: some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued; patent applications in the United States are typically not published until 18 months after the priority date; and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours. Any such patent applications may have priority over our patent applications, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed US patent applications on inventions similar to ours that claims priority to any applications filed prior to the priority dates of our applications, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared or a derivation proceed instituted by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful if, unbeknownst to us, the other party had independently arrived at the same or similar inventions prior to our own inventions, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. Other countries have similar laws that permit secrecy of patent applications, and thus the third party s patent or patent application may be entitled to priority over our applications in such jurisdictions. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets. As is common in the aerospace and technology industries, we may employ individuals who were previously employed at aerospace and technology companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail to defend any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we could lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. Our intellectual property may not be sufficient to protect our products from competition, which may negatively affect our business as well as limit our partnership or acquisition appeal. We may be subject to competition despite the existence of intellectual property we license, or we or our joint ventures own. We can give no assurances that our intellectual property will be sufficient to prevent third parties from designing around the patents we own or license and developing and commercializing competitive products. The existence of competitive products that avoid our intellectual property could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, limitations, or perceived limitations, in our intellectual property may limit the interest of third parties to partner, collaborate or otherwise transact with us, if third parties perceive a higher than acceptable risk to commercialization of our products or future products. Our approach involves filing patent applications covering new methods of use and/or new formulations of previously known, studied and/or marketed devices. Although the protection afforded by patents issued from our patent applications may be significant, when looking at our patents ability to block competition, the protection offered by our patents may be, to some extent, more limited than the protection provided by patents claiming the composition of matter previously unknown. If a competitor were able to successfully design around any method of use and formulation patents we may have in the future, our business and competitive advantage could be significantly affected. 23 Table of Contents We may elect to sue a third party, or otherwise make a claim, alleging infringement or other violation of patents, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names or other intellectual property rights that we either own or license. If we do not prevail in enforcing our intellectual property rights in this type of litigation, we may be subject to: paying monetary damages related to the legal expenses of the third party; facing additional competition that may have a significant adverse effect on our product pricing, market share, business operations, financial condition, and the commercial viability of our products; and restructuring our company or delaying or terminating select business opportunities, including, but not limited to, research and development, and commercialization activities, due to a potential deterioration of our financial condition or market competitiveness. A third party may also challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of the intellectual property rights that we license or own; and the result of these challenges may narrow the claim scope of or invalidate patents that are integral to our product candidates in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend patents we own or licensed in an action against third parties due to the unpredictability of litigation and the high costs associated with intellectual property litigation, amongst other factors. The laws of some jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws or rules and regulations in the United States and Europe, and many companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in such jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in other jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated, rendered unenforceable or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. Furthermore, while we intend to protect our intellectual property rights in our expected significant markets, we cannot ensure that we will be able to initiate or maintain similar efforts in all jurisdictions in which we may wish to market our products or product candidates. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates in all of our expected significant foreign markets. If we or our licensors encounter difficulties in protecting, or are otherwise precluded from effectively protecting, the intellectual property rights important for our business in such jurisdictions, the value of these rights may be diminished, and we may face additional competition from others in those jurisdictions. Changes to patent law, for example the Leahy-Smith America Invests Act, AIA or Leahy-Smith Act, of 2011 and the Patent Reform Act of 2009 and other future article of legislation in the U.S., may substantially change the regulations and procedures surrounding patent applications, issuance of patents, prosecution of patents, challenges to patent validity, and patent enforcement. We can give no assurances that our patents and those of our licensor(s) can be defended or will protect us against future intellectual property challenges, particularly as they pertain to changes in patent law and future patent law interpretations. In addition, enforcing and maintaining our intellectual property protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and courts, and foreign government patent agencies and courts, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 24 Table of Contents If we are not able to protect and control our unpatented trade secrets, know-how and other technological innovation, we may suffer competitive harm. We also rely on proprietary trade secrets and unpatented know-how to protect our research and development activities, particularly when we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or available. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We will attempt to protect our trade secrets and unpatented know-how by requiring our employees, consultants, collaborators, and advisors to execute a confidentiality and non-use agreement. We cannot guarantee that these agreements will provide meaningful protection, that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have an adequate remedy for any such breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or independently developed by a third party. Our trade secrets, and those of our present or future collaborators that we utilize by agreement, may become known or may be independently discovered by others, which could adversely affect the competitive position of our product candidates. We may incur substantial costs enforcing our patents, defending against third-party patents, invalidating third-party patents or licensing third-party intellectual property, as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. We may be unaware of or unfamiliar with prior art and/or interpretations of prior art that could potentially impact the validity or scope of our patents, pending patent applications, or patent applications that we will file. We may have elected, or elect now or in the future, not to maintain or pursue intellectual property rights that, at some point in time, may be considered relevant to or enforceable against a competitor. We take efforts and enter into agreements with employees, consultants, collaborators, and advisors to confirm ownership and chain of title in intellectual property rights. However, an inventorship or ownership dispute could arise that may permit one or more third parties to practice or enforce our intellectual property rights, including possible efforts to enforce rights against us. We may not have rights under some patents or patent applications that may cover technologies that we use in our research, product candidates and particular uses thereof that we seek to develop and commercialize, as well as synthesis of our product candidates. Third parties may own or control these patents and patent applications in the United States and elsewhere. These third parties could bring claims against us or our collaborators that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us or our collaborators, we or they could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit. We or our collaborators therefore may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third-party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we or our collaborators were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product or product candidate or forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, as a result of patent infringement claims, which could harm our business. There has been substantial litigation and other legal proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the broad technology industry. Although we are not currently a party to any patent litigation or any other adversarial proceeding, including any interference or derivation proceeding declared or instituted before the United States Patent and Trademark Office, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products, product candidates and technology, it is possible that we may become so in the future. We are not currently aware of any actual or potential third-party infringement claim involving our product candidates. The cost to us of any patent litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. The outcome of patent litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot be adequately quantified in advance, including the demeanor and credibility of witnesses and the identity of the adverse party, especially in the aerospace and technology related patent cases that may turn on the testimony of experts as to technical facts upon which experts may reasonably disagree. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. If a patent or other proceeding is resolved against us, we may be enjoined from researching, developing, manufacturing or commercializing our products or product candidates without a license from the other party and we may be held liable for significant damages. We may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could harm our ability to compete in the marketplace. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. 25 Table of Contents If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitors may develop and market products with similar features that may reduce demand for our potential products. The following factors are important to our success: receiving patent protection for our product candidates; preventing others from infringing our intellectual property rights; and maintaining our patent rights and trade secrets. We will be able to protect our intellectual property rights in patents and trade secrets from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that such intellectual property rights are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. Because issues of patentability involve complex legal and factual questions, the issuance, scope and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents may be challenged, invalidated, found unenforceable, or circumvented. United States patents and patent applications may be subject to interference and derivation proceedings, United States patents may also be subject to post grant proceedings, including re-examination, derivation, Inter Partes Review and Post Grant Review, in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and foreign patents may be subject to opposition or comparable proceedings in corresponding foreign patent offices, which could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. In addition, such interference, derivation, post grant and opposition proceedings may be costly. Thus, any patents that we own or license from others may not provide any protection against competitors. Furthermore, an adverse decision in an interference or derivation proceeding can result in a third-party receiving the patent rights sought by us, which in turn could affect our ability to market a potential product to which that patent filing was directed. Our pending patent applications, those that we may file in the future, or those that we may license from third parties may not result in patents being issued. If issued, they may not provide us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology. Furthermore, others may independently develop similar technologies or duplicate any technology that we have developed. Many countries, including certain countries in Europe, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. For example, compulsory licenses may be required in cases where the patent owner has failed to work the invention in that country, or the third-party has patented improvements. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of our patents. Moreover, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which makes it difficult to stop infringement. In addition, our ability to enforce our patent rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It is difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise or otherwise promote the compositions that are used in their products. Any litigation to enforce or defend our patent rights, even if we prevail, could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of management and key personnel from business operations. We will also rely on trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protected by patents, to maintain our competitive position. We will seek to protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to it, such as strategic partners, collaborators, employees, contractors and consultants. Any of these parties may breach these agreements and disclose our confidential information or our competitors might learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret, know-how or other technology not protected by a patent were disclosed to, or independently developed by, a competitor, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 26 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO OWNING OUR COMMON STOCK We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends will depend upon our financial condition, capital requirements, earnings and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. As a public company, we have significant additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We are required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. We cannot assure you that we will, in the future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock. The price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially. Our stock price has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. The stock market in general and the market for companies with smaller public floats in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, our stockholders may not be able to sell our common stock at or above the price they paid for it. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: the timing, results and capacity of our manufacturing operations; the success of existing or new competitive products or technologies; announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments; establishment or termination of collaboration of our joint ventures or development programs; failure of discontinuation of any of our development programs; the success of our competitors new products entering the marketplace; regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; the recruitment or departure of key personnel; the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or development programs; the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or license additional products; actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results or production and development timelines; announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or other stockholders; variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived similar to us; changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our stock; and general economic, industry and market conditions. 27 Table of Contents Our directors and executive officers can exert significant control over our business and affairs and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of investors in the subsequent financings. The interests of our directors and officers may differ from the interests of our other stockholders, including purchasers of our securities, in future financings. As a result, based on their board seats and offices, such persons will have significant influence over and control all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, irrespective of how the Company s other stockholders, may vote, including the following actions: to elect or defeat the election of our directors; to amend or prevent amendment of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or By-laws; to effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and to control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for vote. This concentration of ownership by itself may have the effect of impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business consolidation, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for the Common Stock which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. We may issue more shares in a future financing or pursuant to existing agreements which will result in substantial dilution. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of a maximum of 5,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock and a maximum of 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. Any future merger or acquisition effected by us would result in the issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and the substantial dilution in the percentage of our Common Stock held by our then existing stockholders. Moreover, the Common Stock issued in any such merger or acquisition transaction may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm s-length basis by our management, resulting in an additional reduction in the percentage of Common Stock held by our then existing stockholders. Additionally, we expect to seek additional financing in order to provide working capital to the operating business. Our Board of Directors has the power to issue any or all of such authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock are issued in connection with and following a business combination or otherwise, dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and the rights of the holders of Common Stock might be materially and adversely affected. Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue Preferred Stock without obtaining shareholder approval. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue Preferred Stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the Common Stock. In the event of issuance, the Preferred Stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of Preferred Stock, there can be no assurance that the Company will not do so in the future. An active trading market for our common stock may not develop, and you may not be able to sell your common stock. There has been a limited public market for our common stock. An active trading market for shares of our common stock may never develop or be sustained following this offering. If an active trading market does not develop, you may have difficulty selling your shares of common stock at an attractive price, or at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our common stock, and it may impair our ability to attract and motivate our employees through equity incentive awards and our ability to acquire other companies, products or technologies by using our common stock as consideration. 28 Table of Contents Market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. Concerns over medical epidemics, energy costs, geopolitical issues such as the issues in the Ukraine and the Middle East, the U.S. mortgage market and a deteriorating real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns such as public health conditions, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic, market, and geopolitical conditions, such as the current situation in the Ukraine. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans. Future sales and issuances of our common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall. We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including increased marketing, hiring new personnel, commercializing our product, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our share price. We may be at risk of securities class action litigation. We may be at risk of securities class action litigation. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business and result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Nevada law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which may cause our stock price to decline. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Nevada law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if closing such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our Board of Directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock, and therefore, reduce the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve control by the present management. Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Nevada law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Nevada law, as applicable, among other things: provide the board of directors with the ability to alter the bylaws without stockholder approval; place limitations on the removal of directors; establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; and provide that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 29 Table of Contents Financial reporting obligations of being a public company in the U.S. are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance matters. As a publicly traded company we incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses. The obligations of being a public company in the U.S. require significant expenditures and will place significant demands on our management and other personnel, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the listing requirements of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed. These rules require the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. Moreover, despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations will make some activities more time-consuming. In addition, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted, among other potential problems. There will be a substantial number of common shares eligible for future sale from the conversion of Series A Preferred shares. There were 705,895 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of June 30, 2024. Each preferred share is convertible into 1,000 common shares. Once converted, these shares are eligible for resale under Rule 144. The sale, or availability for sale, of the foregoing shares could adversely affect the market price of our common stock or impair our ability to raise capital through future sales of our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not Applicable. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Security The Company s Cybersecurity Policy outlines our guidelines and provisions for preserving the security of our data and technology infrastructure. The more the Company relies on technology to collect, store and manage information, the more vulnerable to severe security breaches the Company becomes. Human errors, hacker attacks and system malfunctions could cause significant financial damage and may jeopardize the Company s reputation. For this reason, the Company has implemented extensive security measures, has prepared instructions in order to mitigate security risks, and has outlined both provisions in this policy. Governance Our Board of Directors oversees our risk management, including our information and cybersecurity policies and risk assessments. Our management reports to our Board of Directors on information security as necessary, regarding any significant cybersecurity incidents. Item 2. Properties The Company s headquarters consists of 2,911 square feet of leased office space located in the Research Park at Florida Atlantic University, Innovation Centre 1, 3998 FAU Blvd., Suite 309 Boca Raton, FL 33431. The lease term ends during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in 2024. Item 3. Legal Proceedings On September 1, 2021, Xeriant brought a cause of action in the Southern District of Florida against a former shareholder for claims, including but not limited to, breach of contract, misrepresentation, and asserting claims to recoup monetary and in-kind distributions made to the shareholder by the Company. The defendant submitted an affirmative defense and counterclaim on October 29, 2021, which was subsequently dismissed. On December 6, 2023, the Company initiated legal proceedings against XTI Aircraft Company in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case no. 1:23-cv-10656-JPO), along with other unnamed defendants, seeking to enforce the terms of the Letter Agreement, and alleging fraudulent acts, breach of contract and misappropriation of intellectual property. The foregoing description of the legal action does not purport to be complete and is subject in its entirety by the full text of the complaint, a copy of which was filed in an 8-K on December 12, 2023, Exhibit 99.1. On February 29, 2024, the Company filed a Second Amended Complaint against XTI, along with other unnamed defendants, on February 29, 2024, and on March 13, 2024, XTI filed a partial Motion to Dismiss. On April 10, 2024, the Company filed a Memorandum of Law in Opposition to XTI s Motion to Dismiss the Company s Second Amended Complaint and is waiting for the court to rule on the matter. On October 19, 2023, Xeriant filed a complaint in the United States Southern District of New York (Case no.1:23-cv-09200) against Auctus Fund LLC, to invalidate allegedly illegally designed contractual agreements, including contesting the enforceability of the related note and amendments, and to set aside improper and unlawful securities transactions effectuated in violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(a)(1)) by the Defendant, alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and related claims. On February 9, 2024, the case was dismissed. The Company filed a Notice of Civil Appeal on March 13, 2024, primarily based on public welfare because of the pending litigation between the SEC and Auctus Fund Management, LLC, which complaint was filed on June 1, 2023. On June 19, 2024, the Company filed an appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (Case no. 24-682-cv), which is still pending. The foregoing descriptions of the legal actions do not purport to be complete and are subject in their entirety by the full text of the court filings. There is no pending litigation against the Company and to our knowledge no litigation is contemplated or threatened. To our knowledge, none of our directors, officers, 5 shareholders or affiliates are party to any legal proceedings that would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. 30 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock is quoted on OTC Markets under the symbol XERI. Shares of our common stock have historically been thinly traded, and as a result, our stock price as quoted by OTC Markets may not reflect an actual or perceived value. The following table sets forth the approximate high and low bid prices for our common stock for the last two fiscal years and interim periods. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Period High Bid Low Bid July 1, 2023, through September 30, 2023 0.052 0.020 October 1, 2023, through December 31, 2023 0.038 0.017 January 1, 2024, through March 31, 2024 0.022 0.014 April 1, 2024, through June 30, 2024 0.040 0.017 Period High Bid Low Bid July 1, 2022, through September 30, 2022 0.089 0.031 October 1, 2022, through December 31, 2022 0.053 0.024 January 1, 2023, through March 31, 2023 0.054 0.021 April 1, 2023, through June 30, 2023 0.031 0.017 Our Transfer Agent The company recently changed stock transfer agents from Olde Monmouth Stock Transfer Company to ClearTrust, LLC, with offices at 16540 Pointe Village Dr, Suite 210 Lutz, Florida 33558 for shareholder and issuer services related to our shares of common stock. The transfer agent is responsible for all record-keeping and administrative functions in connection with our shares of common stock. Holders As of June 30, 2024, there were 202 holders of record of our common stock. 31 Table of Contents Dividends We have not declared any cash dividends, nor do we intend to do so in the foreseeable future. Penny Stock Regulations The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. The Registrant s common stock is a penny stock and is subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouses). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market, thus possibly making it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of a disclosure schedule required by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. There can be no assurance that the Registrant s common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. Even if the Registrant s common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, the Registrant would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The Registrant does not have any equity compensation plans and accordingly there are no shares authorized for issuance under an equity compensation plan. Item 6. Reserved. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should specifically consider the various risk factors identified in this Report that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 32 Table of Contents Financial Results The following discussion of the results of operations constitutes management s review of the factors that affected the financial and operating performance for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. The Company has a June 30 fiscal year end. Executive Summary Xeriant, is dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of advanced materials and technology related to next generation air and spacecraft, which can be successfully integrated and commercialized for deployment across multiple industrial sectors. The Company seeks to partner with and acquire strategic interests in visionary companies that accelerate this mission. Xeriant s advanced materials line will be marketed under the DUREVER brand, and includes NEXBOARD , an eco-friendly, patent-pending composite building panel made from plastic and cellulose waste and a proprietary flame retardant, primarily designed to be a replacement for traditional building materials such as drywall, plywood, OSB, MDF, MgO board and other materials used in construction. Joint Venture with XTI Aircraft On May 31, 2021, the Company entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the Agreement with XTI Aircraft Company XTI ), a Delaware corporation, to form a joint venture with XTI (the XTI JV ), named Eco-Aero, LLC, with the purpose of completing the preliminary design review PDR of XTI s TriFan 600, a 5-passenger plus pilot, hybrid electric, eVTOL fixed wing aircraft. Under the Agreement, Xeriant would contribute capital, technology, and strategic business relationships, and XTI contributed intellectual property licensing rights and know-how. XTI and the Company each owned 50 percent of the XTI JV and would be managed by a management committee consisting of five members, three appointed by Xeriant and two by XTI. The Company invested approximately 5.5 million into the joint venture after borrowing the funds from Auctus Fund LLC Auctus through a Senior Secured Promissory Note, through an introduction from Maxim Group, LLC, the Company s investment banker at the time. The borrowed funds from Auctus were intended to be a bridge loan that would be resolved through an IPO (Initial Public Offering) and uplist to Nasdaq in a merger with XTI, which did not occur because XTI refused to move forward with the merger. The PDR was completed during the first quarter of 2022 according to XTI. On May 17, 2022, after failed merger negotiations, the Company entered into a confidential Letter Agreement with XTI whereby Xeriant would receive compensation for introducing Inpixon, a Nasdaq-listed company, to XTI for a combination or any other transaction. Should a combination or any other transaction occur, the compensation due to Xeriant would include a six percent (6 fully diluted interest in XTI upon dissolution of its Joint Venture with Xeriant, and XTI would assume Xeriant s obligations under its Senior Secured Note with Auctus. The material terms of the May 17, 2022 Letter Agreement with XTI are briefly delineated as follows: Xeriant would be entitled to compensation for its role in introducing XTI to a Nasdaq-listed company, contingent upon the occurrence of a combination or any other transaction between XTI and the Nasdaq company, which has since been identified as Inpixon. Should a combination or any other transaction occur, XTI would assume the financial obligations related to the Senior Secured Promissory Note with Auctus Fund, LLC, including the 6.05 million principal balance of the note and warrant obligations. Additionally, Xeriant was to be granted a fully diluted equity interest amounting to 6 in XTI, issued immediately prior to any prospective combination with Inpixon. On June 5, 2023, after suspecting that the obligations under the Letter Agreement were possibly being evaded, the Company transmitted a formal demand letter to XTI requesting compliance with the provisions outlined in the Letter Agreement, and in accordance with section 8 of the JV Agreement with XTI. 33 Table of Contents On July 25, 2023, Inpixon filed an 8-K announcing that they had signed an Agreement of Plan and Merger with XTI. Despite the Company s pivotal role in facilitating this merger, as memorialized in a formal agreement, XTI repeatedly publicly disclaimed any obligation to compensate Xeriant. On December 6, 2023, the Company initiated legal proceedings against XTI in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case no. 1:23-cv-10656-JPO), along with other unnamed defendants, seeking to enforce the terms of the Letter Agreement, and alleging fraudulent acts, deceptive maneuvers and intentional breaches, seeking a range of remedies. These include the recovery of losses, expenses, attorneys fees, punitive damages and a compensatory damage award exceeding 500 million. The legal action aims to address the alleged misconduct comprehensively and to protect the Company s interests in the face of XTI s actions. The foregoing description of the legal action does not purport to be complete and is subject in its entirety by the full text of the complaint, a copy of which was filed in an 8-K on December 12, 2023, Exhibit 99.1. On February 29, 2024, the Company filed a Second Amended Complaint against XTI, along with other unnamed defendants, on February 29, 2024, and on March 13, 2024, XTI filed a partial Motion to Dismiss. On March 12, 2024, XTI merged with Inpixon, a Nasdaq-listed company. On April 10, 2024, the Company filed a Memorandum of Law in Opposition to XTI s Motion to Dismiss the Company s Second Amended Complaint and is waiting for the court to rule on the matter. The foregoing descriptions of the legal actions do not purport to be complete and are subject in their entirety by the full text of the court filings. Joint Venture with Movychem Effective April 2, 2022, the Company entered into a Joint Venture with Movychem s.r.o., a Slovakian limited liability company Movychem ), called Ebenberg, LLC, setting forth the terms for the establishment of a joint venture to develop and exploit certain Movychem intellectual property that would be exploited by the joint venture. The JV was organized as a Florida limited liability company and was owned 50 by each of the Company and Movychem. Essentially, the Company would contribute certain funding for its capital contribution and Movychem would provide an exclusive license and assignment of its intellectual property. The Company analyzed the transaction under ASC 810, Consolidation , to determine if the joint venture classifies as a Variable Interest Entity VIE ). The Joint Venture qualifies as a VIE based on the fact the JV does not have sufficient equity to operate without financial support from both parties. According to ASC 810-25-38, a reporting entity shall consolidate a VIE when that reporting entity has a variable interest (or combination of variable interests) that provides the reporting entity with a controlling financial interest on the basis of the provisions in paragraphs 810-10-25-38A through 25-38J. The reporting entity that consolidates a VIE is called the primary beneficiary of that VIE. According to the JV operating agreement, the ownership interests were 50/50 and the agreement provides for a Management Committee of five members. Two of the five members are from Xeriant and Movychem, respectively and one is appointed by mutual agreement of the parties. Movychem is transferring to the Joint Venture all of its interest to certain know-how and intellectual property, and the Company is contributing cash. As such, both parties do not have substantial capital at risk. Based on these two factors, the conclusion is that no one is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Accordingly, Xeriant has not consolidated the VIE. After funding the JV during the remainder of 2022, the Company notified Movychem that in its determination it had not performed its obligations under the Joint Venture Agreement and discontinued payments until there was a resolution, which was followed by Movychem formally requested dissolution of the JV, which the parties agreed to and was effective June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had paid 312,919 to the Joint Venture. 34 Table of Contents Stock Sales During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company received 0 by selling shares of common stock. Convertible Notes Issued During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company received 2,030,000 from the issuance of convertible debt. Litigation On October 19, 2023, Xeriant filed a complaint in the United States Southern District of New York (Case no.1:23-cv-09200) against Auctus Fund LLC, to invalidate allegedly illegally designed contractual agreements, including contesting the enforceability of the related note and amendments, and to set aside improper and unlawful securities transactions effectuated in violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(a)(1)) by the Defendant, alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and related claims. On February 9, 2024, the case was dismissed. The Company filed a Notice of Civil Appeal on March 13, 2024, primarily based on public welfare because of the pending litigation between the SEC and Auctus Fund Management, LLC, which complaint was filed on June 1, 2023. On June 19, 2024, the Company filed an appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (Case no. 24-682-cv), which is still pending. The foregoing descriptions of the legal actions do not purport to be complete and are subject in their entirety by the full text of the court filings. On December 6, 2023, the Company initiated legal proceedings against XTI Aircraft Company in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case no. 1:23-cv-10656-JPO), along with other unnamed defendants, seeking to enforce the terms of the Letter Agreement, and alleging fraudulent acts, breach of contract and misappropriation of intellectual property. The foregoing description of the legal action does not purport to be complete and is subject in its entirety by the full text of the complaint, a copy of which was filed in an 8-K on December 12, 2023, Exhibit 99.1. On February 29, 2024, the Company filed a Second Amended Complaint against XTI, along with other unnamed defendants, on February 29, 2024, and on March 13, 2024, XTI filed a partial Motion to Dismiss. On April 10, 2024, the Company filed a Memorandum of Law in Opposition to XTI s Motion to Dismiss the Company s Second Amended Complaint and is waiting for the court to rule on the matter. There is no pending litigation against the Company and to our knowledge no litigation is contemplated or threatened. To our knowledge, none of our directors, officers, 5 shareholders or affiliates are party to any legal proceedings that would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 35 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2024 Results of Operations Compared with Fiscal Year 2023 For the years ended June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 Operating expenses: Consulting and advisory fees 731,128 1,147,398 (416,270 Related party consulting fees 388,000 353,000 35,000 General and administrative expenses 282,249 280,216 2,033 Professional fees 308,109 271,021 37,088 Research and development expense 196,422 - 196,422 Total operating expenses 1,905,908 2,051,635 (145,727 Operating loss (1,905,908 (2,051,635 145,727 Other expenses: Amortization of debt discount (19,189 (461,842 442,653 Interest expense (1,183,885 (10,566 (1,173,319 Decrease (increase) in fair value of convertible bridge loans (2,448 (57,368 54,920 Loss on impairment of investment - (156,460 156,460 Loss from Ebenberg JV - (98,781 98,781 Gain on extinguishment of debt 28,627 - 28,627 Loss on extinguishment of debt (20,298 (4,259,987 4,239,689 Total other (expense) (1,197,197 (5,045,004 3,847,811 Net loss (3,103,101 (7,096,639 3,993,538 36 Table of Contents Consulting and advisory fees Total consulting and advisory expenses were 731,128 and 1,147,398 for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In the prior period, there were increased expenses due to stock issuances for services. Related Party Consulting Fees Total related party consulting fees were 388,000 and 353,000 for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The related party consulting fees for the year ended June 30, 2024, consisted of (i) 207,500 to Ancient Investments, LLC, a company owned by Keith Duffy, CEO and Scott Duffy, Executive Director of Operations, (ii) 67,000 for AMP Web Services, LLC, a company owned by Pablo Lavigna, CIO, (iii) 78,500 to Edward DeFeudis, Director, and (iv) 35,000 for Keystone Business Development Partners, LLC, a company owned by Brian Carey, CFO. The related party consulting fees for the year ended June 30, 2023, consisted of (i) 170,000 to Ancient Investments, LLC, (ii) 56,000 for AMP Web Services, LLC, (iii) 102,000 to Edward DeFeudis, and (iv) 25,000 for Keystone Business Development Partners, LLC. General and administrative expenses Total general and administrative expenses were 282,249 and 280,216 for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily related to increased travel expenses. Professional Fees Total professional fees were 308,109 and 271,021 for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The current period increased amount was due primarily to increased audit fees. Research and Development Expenses Total research and development expenses were 196,422 and 0 for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The research and development expenses in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, were in connection with our NEXBOARD development operations through BlueGreen Composites, LLC, a consolidated disregarded entity of the Company. Other (Expenses) Total other expenses consist of amortization of debt discount related to convertible notes, interest expense related to convertible notes, change in fair value of the convertible bridge loans, loss on impairment of investment, loss from Ebenberg JV and loss on extinguishment of debt. Total other expenses were 1,197,197 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 5,045,004 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to recording the loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended June 30, 2023, in the amount of 4,259,987. Net loss Total net loss was 3,103,101 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 7,096,639 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily related to loss on extinguishment of debt of 4,259,987 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The difference was partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 1,183,885 for the current period. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. On June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had 653,117 and 61,625 in cash, respectfully, and 8,661,248 and 6,684,867 in negative working capital, respectively. On June 30, 2024, the principal balance of the Auctus Senior Secured Promissory Note was 5,850,000 including accrued liability of 50,000. The Note matured on March 15, 2023, and the Company has been in discussions with Auctus to resolve the liability. For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a net loss of 3,103,101 and 7,096,639, respectively. Continued losses may adversely affect the liquidity of the Company in the future. Therefore, the factors noted above raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional capital, obtain financing and to succeed in its future operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations and resolve its liquidity problems. The Company has been funded primarily through the issuance of convertible debt. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, our operating activities used 1,430,345 of net cash used compared to using 1,174,190 of net cash used in our operating activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. This difference primarily related to an increase in stock-based compensation and an increase in the change in accounts payable. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, our investing activities used 8,163 of net cash compared to using 200,130 of net cash used in our investing activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The primary reason for the difference is the 197,563 in the prior period related to Investment in Movychem JV. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, our financing activities added 2,030,000 of net cash compared to adding 370,000 of net cash in our financing activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. This difference related to a substantial increase in the issuance of convertible notes in the current fiscal year. The Company continues to raise capital through the issuance of convertible notes and has received commitments from key investors that additional funds are available upon request. The Company maintains a fiscal policy to limit the issuance of convertible notes to our current and projected funding needs. The Company is confident that funding through this process will be adequate to cover required operating and development expenditures until cash flow from operations is sufficient. 37 Table of Contents Funding Strategy To date, our operations have been funded primarily through private investors. Some of these investors have verbally committed additional funding for the Company, as needed. We have had a number of discussions with broker-dealers regarding the funding required to execute the Company s business plan, which is to acquire and develop breakthrough technologies or business interests in those companies that have developed these technologies. We plan on issuing an offering document to obtain funding for certain acquisitions that are in the discussion stages. Off Balance Sheet Items We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as special purpose entities (SPEs). Critical Accounting Policies Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments which affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities (see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, contained in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 contained in this filing). On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions which we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates based upon different assumptions or conditions; however, we believe that our estimates are reasonable. Management is aware that certain changes in accounting estimates employed in generating financial statements can have the effect of making the Company look more or less profitable than it actually is. Management does not believe that the Company has made any such changes in accounting estimates. 38 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data XERIANT, INC. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JUNE 30, 2024 and 2023 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 39 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Xeriant, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Xeriant, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2, the Company has incurred net losses and negative cash flow from operations since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. F-1 Table of Contents Convertible Debentures As described in Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company adheres to ASU 2020-06 which simplifies an issuer s accounting for convertible instruments and its application of the derivatives scope exception for contracts in its own equity. When the Company issues debt that contains a warrant feature, the Company estimates and records the fair value using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Also, as discussed in Note 12 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates warrants issued through debt under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, to determine if they require liability classification. We identified the Company s application of the accounting for convertible notes and warrant features as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained debt and warrant related agreements and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed agreements for all relevant terms. - Tested management s identification and treatment of agreement terms. - Recalculated management s fair value based on the terms in the agreements. - Assessed the terms and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the amortization of the debt discount. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. October 8, 2024 F-2 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Xeriant, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Xeriant, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2, the Company has incurred net losses and negative cash flow from operations since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. F-3 Table of Contents Derivatives As described in Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, when the Company issues debt that contains a conversion feature that provided for a rate of conversion that is below market value at issuance, this feature was characterized as a beneficial conversion feature and recorded as a debt discount pursuant to ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options. When the Company issues debt that contains a warrant feature, the Company estimates and records the fair value using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Also, as discussed in Note 12 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company evaluates warrants issued through debt under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, to determine if they require liability classification. We identified the Company s application of the accounting for convertible notes and debt modification as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained debt and warrant related agreements and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed agreements for all relevant terms. - Tested management s identification and treatment of agreement terms. - Recalculated management s fair value based on the terms in the agreements. - Assessed the terms and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the amortization of the debt discount. Stock-Based Compensation As described in Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company measures the cost of employee services rendered in exchange for equity incentive awards based on the grant date fair value of the award. The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to calculate the fair value of stock options granted to employees or consultants. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the period during which the employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, which is usually the vesting period. We identified the Company s application of equity incentive awards as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained related agreements and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed agreements for all relevant terms. - Tested management s identification and treatment of agreement terms. - Recalculated management s fair value based on the terms in the agreements. - Assessed the terms and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the amortization of the debt discount. F-4 Table of Contents Variable Interest Entities As described in Note 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company analyzes investment transactions under ASC 810, Consolidation, to determine if the transaction classifies as a variable interest entity (VIE). According to ASC 810-25-38, a reporting entity shall consolidate a VIE when that reporting entity has a variable interest that provides the reporting entity with a controlling financial interest on the basis of the provisions in paragraphs 810-10-25-38A 25-38J. The reporting entity that consolidates a VIE is called the primary beneficiary of that VIE. We identified the Company s accounting for its investments and determination of whether a VIE exists as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the significant risks associated with the proper accounting for these transactions, as well as the nature and extent of audit effort required to address the matter. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained and reviewed all relevant agreements and documents associated with the joint ventures. We obtained management s analysis on the accounting for the joint ventures and the determination of whether these were VIEs that should be consolidated and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed the analysis. - Tested supporting documentation related to management s conclusion of whether the joint venture was a VIE that should be consolidated. - Evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies in the determination that any VIEs identified were properly consolidated. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. Tampa, Florida October 15, 2023 PCAOB ID# 3289 F-5 Table of Contents XERIANT, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of As of June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash Prepaids Note receivable Total current assets Deposits Property equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset, net Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' deficit Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities, related party Shares to be issued Convertible notes payable, net of discount - in default Convertible notes payable, net of discount Convertible bridge loans, at fair value Lease liability, current Total current liabilities Lease liability, long-term Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Stockholders' deficit Series A Preferred stock, par value; authorized; designated; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively Series B Preferred stock, par value; authorized; designated; issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively Common stock to be issued Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Non-controlling interest Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents XERIANT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the years ended June 30, 2024 2023 Operating expenses: Consulting and advisory fees Related party consulting fees General and administrative expenses Professional fees Research and development expense Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other expenses: Amortization of debt discount Interest expense Change in fair value of convertible bridge loans Loss on impairment of investment Loss from Ebenberg JV Loss on extinguishment of debt Gain on extinguishment of debt Total other expense Net loss Less net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents XERIANT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 Series A Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid in Common stock to be Accumulated Non-Controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital issued Deficit Interest Total Balance June 30, 2022 Stock issued for services - - - Conversion of Series A Preferred to Common Stock - Warrants associated with convertible debt - - - Stock option compensation - - - Net Loss - - - Balance June 30, 2023 Stock issued for services - - Conversion of Series A Preferred to Common Stock - Conversion of convertible notes payable and accrued interest into common stock - - Warrants associated with convertible debt - - - Net Loss - - - Balance June 30, 2024 (8,612,454 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents XERIANT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the years ended June 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock option expense Stock issued for services Change in fair value of convertible bridge loans Gain on extinguishment of debt Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss from Ebenberg JV Loss on impairment of investment Amortization of debt discount Amortization of right of use asset Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaids Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued liability, related party Lease liabilities Net cash from operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash issued for notes receivable Cash repayments for notes receivable Investment in JV Movychem Purchase of property and equipment Net cash from financing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from convertible bridge loans Net cash from financing activities Net change in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Conversion of convertible notes payable and accrued interest Warrants issued with convertible notes payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-9 Table of Contents XERIANT, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-10 Table of Contents million to complete the PDR, which was accomplished in the first quarter of 2022 according to XTI. The TriFan 600 was purported to become the fastest, longest-range VTOL aircraft in the world and the first commercial fixed-wing VTOL airplane. According to recent public disclosures by XTI, pre-orders and reservations of the TriFan 600 total approximately billion. F-11 Table of Contents . On December 6, 2023, the Company initiated legal proceedings against XTI in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case no. 1:23-cv-10656-JPO), along with other unnamed defendants, seeking to enforce the terms of the Letter Agreement, and alleging fraudulent acts, breach of contract and misappropriation of intellectual property. The foregoing description of the legal action does not purport to be complete and is subject in its entirety by the full text of the complaint, a copy of which was filed in an 8-K on December 12, 2023, Exhibit 99.1. Litigation is still pending. In the area of aerospace, management believes that Xeriant can grow expeditiously by acquiring technology and assets primarily through acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic investments, and licensing arrangements. As a publicly traded company, the Company offers partner companies such benefits as improved access to capital, higher valuations and lower risk through the shared ownership of a diversified portfolio, while allowing these entities to maintain independence in their distinct operations to focus on their fields of expertise. Cost savings and efficiencies may be realized from sharing non-operational functions such as finance, legal, tax, sales marketing, human resources, purchasing power, as well as investor and public relations. Going Concern as of June 30, 2024. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company s net loss was and at June 30, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit of . These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Based on its historical rate of expenditures, the Company expects to expend its available cash in approximately three months from October 8, 2024. Management s plans include raising capital through the issuance of common stock and debt to fund operations and, eventually, the generation of revenue through its business. The Company does not expect to generate any significant revenue the foreseeable future. The Company is in immediate need of further working capital and is seeking options, with respect to financing, in the form of debt, equity or a combination thereof. F-12 Table of Contents Reclassification Use of Estimates Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-13 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-Lived Assets . Convertible Debentures Stock-based Compensation and , respectively. Leases F-14 Table of Contents Investments . Research and Development Expenses and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Advertising and Marketing Expenses and for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and are included within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Income Taxes F-15 Table of Contents Basic Income (Loss) Per Share Stock options Convertible notes payable Preferred stock Total Recent Accounting Pronouncements F-16 Table of Contents percent of the XTI JV, and it is managed by a management committee consisting of five members, three appointed by Xeriant and two by XTI. The Company invested approximately million into the joint venture after borrowing the funds from Auctus Fund LLC Auctus through a Senior Secured Promissory Note, through an introduction from Maxim Group, LLC, the Company s investment banker at the time. The borrowed funds from Auctus were intended to be a bridge loan that would be resolved through an IPO (Initial Public Offering) and uplist to Nasdaq in a merger with XTI, which did not occur because XTI refused to move forward with the merger. The PDR was completed during the first quarter of 2022 according to XTI, which was the purpose of the joint venture. On May 31, 2023, the joint venture was terminated according to an Acceleration Event, which was 24 months from the start of the joint venture. On May 17, 2022, the Company executed a confidential Letter Agreement with XTI, the material terms of which are briefly delineated as follows: Xeriant would be entitled to compensation for its role in introducing XTI to a Nasdaq-listed company, contingent upon the occurrence of any merger, combination, or transactional event between XTI and the Nasdaq company, which has since been identified as Inpixon. XTI would assume the financial obligations related to the Senior Secured Note with Auctus Fund, LLC, including the million principal balance of the note and warrant obligations. Additionally, Xeriant was to be granted a fully diluted equity interest amounting to in XTI, issued immediately prior to any prospective combination with Inpixon. On June 5, 2023, after suspecting that the obligations under the Letter Agreement were possibly being evaded, the Company transmitted a formal demand letter to XTI requesting compliance with the provisions outlined in the Letter Agreement, and in accordance with section 8 of the JV Agreement with XTI. On July 25, 2023, , and subsequently filed an S-4/A amended registration statement on October 6, 2023. On December 6, 2023, the Company initiated legal proceedings against XTI in the Federal District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case no. 1:23-cv-10656-JPO), along with other unnamed defendants, alleging fraudulent acts, breach of contract and misappropriation of intellectual property. In the complaint, the Company contends that XTI, utilizing false promises, induced substantial investments from the Company, in terms of millions of dollars together with valuable intellectual property, for the development of the TriFan 600 vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) aircraft. F-17 Table of Contents n. The legal action aims to address the alleged misconduct comprehensively and to protect the Company s interests in the face of XTI s actions. The foregoing description of the legal action does not purport to be complete and is subject in its entirety by the full text of the Complaint, a copy of which was filed in an 8-K on December 12, 2023, Exhibit 99.1. Litigation is still pending. The Company analyzed the transaction under ASC 810, Consolidation , to determine if the joint venture classifies as a Variable Interest Entity VIE ). The JV qualifies as a VIE based on the fact the JV does not have sufficient equity to operate without financial support from Xeriant. According to ASC 810-25-38, a reporting entity shall consolidate a VIE when that reporting entity has a variable interest (or combination of variable interests) that provides the reporting entity with a controlling financial interest on the basis of the provisions in paragraphs 810-10-25-38A through 25-38J. The reporting entity that consolidates a VIE is called the primary beneficiary of that VIE. According to the JV operating agreement, the ownership interests were 50/50. However, the agreement provides for a Management Committee of five members. Three of the five members are from Xeriant. Additionally, Xeriant invested approximately million in the JV. As such, Xeriant has substantial capital at risk. Based on these two factors, the conclusion is that Xeriant is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Accordingly, Xeriant has consolidated the VIE. The Company includes the assets and liabilities related to the VIE in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Xeriant provides cash to the VIE to fund its operations. The carrying amounts of the consolidated VIE's assets and liabilities associated with the VIE subsidiary were as follows: Total Assets Liabilities Due from Xeriant Inc. Total Liabilities Joint Venture with Movychem Effective April 2, 2022, the Company entered into a joint venture JV with Movychem s.r.o., a Slovakian limited liability company Movychem ), called Ebenberg, LLC, setting forth the terms for the establishment of a joint venture to develop and exploit certain Movychem intellectual property that would be exploited by the joint venture. The JV was organized as a Florida limited liability company and was owned by each of the Company and Movychem. Essentially, the Company would contribute certain funding for its capital contribution and Movychem would provide an exclusive license and assignment of its intellectual property. The Company analyzed the transaction under ASC 810, Consolidation , to determine if the joint venture classifies as a VIE. The Joint Venture qualifies as a VIE based on the fact the JV does not have sufficient equity to operate without financial support from both parties. According to ASC 810-25-38, a reporting entity shall consolidate a VIE when that reporting entity has a variable interest (or combination of variable interests) that provides the reporting entity with a controlling financial interest on the basis of the provisions in paragraphs 810-10-25-38A through 25-38J. The reporting entity that consolidates a VIE is called the primary beneficiary of that VIE. According to the JV operating agreement, the ownership interests were 50/50 and the agreement provides for a Management Committee of five members. Two of the five members are from Xeriant and Movychem, respectively and one is appointed by mutual agreement of the parties. Movychem is transferring to the Joint Venture all of its interest to certain know-how and intellectual property, and the Company is contributing cash. As such, both parties do not have substantial capital at risk. Based on these two factors, the conclusion is that no one is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Accordingly, Xeriant has not consolidated the VIE. After funding the JV during the remainder of 2022, the Company notified Movychem that in its determination it had not performed its obligations under the Joint Venture Agreement and discontinued payments until there was a resolution, which was followed by Movychem formally requested dissolution of the JV, which the parties agreed to and was effective June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, the Company contributed to the joint venture. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company fully impaired its investment in JV with Ebenberg LLC in the amount of . F-18 Table of Contents and in excess of FDIC insurance, respectively. . The Company entered into a lease agreement commencing on November 1, 2019, through January 1, 2025, in which the first three months of rent were abated. The following table illustrates the base rent amounts over the term of the lease: Base Rent Periods November 1, 2020 to October 31, 2021 November 1, 2021 to October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 to October 31, 2023 November 1, 2023 to October 31, 2024 November 1, 2024 to January 31, 2025 Operating lease right-of-use asset and liability are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value is the Company s incremental borrowing rate, estimated to be , as the interest rate implicit in most of the Company s leases is not readily determinable. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Since the common area maintenance expenses are expenses that do not depend on an index or rate, they are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability and recognized in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and in rent expense, respectively in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Right-of-use asset is summarized below: Less accumulated amortization Right of use assets, net Operating lease liability is summarized below: Less: current portion Long term portion F-19 Table of Contents Total future minimum lease payments Less: Present value discount Lease liability Total face value Auctus Fund LLC Senior Secured Note Through Maxim Group, LLC, Xeriant was introduced to Auctus Fund LLC Auctus for the purpose of providing bridge loan funding to satisfy the requirements of a pending merger with XTI Aircraft under a letter of intent signed in September 2021. On October 27, 2021, the Company was issued a convertible note payable with Auctus with the principal of , consisting of , which was the actual amount funded, plus an original issue discount in the amount of for interest on the unpaid principal amount at the rate of zero percent per annum from the issue date until the note becomes due and payable. The closing costs were , which included in fees paid to Maxim and professional fees for completing the transaction. The Note had an initial due date of October 27, 2022. The Auctus Note provides the holder has the option to convert the principal balance to common stock of the Company at a conversion price of the lesser of (i) or (ii) of the offering price per share divided by the number of shares of common stock. The Auctus Note is secured by the grant of a first priority security interest in the assets of the Company. In connection with the Auctus Note, the Company issued warrants indexed to an aggregate of shares of common stock. The warrants have a term of five years and an exercise price of . The exercise price can be adjusted downward to match the price of Company s most recent issuance of common shares. Effective August 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Amendment to the Senior Secured Promissory Note (the First Amendment with Auctus pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Auctus Note. The Amendment (i) extended the maturity date of the Auctus Note to , and (ii) extended the dates for the completion of the acquisition of XTI Aircraft and the uplist of the Company s common stock to a national securities exchange to November 1, 2022. In consideration of the Amendment, the Company agreed to (i) grant to Auctus a new Warrant to purchase shares of common stock dated July 26, 2022 (the Warrant at an exercise price of per share and -year term; (ii) make a prepayment of the Note in the amount of ; and (iii) cause a director of the Company to cancel his 10b-5(1) Plan. Effective December 27, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Senior Secured Promissory Note (the Second Amendment with Auctus pursuant to which the parties agreed to further amend the Auctus Note. The Second Amendment (i) extended the maturity date of the Note, the obligation to uplist to a national securities exchange and acquisition of XTI Aircraft Company to , and (ii) extended the date to file an S-1 registration statement to uplist the Company s common stock to a national securities exchange to January 15, 2023. In consideration of the Amendment, the Company agreed to (i) grant to Auctus a new Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock dated December 27, 2022 (the New Warrant at an exercise price of per share and -year term, and (ii) make two pre-payment installments of on January 15, 2023, and February 15, 2023. On October 6, 2023, the Company received a conversion notice to issue shares of the Company s common stock to Auctus which shares were subsequently issued by the Company s stock transfer agent and the value of the relating shares applied to interest on the Note. The Company is contesting the legality of this conversion and issuance which is a subject of the Company s legal proceedings against Auctus. The Company tested the first modification First Amendment under ASC 470-50-40 to determine if the modification resulted in an extinguishment. It was determined the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the new debt instrument was at least 10 percent different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of the original instrument. As a result, the modification resulted in a loss on an extinguishment in the amount of for the year ended June 30, 2023. The Company tested the second modification Second Amendment under ASC 470-50-40 to determine if the modification resulted in an extinguishment. It was determined the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the new debt instrument was at least 10 percent different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of the original instrument. As a result, the modification resulted in a loss on an extinguishment in the amount of for the year ended June 30, 2023. On October 19, 2023, Xeriant filed a complaint in the United States Southern District of New York against Auctus Fund LLC, to invalidate allegedly illegally designed contractual agreements, including contesting the enforceability of the related note and amendments, and to set aside improper and unlawful securities transactions effectuated in violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(a)(1)) by the Defendant, alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and related claims. On February 9, 2024, the case was dismissed. The Company filed a Notice of Civil Appeal on March 13, 2024, primarily based on public welfare because of the pending litigation between the SEC and Auctus Fund Management, LLC, which complaint was filed on June 1, 2023. As of June 30, 2024, a total of remains outstanding, and is recorded within accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded in default interest related to the note. On October 6, 2023, Auctus converted in interest into shares of common stock and on April 5, 2024, Auctus converted in interest into shares of common stock. As of June 30, 2024, the balance of accrued interest of this note was . F-20 Table of Contents . The notes have a coupon rate of and a maturity date of one year. If the Company has a liquidity event (i.e. the Company has a public offering of common stock (or units consisting of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock), resulting in the listing for trading of the common stock on the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange), the notes and any accrued interest automatically convert into common stock. The Liquidity Event Conversion Price is the lesser of (a) and (b) the product of (x) the Liquidity Event Price multiplied by (z) 75 . In the event a liquidity event does not occur, the Holder has the option to convert the Notes on the maturity date at a conversion price of . In addition to the Notes, the holders received an aggregate warrants. The warrants have an exercise price of per share and have a five-year exercise term. The Company analyzed the Convertible Bridge Loans to determine if they were within the scope of ASC 480 Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity. The Contract embodies a conditional obligation to transfer a variable number of shares in which the monetary value of the obligation is based solely or predominantly on, among other things, a fixed monetary amount known at inception. Additionally, the obligation is, in substance, a traditional debt arrangement, with the stock of the issuer used as the form of currency for repayment. As a result, the instruments are recorded at fair value pursuant to ASC 480-10-30-7. In October 2023, the holders of the convertible bridge loans agreed to modify the conversion price to a fixed per share. As a result, the loans are no longer required to be recorded pursuant to ASC 480-10-30-7. The Company tested the modification under ASC 470-50-40 to determine if the modification resulted in an extinguishment. It was determined the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the new debt instrument was at least 10 percent different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of the original instrument. As a result, the modification resulted in a loss on an extinguishment in the amount of for the year ended June 30, 2024. The loss on extinguishment in the amount of resulted in the loans being marked up from their aggregate fair value of to their face value of and reclassified within the consolidated balance sheets under convertible notes payable. Less unamortized discount Total face value Between July 17, 2023 and June 26, 2024, the Company issued convertible bridge loans with an aggregate face value of . The notes have a coupon rate of and a maturity date of one year. The Notes are convertible at a fixed price of per share. In connection with the Notes, holders of in principal were issued warrants during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. These warrants have an exercise price of per share and have a three-year expiration date. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and 483 in interest expense related to these notes, respectively. As mentioned in Note 7, the Company marked up convertible bridge loans from their aggregate fair value of to their face value of and reclassified within the consolidated balance sheets under convertible notes payable. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and 0 in interest expense related to these notes, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2024, in principal and in accrued interest was converted into shares of common stock. F-21 Table of Contents . Significant inputs and results arising from the BSM process are as follows for the redemption feature component of the warrants: - Effective contractual conversion rates Contractual term to maturity years Market volatility: Volatility - Risk-adjusted interest rate - The fair value of the Convertible Bridge Loans has three components: (i) principal, (ii) interest, and (iii) a redemption feature. The first two components (i.e. principal and interest) were valued using an income approach. For the redemption feature, the Company uses a Black-Scholes Merton BSM valuation technique because it believes that this technique is reflective of all significant assumption types, and ranges of assumption inputs, that market participants would likely consider in transactions involving this component. Such assumptions include market price, strike price, term, market trading volatility and risk-free rates. Significant inputs and results arising from the BSM process are as follows for the redemption feature component of the Convertible Bridge Loans: - Effective contractual conversion rates - Contractual term to maturity - year Market volatility: Volatility - Risk-adjusted interest rate - F-22 Table of Contents Issuances: Convertible Bridge Loans Changes in fair value inputs and assumptions reflected in income Reclassified from fair value to straight debt Balances at end of period and respectively, in consulting fees to Ancient Investments, LLC, a Company owned by the Company s CEO, Keith Duffy and the Company s Executive Director of Corporate Operations, Scott Duffy. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and was accrued, respectively. For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and respectively, in consulting fees to Edward DeFeudis, a Director of the Company. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and was accrued. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and respectively, in consulting fees to AMP Web Services, a Company owned by the Company s CTO, Pablo Lavigna. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, was accrued. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and respectively, in consulting fees to Keystone Business Development Partners, a Company owned by the Company s CFO, Brian Carey. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, was accrued. The above amounts and terms are not necessarily what third parties would agree to. F-23 Table of Contents common shares, and per meeting paid in cash, common shares, or a combination, an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service, an option to purchase common shares at per share, vesting quarterly over 24 months, and for each of the following three years (beginning July 1, 2022), an option to purchase an additional common shares per year thereafter at a discount to the average market price for the preceding trading days. The agreement also provides for a finder s fee. On July 6, 2021, the Company provided an option to an advisor to purchase common shares at per share, vesting quarterly over 24 months, a bonus of common shares issued upon a strategic partnership with a major airline, per formal meeting paid in common shares, and an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service. Advisory agreement is open ended and can be terminated by consent of both parties upon written notice. On July 28, 2021, the Company agreed to issue to an advisor common shares immediately, an option to purchase common shares at per share, vesting quarterly over 24 months, a bonus of common shares for bringing in a strategic partner that significantly strengthens the Company s market position, per formal meeting paid in cash, common shares or a combination, and an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service. The agreement also provides for a 30 commission. Advisory agreement is open ended and can be terminated by consent of both parties upon written notice. On August 9, 2021, the Company agreed to issue to an advisor common shares vesting over the first year, per meeting paid in cash, common shares, or a combination, and an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service. Advisory agreement is open ended and can be terminated by consent of both parties upon written notice. On August 20, 2021, the Company agreed to issue to an advisor common shares, and per meeting paid in cash, common shares, or a combination, an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service, an option to purchase common shares at per share, vesting quarterly over 24 months. Advisory agreement is open ended and can be terminated by consent of both parties upon written notice. On March 1, 2022, the Company agreed to issue to an advisor common shares vesting monthly over one year, per meeting paid in cash, and an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service. Advisory agreement is open ended and can be terminated by consent of both parties upon written notice. On January 20, 2022, the Company agreed to issue to an advisor common shares vesting monthly over one year, and per meeting paid in cash and an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service. Advisory agreement is open ended and can be terminated by consent of both parties upon written notice. On March 20, 2022, the Company agreed to issue to an advisor common shares vesting monthly over one year, and per meeting paid in cash and an additional bonus of paid in common shares issued at the end of each year of service. Advisory agreement is open ended and can be terminated by consent of both parties upon written notice. There were no Advisory Agreements executed during the years ended June 30, 2024.and June 30, 2023 F-24 Table of Contents shares of common stock authorized with a par value of . There were and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for the conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. During the year ended June 30, 2024, in principal and in accrued interest was converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended June 30, 2024, Auctus converted in interest into shares of common stock. Series A Preferred Stock There are 100,000,000 shares authorized as preferred stock, of which are designated as Series A preferred stock having a par value of 0.00001 per share. The Series A preferred stock has the following rights: Voting : The preferred shares shall be entitled to . Dividends : The Series A preferred stockholders are treated the same as the common stockholders except at the dividend on each share of Series A convertible preferred stock is equal to the amount of the dividend declared and paid on each share of common stock multiplied by the Conversion Rate. Conversion : Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time into shares of Common Stock on a basis. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had and shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Series B Preferred Stock On March 25, 2021, the Certificate of Designation for the Series B Preferred was recorded by the State of Nevada. There are shares authorized as preferred stock, of which are designated as Series B Preferred Stock having a par value of per share. The Series B preferred stock is not convertible, grants 5,000 votes and no liquidation preference. Stock Options In connection with certain advisory board compensation agreements, the Company issued an aggregate options at an exercise price of per share for the year ended June 30, 2022. These options vest quarterly over twenty-four months and have a term of three years. The grant date fair value was . The Company recorded compensation expense in the amount of and for these options for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of June 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested portion of options granted. F-25 Table of Contents Granted - Exercised - - Canceled - - Outstanding at June 30, 2023 Granted - Exercised - - Canceled - - Outstanding at June 30, 2024 - Exercisable at June 30, 2024 - Significant inputs and results arising from the Black-Scholes process are as follows for the options: - Exercise prices Range of expected term Years Years Range of market volatility: Range of equivalent volatility - Range of interest rates - F-26 Table of Contents and warrants outstanding, respectively. The warrants have a term of two to five years and an exercise price range from and . The Company evaluated the warrants under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 and determined that they did not require liability classification. The warrants were recorded in additional paid-in capital under their aggregate relative fair values. The warrants are detailed as follows: Granted .00 Exercised - - Canceled - Outstanding at June 30, 2023 Granted .00 Exercised - - Canceled - Outstanding at June 30, 2024 - Exercisable at June 30, 2024 - F-27 Table of Contents . At June 30, 2024 and 2023, the significant components of the deferred tax assets are summarized below: Valuation Allowance Net Deferred Tax Asset (Liability) The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets and adjusts the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by the valuation allowance to the extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets is not judged to be more likely than not. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income or loss, the carryforward periods available to the Company for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. The change in valuation was and for the years ending June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Future changes in the unrecognized tax benefit will have no impact on the effective tax rate due to the existence of the valuation allowance. The Company estimates that the unrecognized tax benefit will not change significantly within the next twelve months. The Company will continue to classify income tax penalties and interest as part of general and administrative expenses in its consolidated statements of operations. There were no interest or penalties accrued as of June 30, 2024. additional shares of common stock for conversion of convertible notes with a total face value of and accrued interest of . Subsequent to June 30, 2024, the Company issued additional shares of common stock for compensation for services rendered with a total of . F-28 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. Effective July 8, 2024, . Accell resigned as the Company s independent registered accounting firm. Accell advised the Company that it was ceasing to provide PCAOB audit services, and that certain of the audit principals of Accell were now a part of Astra Audit and Advisory, LLP Astra ). Accell issued the auditor s report on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Effective July 17, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the appointment of Astra as its independent registered public accountant. A Form 8-K was filed by the company as of July 8, 2024. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Registrant files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures must ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrant's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial and other required disclosures. At June 30, 2024, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Exchange Act) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of Keith Duffy our Chief Executive Officer and Brian Carey our Chief Financial Officer. Based on his evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, he concluded that, at June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization and (iv) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions may occur or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 40 Table of Contents Our management has conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of Keith Duffy, our Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Carey, our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024. This evaluation was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based upon such assessment, Keith Duffy concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, with the exception of one incident noted below, based upon the Company s size and staff size, and that there are no apparent material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As noted above, there was an incident in which a necessary adjustment of approximately 145,000 was necessary to correct a calculation error related to the valuation of stock issued for advisory board member services, which is now accurately reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The Company utilizes a public company financial reporting qualified CPA to review its financial reporting on a quarterly and annual basis and has implemented additional procedures to substantially reduce the likelihood of such an error occurring in the future. This Report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission do not require an attestation of the Management's report by our registered public accounting firm in this annual report. Changes in Internal Controls There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 41 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers of Xeriant, Inc. The following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers: Name Age Position Keith Duffy 63 Chairman of the Board and CEO Scott Duffy 63 Executive Director Edward C. DeFeudis 51 Director Pablo Lavigna 53 Chief Information Officer Brian Carey 62 Chief Financial Officer Keith Duffy, Chairman of the Board and CEO Mr. Duffy has over thirty years of experience in investment banking, management, finance, strategic planning and operations, and has been a principal in a number of start-up companies. He arranged the merger of American Aviation Technologies with a public company. He was formerly the founder and CEO of a public company and the founder and CEO of two bank holding companies, a software development company and a biotech company now trading on NASDAQ. Mr. Duffy trained to be a private pilot when he was 16 years old and worked at an FBO at the Palm Beach International Airport after college to further his knowledge of the aviation industry. He has held a variety of management, accounting, and finance positions over the years. He has been a licensed securities broker and currently holds a real estate license and a NMLS mortgage broker s license in Florida. He has also served on the Florida Bar Grievance Committee. Mr. Duffy attended Wake Forest University and Rollins College, where he earned a B.A. Degree in Business Administration and Mathematics in 1982. Scott M. Duffy, Executive Director, Corporate Operations Scott Duffy has over thirty years of experience in management, operations, strategic planning, information technology, statistical analysis, marketing and promotion, and sales development. He has collaborated with his brother Keith over many years to develop plans and research for a wide range of start-up companies, including American Aviation Technologies and the Halo project. As Senior Vice President, Operations and Administration at Globe Marketing Services, he was responsible for planning and coordinating the activities of internal management and the support staff to meet corporate objectives. As Newsstand Circulation Director at American Media, one of the largest publishers in North America, he was responsible for the 545 million retail sales division, overseeing both international and domestic distribution. Over his career he has been instrumental in increasing profitability though optimizing core competencies. Mr. Duffy was a co-founder and principal in a number of real estate development projects beginning in 2006. Mr. Duffy trained to be a private pilot when he was 16 years old and has always been interested in aviation. He attended Wake Forest University and Rollins College, where he earned a B.A. in Business Administration and Mathematics in 1982. 42 Table of Contents Edward C. DeFeudis, Director Mr. DeFeudis is a venture investor and serial entrepreneur spanning multiple industries. His investments focus on late seed, bridge, and Series A rounds. He understands complex disruptive technology and enjoys finding rare opportunities that create first mover advantage. Mr. DeFeudis is a financial professional who has served on the executive management team and board of directors of several early-stage companies. He has structured and secured multiple financings while serving as point person to investors, funds, and investments banks, which has led to hundreds of millions of dollars in capital formation. He is extremely detail oriented and understands complex legal positioning. Pablo Lavigna, Chief Information Officer Pablo Lavigna has over twenty years of experience in the Information Technology and Software Engineering field. He developed extensive experience as Director of Information Technology operations at a private firm. Mr. Lavigna has developed and implemented network security procedures and developed software for multiple industries. He holds several Microsoft and CompTIA certifications including Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE), Microsoft Certified System Administrator (MCSA), and Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), and CompTIA Security+. Mr. Lavigna attended Florida International University where he earned his degree in Information Technology and Business with Magna Cum Laude Honors. Brian Carey, Chief Financial Officer Brian Carey is an entrepreneur and business development specialist who built and ran a successful accounting, tax and business management firm for over 30 years. He started a financial management/insurance and investment firm in 1984, then expanded it to add accounting, tax preparation and business planning and management services in 1986 called Carey Associates Accounting and Tax Services. More recently, Mr. Carey started Palm Beach Business Development Group, LLC. This company provides business start-up and development services to a limited number of client/partner companies. He holds a Bachelor of Accounting Degree from Penn State University. 43 Table of Contents Director Independence We are not currently a listed company under SEC rules and are therefore not required to have a Board comprised of a majority of independent directors or separate committees comprised of independent directors. Director Independence Standing Committees The Company s common stock is traded on OTCQB under the symbol XERI. The OTCQB trading platform does not maintain any standards regarding the independence of the directors for our Board of Directors, and we are not otherwise subject to the requirements of any national securities exchange or an inter- dealer quotation system with respect to the need to have a majority of our directors be independent. The Company s Board presently has no functioning standing committees. Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight Although we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be separate or combined, we have traditionally determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to combine these roles due to the small size and early stage of the Company. Family Relationships Keith Duffy, Chairman and CEO, and Scott Duffy, Executive Director, are brothers. Board Committees Audit Committee We do not have a separately designated audit committee of the board. Audit committee functions are performed by our board of directors. None of our directors are deemed independent. Two directors also hold positions as our officers. Our Board of Directors is responsible for: (1) selection and oversight of our independent accountant (2) establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters (3) establishing procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding accounting and auditing matters (4) engaging outside advisors and, (5) funding for the outside auditory and any outside advisors engagement by the audit committee. Nominees There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Registrant's board. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC reports of their holdings of, and transactions in, our common stock. Based solely upon our review of copies of such reports and written representations from reporting persons that were provided to us, we believe that our officers, directors and 10 stockholders complied with these reporting requirements with respect to our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. Code of Ethics The Registrant has adopted a corporate code of ethics. The Registrant believes its code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports comply with applicable laws ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations and provide accountability for adherence to the code. 44 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation. For the year ended June 30, 2024, all officers and directors were compensated as independent contractors based upon respective consulting agreements as noted in Table below. The following table shows information regarding the compensation earned for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 by our named executive officers: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLE Executive Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Keith Duffy (1) 2024 103,750 - - - - - - 103,750 2023 85,000 - - - - - - 85,000 Scott Duffy (1) 2024 103,750 - - - - - - 103,750 2023 85,000 - - - - - - 85,000 Pablo Lavigna (2) 2024 67,000 - - - - - - 67,000 2023 56,000 - - - - - - 56,000 Brian Carey (3) 2024 25,000 - - - - - - 25,000 2023 35,000 - - - - - - 35,000 (1) Paid as consulting fees for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 to Ancient Investments, LLC, a company owned by Keith Duffy, CEO and Scott Duffy, Executive Director of Operations. The Company recorded 5,000 in accrued liabilities related to unpaid compensation for Keith Duffy, for the year ended June 30, 2024. (2) Paid as consulting fees for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 to AMP Web Services, LLC, a company owned by Pablo Lavigna, CIO. (3) Paid as consulting fees for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 to Keystone Business Development Partners, LLC, a company owned by Brian Carey, CFO. The Company recorded 5,000 in accrued liabilities related to unpaid compensation for Brian Carey, for the year ended June 30, 2024. 45 Table of Contents Director Compensation The following table shows information regarding the compensation earned during the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023 by the members of our board of directors. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE Executive Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Keith Duffy 2024 - - - - - - - - Director 2023 - - - - - - - - Scott Duffy 2024 - - - - - - - - Director 2023 - - - - - - - - Edward C. DeFeudis (1) 2024 78,500 - - - - - - 78,500 Director 2023 102,000 - - - - - - 102,000 (1) Paid as consulting fees for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023 to Edward C. DeFeudis, a member of the board of directors. The Company recorded 10,000 in accrued liabilities related to unpaid compensation for Edward DeFeudis, for the year ended June 30, 2024. Executive Compensation Policies as They Relate to Risk Management Management has considered whether our compensation policies might encourage inappropriate risk taking by the Company's executive officers and other employees. The Compensation Committee has determined that the current compensation structure aligns the interests of the executive officers with those of the Company without providing rewards for excessive risk taking by awarding a mix of fixed and performance based or discretionary bonuses with the performance- based compensation focused on profits as opposed to revenue growth. Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-end Option Value Table None of the named executive officers exercised any stock options during the year ended June 30, 2024, or held any outstanding stock options as of June 30, 2024. 46 Table of Contents Incentive Plan The Registrant does not have any equity compensation plans. Consulting Agreements None, although the officers are currently paid as related party consultants of the Company. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The table below sets forth as of June 30, 2024, information with respect to beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by: Each person known to the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, either before or immediately after the merger. Each of the post-Merger directors and executive officers of the Company. All of our post-Merger directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Shares of common stock subject to any warrants or options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2024, are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding the warrants or options but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The numbers reflected in the percentage ownership columns are based on a fully diluted basis of the Company s common stock outstanding after a conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into Common Shares. The persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. Number of Shares of Common Stock Number of Series A Preferred Stock Total Fully Diluted Shares Percentage Represented on a Fully Diluted Basis Name of Beneficial Owner Micha Holdings, LLC (1) - 57,000 57,000,000 4.63 Ancient Investments, LLC (2) - 200,000 200,000,000 16.25 Basil Consulting, LLC (3) 5,000,000 89,362 94,362,000 7.67 Christopher Sawchuk 16,890,791 100,000 116,890,791 9.50 Spider Investments, LLC (4) 250,000 80,333 80,583,000 6.55 Pablo Lavigna (5) 13,454,545 - 13,454,545 1.09 Brian Carey (6) 203,025 - 203,025 0.02 All directors and executive officers as a group (four persons 13,907,570 - 294,240,570 23.91 Total shares 524,853,304 705,895 1,230,748,304 (1) Alberto Silva has control and dispositive power over Micha Holdings, LLC and is the beneficial owner of Micha Holdings, LLC. (2) Keith Duffy is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and is a beneficial owner of Ancient Investments, LLC. (3) Cameron Cox is the beneficial owner or Basil Consulting, LLC. (4) Edward C. DeFeudis is a Director of the Company and has control and dispositive power over Spider Investments, LLC and is the beneficial owner of Spider Investments, LLC. (5) Pablo Lavigna is the Chief Information Officer of the Company and the beneficial owner of these shares, which are under his personal name and his company, AMP Web Services, LLC. (6) Brian Carey is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 47 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Director Independence We are not currently a listed company under SEC rules and are therefore not required to have a Board comprised of a majority of independent directors or separate committees comprised of independent directors. We currently do not have any independent directors as the term independent is defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following is a summary of the fees billed to us by BF Borgers CPA, PC, and Accell Audit Compliance, PA, for professional services rendered for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 Audit Fees 114,480 132,205 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - 114,480 132,205 Audit Fees . Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and review of interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit Related Fees . Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . 48 Table of Contents Tax Fees . Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income tax returns. All Other Fees . Consists of fees for product and services other than the services reported above. Board of Directors' Pre-Approval Policies Our Board of Directors' policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date. The Board of Directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed with Astra Audit Advisory Astra and Accell Audit Compliance, PA Accell our audited consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Board of Directors also has discussed with Astra the matters required to be discussed pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section 380), which includes, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of our consolidated financial statements. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Board of Directors determined that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, for filing with the SEC. 49 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Exhibit Number Document 3.1 Articles of Incorporation for Eastern World Solutions, Inc. dated December 18, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form S-1 dated January 25, 2010. 3.2 Bylaws of Eastern World Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form S-1 dated January 25, 2010. 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred shares effective September 30, 2019. 3.4 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred shares effective February 22. 2021. 10.1 Exchange Agreement by and among Banjo Matilda, Inc. American Aviation Technologies, LLC, and the Members of American Aviation Technologies, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2019. 10.2 Employment Agreement for Keith Duffy dated February 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Current Report on Form 10-K/A dated October 15, 2021). 10.3 Joint Venture Agreement dated May 31, 2021, by and between Xeriant, Inc. and XTI Aircraft (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2021, with redactions). 10.4 Senior Secured Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2021). 10.5 Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2021). 10.6 Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2021). 10.7 Amendment to Secured Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2022). 10.8 Joint Venture Agreement dated as of April 2, 2022 between Xeriant Inc. and Movychem S.R.O. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10--Q filed on May 16, 2022). 10.9 Patent and Exclusive License Agreement between Movychem S.R.O. and (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10--Q filed on May 16, 2022). 10.10 Services Agreement between Ebenberg, LLC and Xeriant, Inc. dated as of April 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022). 14.1 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Form 10-K filed on February 15. 2011. 31.1 Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 50 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. XERIANT, INC. Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Keith Duffy Keith Duffy Title: President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive) Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Carey Brian Carey Title: Chief Financial Officer Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Scott Duffy Scott Duffy Title: Executive Director, Corporate Operations Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Edward DeFeudis Edward DeFeudis Title: Director 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 xeri_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 xeri_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Keith Duffy, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Xeriant, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Keith Duffy Keith Duffy Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 xeri_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 xeri_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Brian Carey, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Xeriant, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Carey Brian Carey Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 xeri_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 xeri_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Xeriant, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Keith Duffy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Keith Duffy Keith Duffy Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 xeri_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 xeri_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Xeriant, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Brian Carey, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date: October 8, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Carey Brian Carey Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 xeri-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 xeri-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 xeri-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 xeri-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

