<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241025_10-K_edgar_data_812306_0001437749-24-032155.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5515964</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173739</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>991707</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1628630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1313537</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1273952</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-032155.hdr.sgml : 20241025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241025171452
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-032155
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROCYON CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812306
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				368732690
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17449
		FILM NUMBER:		241397852

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 S HIGHLAND AVE
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33756
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(727)447-2998

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 S HIGHLAND AVE
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33756

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-032155.txt : 20241025

10-K
 1
 pcyn20240630_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ex_737013.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to ____________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
			 (I.R.S. Employer ID No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 

 Issuer s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
			 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepare or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 

The aggregate market value of the 3,916,652 shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates was on September 24, 2024, the date of the last sale of common stock, based on the average bid and asked price of .26 on such date. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

As of September 28, 2024, there were shares of the issuers Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

 None. 

INDEX 

Title 
			 Page 

ITEM 1. 
			 BUSINESS 
			 3 

ITEM 2. 
			 PROPERTIES 
			 8 

ITEM 3. 
			 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
			 8 

ITEM 5. 
			 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
			 8 

MATTERS AND PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

ITEM 7. 
			 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
			 10 

ITEM 8. 
			 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
			 15 

ITEM 9. 
			 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
			 15 

ITEM 9A. 
			 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
			 15 

ITEM 10. 
			 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
			 17 

ITEM 11. 
			 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
			 20 

ITEM 12. 
			 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS, MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
			 24 

ITEM 13. 
			 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
			 13 

ITEM 14. 
			 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
			 26 

ITEM 15. 
			 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
			 26 

PART I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

History and Organization 

Procyon Corporation ("Procyon" or the "Company") consolidates the operations of Procyon with AMERX Health Care Corporation("AMERX") and Sirius Medical Supply, Inc. ("Sirius"), its wholly-owned subsidiaries, for financial purposes. Collectively throughout this report, Procyon, Amerx and Sirius may be referred to as the "Company," "us," or "we" or "our." 

Procyon, a Colorado corporation, was incorporated on March 19, 1987, and was deemed a development stage company until May 1996, when we acquired Amerx, a corporation based in Oldsmar, Florida, which was wholly owned by John C. Anderson, our deceased Chief Executive Officer. AMERX develops and markets proprietary medical products used in the treatment of pressure ulcers, stasis ulcers, wounds, dermatitis, inflammation and other skin problems. Historically, AMERX's products are sold through distributors to healthcare institutions including hospitals, wound care clinics, nursing homes and home health care agencies and to retailers including national and regional chain stores and pharmacies and to healthcare practitioners who treat wounds. Sirius no longer has any material operations. 

Products 

Major product lines - AMERX , AMERIGEL , HELIX3 Bioactive Collagen , EXTREMIT-EASE Compression Garment and Advantagen Surgical Collagen. 

AMERX markets a proprietary line of AMERIGEL advanced skin and wound care products made with Oakin , proven to promote healing in wound and problematic skin conditions, including AMERIGEL Hydrogel Wound Dressing, AMERIGEL Post Op Surgical Kits, AMERIGEL Saline Wound Wash, AMERIGEL Care Lotion, and AMERIGEL Barrier Lotion. These products have become the core foundation for AMERX's growth. 

In fiscal 2015, AMERX expanded its product brands by introducing HELIX3 Bioactive Collagen. HELIX3 is available in Collagen Powder (HELIX3 CP) and Collagen Matrix (HELIX3 CM); developed to address market segments previously unavailable to AMERX. In 2022, HELIX3 Collagen Gel was added to expand this line of products. 

In fiscal 2016, AMERX continued its brand expansion by introducing the AMERX wound care product line. The line consists of: AMERX Calcium Alginate Dressing, AMERX Foam Dressing, AMERX Gauze Dressing, AMERX Hyrdocolloid Dressing, and AMERX Wound Care Kits, including AMERX Calcium Alginate Wound Care Kit, AMERX Collagen Matrix Wound Care Kit, AMERX Collagen Powder Wound Care Kit, AMERX Foam Wound Care Kit and AMERX Hydrogel Wound Care Kit. 

In fiscal 2017, AMERX expanded its product line to include a new segment of the wound care market by introducing the EXTREMIT-EASE Compression Garment line. Extremit-Ease received a patent in June of 2022. These new products have demonstrated early success and product expansion has made it possible for AMERX to provide treatments outside its historical niche. 

In fiscal 2021, AMERX introduced AMERIGEL Hand Sanitizer, a premium product containing 70 alcohol to be effective against germs and moisturizers to keep the skin from drying out from heavy use. 

3

In fiscal 2022, AMERX expanded its product line with the introduction of Advantagen, a surgical collagen powder that promotes wound closure and decreases the potential for surgical site infection. AMERX also introduced AMERX Rolled Gauze Wound Care Kits. These kits provide alternative dressing options for patients when traditional bandage applications are problematic. AMERX also updated its AMERX Dressing product line, including Calcium Alginate, Foam and Gauze Dressings used in the treatment of wounds. AMERX also added Retention tape to this product line furthering the Companies breadth of wound care product. 

In fiscal 2023, AMERX expanded it product line with the introduction of Helix Collagen Gel. Helix Collagen Gel addresses wounds that are dry to moderate in drainage. 

AMERX wound care products sold under the brand names AMERIGEL, HELIX3, AMERX and EXTREMIT-EASE, have received approval for Medicare reimbursement, assigned by the Pricing, Data Analysis and Coding contractor for Medicare and Medicaid ("PDAC"). We believe this reimbursement code is beneficial to AMERX's business, allowing customers on Medicare to seek coverage for use of these products. AMERX will continue to evaluate product line expansion in fiscal 2025. 

AMERX spent approximately 30,100 towards research and development efforts over the past fiscal year. These efforts were directed towards new product offerings. 

The AMERIGEL product line with OAKIN is based on proprietary formulations which are protected as trade secret information and with registered trademarks. AMERX filed for patent protection on the Extremit-Ease Compression Garment in 2017. The patent was approved in June 2022. HELIX3, HELIX3 CP, HELIX3 CM and HELIX3 Bioactive Collagen, OAKIN and EXTREMIT-EASE are registered trademarks of AMERX Health Care. All products are registered with the Food and Drug Administration ("FDA"). 

AMERX product lines continue to gain acceptance within the health care community. AMERX owns and operates four different websites. The sites can be viewed at www.amerigel.com , www.amerxhc.com , www.extremitease.com and www.amerxstore.com . These websites provide viewer-focused information about AMERX's products to consumers (amerigel.com and extremitease.com) and health care providers (amerxhc.com). Amerxstore.com, amerigel.com and extremitease.com are equipped to handle direct sales to the public. 

Market for Products 

We have expanded our product line over the years to address a broader range of wound applications. Our core AMERIGEL product line containing Oakin established our presence in the physician market to address skin and wound care treatment needs. HELIX3 Bioactive Collagen was added to our product line in fiscal 2015 and AMERX Kits, dressings and bandages in fiscal 2016 to address the broader wound care market needs for an increasing number of people with diabetes and obesity. This market is primarily comprised of hospitals, wound care centers, nursing homes, home health care agencies and health care practioners. The EXTREMIT-EASE Compression Garment, introduced in 2017, enables AMERX Health Care to compete in the global compression therapy market, a multi-billion market that is projected to escalate as a result of aging populations, rising prevalence of diabetes, lymphatic diseases, 

 cancer surgeries, venous diseases and sports injuries. In fiscal 2019, the Company continued expanding its sales channel designed to reduce inventory costs while increasing access to AMERX full line of products, through existing markets. Amerx grew its Wound Care product line with the addition of Retention Tape, additional Bordered Foam sizes and additional sizes of Calcium Alginate products. The HELIX Collagen line grew with the addition of a 1" x 1", 4" x 4" and 7" x 7" Matrix pad. In fiscal 2021, AMERX added a 1" x 6" and 1" x 10" matrix pad to HELIX Collagen lline. In fiscal 2020, AMERX's Extremit-Ease Compression Garment line expanded with the introduction of a Tan version of the garment and matching liner. Extremit-Ease continues to gain momentum in the wound care, edema and lymphedema markets with plans to further expand the line. In fiscal 2021, AMERX introduced AMERIGEL Hand Sanitizer, a premium product containing 70 alcohol to be effective against germs and moisturizers to keep the skin from drying out from heavy use. In fiscal 2022, AMERX expanded its Collagen line with the introduction of Advantagen , to bring its line of products into hospital and surgery center settings. AMERX also repackaged its AMERX Dressing product line, including Calcium Alginate, Foam and Gauze Dressings; and added Retention Tape as a secondary dressing option. 

4

We believe AMERX Health Care's products offer quality, efficacious treatment options for acute and chronic wounds, ulcers and recurring skin conditions, and therapy options for edema most often treated by health care professionals. The retail market for AMERX products is comprised of national and regional chain stores, independent retail pharmacies and medical supply stores. 

Distribution and Sales 

AMERX's traditional method of distribution has been through retail and institutional distributors. We expect to continue increasing our distributor base, particularly with distributors capable of introducing AMERX's products in new medical specialty markets, in new geographical areas and to new retail chains. Distributors typically purchase products from AMERX on standard credit terms (2 10, Net 30). AMERX supports its distributors through product literature, advertising and participation at industry trade shows. All existing distributors sell AMERX products on a non-exclusive basis. Amerx continues to show significant growth in its internet channel of sales, which includes all or their products, excluding kits (exclusive to the professional market). 

We periodically receive inquiries about international market distribution for the AMERIGEL product line. These inquiries have been generated by our advertising, market presence and web sites (www.amerxhc.com, www.amerigel.com and www.extremitease.com). We respond to and pursue all such inquiries, while complying with applicable international regulatory guidelines. 

In fiscal 2024, AMERX generated all of our net sales of approximately 4,984,000. 

Significant Customer(s) 

During the year ended June 30, 2024 sales from one customer accounted for approximately more than 10 of AMERX s sales. In fiscal 2023 one customer accounted for more than 10 of AMERX s sales. 

Manufacturing 

During fiscal 2024, the majority of manufacturing of AMERX's products was completed by non-affiliated manufacturing facilities. AMERX has written contracts with its manufacturers (and there are no minimum purchase requirements). The agreements / arrangements made with multiple manufacturers reduces the potential risk associated with relying on a single manufacturer. AMERX believes there are additional companies that could manufacture AMERX products according to specifications, if necessary. 

AMERX's manufacturing and packaging activities are performed pursuant to Current Good Manufacturing Practices ("CGMP") as defined under the United States Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended (the "FFDC Act") and the regulations promulgated under the FFDC Act. All manufacturing activities are required to comply with the product specifications, supplies and test methods developed by AMERX specifically for its products, as well as the CGMP. 

5

A single source currently furnishes a proprietary ingredient contained in the AMERIGEL products. AMERX does not have a written contract with this supplier; however, management believes that, if necessary, an alternative supplier could be secured within a reasonable period of time. The manufacturer generally provides other raw materials and ingredients and we believe there are numerous other sources for these materials and ingredients. However, there can be no assurance that AMERX would be able to timely secure an alternative supplier and the failure to replace this supplier in a timely manner could materially harm AMERX's results of operations. 

Proprietary Rights 

The United States Patent and Trademark Office registered the Company's AMERIGEL trademark in January 1999. OAKIN, the principal proprietary ingredient used in AMERIGEL products, became a registered trademark in 2007. In fiscal 2016, AMERX received registered trademarks for the OAKIN logo, HELIX3, HELIX3 CM, HELIX3 CP and the HELIX3 logo. In fiscal 2017, AMERX received registered trademark approval for the EXTREMIT-EASE Compression Garment name, logo and mark "WHERE COMPRESSION MEETS COMPLIANCE". All registered trademarks have been periodically renewed, when required, and are currently in effect. In 2017 AMERX Health Care filed a patent application related to our EXTREMIT-EASE compression product. This patent was approved in June 2022. In fiscal 2023, AMERX received registered trademark approval for the ADVANTAGEN logo. AMERX relies on a combination of trademarks, patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to establish and protect its proprietary rights. 

Competition 

The market for skin and wound care treatment products in which AMERX operates is highly competitive. Competition is based on product efficacy, brand recognition, loyalty, quality, price and availability of shelf space in the retail market. AMERX competes against several well-capitalized companies offering a range of skin treatment products as well as small competitors having a limited number of products. AMERX has successfully established its products efficacy and value within specialized health care markets and expects to continue to expand this marketplace. 

Order Placement and Backlog 

There were back orders of 4,483 as of June 30, 2024 and 0 as of June 30, 2023, respectively. 

Governmental Approvals and Regulations 

The production and marketing of our products are subject to regulation for safety, efficacy and quality by numerous governmental authorities in the United States. AMERX's advertising and sales practices are subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), the FDA and state agencies. The FFDC Act, as amended, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of AMERX's products. The FDA regulates the contents, labeling and advertising of AMERX's products. AMERX may be required to obtain FDA approval for proposed nonprescription products. This procedure involves extensive clinical research, and separate FDA approvals are required at various stages of product development. The approval process requires, among other things, presentation of substantial evidence to the FDA, based on clinical studies, as to the safety and efficacy of the proposed product. After approval, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in production and quality control to assure continual compliance with the Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) regulations. 

6

We believe that, as of June 30, 2024, we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our operations in all material respects. Compliance with the various provisions of national, state and local laws and regulations has had a material adverse effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings, financial position, liquidity and competitive position of the Company. We have incurred and will continue to incur costs in order to remain compliant with applicable securities laws and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the FDA. 

Employees 

As of September 1, 2024, the Company and its subsidiary employ a total of 19 full time employees and 1 part time employee, consisting of 10 management employees, 3 sales-related employees and 7 administrative employees. One employee works under Procyon and nineteen employees work under the AMERX subsidiary. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations. Cybersecurity incidents include an intentional attack or unintentional event allowing unauthorized access to systems impacting the confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of our information sources. Cybersecurity threats are any potential unauthorized occurrence on or conducted through our information systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems or the information therein. 

To date, Cybersecurity threats have not had a material impact nor, are they anticipated to significantly affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. 

We rely extensively on information technology (IT) services to conduct our business. We also rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms to assist in conducting our business. 

Procyon Corporation has processes in place for identifying, assessing and managing material risks from potential unauthorized access to electronic information held by the Company for business and/or commercial purposes. We have safeguards in place to protect the confidentiality of information residing on the systems that include controls, mechanisms and technologies designed to prevent, detect and/or mitigate data theft or misuse. The data includes proprietary information that we routinely collect, process, store and transmit while conducting business with our customers. We contract third party consultants to assist providing security hardware and software, as well as providing reporting and recommendations to strengthen our systems. 

As part of our risk management process, cybersecurity risks and mitigations are evaluated by senior leadership and presented to the Board of Directors. 

As methods of cybersecurity attacks are varied and constantly evolving, we regularly review and update systems, processes and procedures to safeguard against potential threats. However, there is no guarantee that the measures we undertake will be adequate to safeguard against all threats presented; and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. These attacks are also reviewed by our third party consultants. 

Regulatory requirements related to data privacy and cybersecurity are also changing, presenting new and increasingly rigorous requirements that may be applicable to our business. Implementation of and maintaining compliance with the evolving changes requires significant effort and cost for a company of our size which may limit our ability to comply and our cyber insurance coverage may not be adequate for liabilities or costs actually incurred. 

7

The Company has current insurance coverage for Cybersecurity attacks. This coverage however, may not cover be enough to cover substantial attacks, if they occur. We also cannot be certain that insurance will be available to us with reasonable terms or that any insurer will not deny coverage of a future claim. These risks could substantially increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and disrupt our business. 

 Acceptance of current payment options also subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements which may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance even more difficult, costly or uncertain. We cannot guarantee that our financial results will not be negatively impacted by complying with these requirements. 

We will continue to mitigate risks by employing physical, administrative and technical measures including employee training, logical access controls, monitoring and testing, and maintenance of protective systems and contingency plans but remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown cybersecurity threats and cannot be assured that the impact from such threats will not be material. 

Management is in the process of starting an outside third party audit of our systems, to review if there are any improvements needed from either a security aspect or personnel training to safeguard against the internal human factor that can unintentionally cause harm. Management will report on these findings in the future. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our corporate office, and those of AMERX and Sirius, at 164 Douglas Road East, Suite 164, Oldsmar, Florida 34677. Our office consists of approximately 18,000 square feet of space. We have entered into a five year lease which commenced in January 2021. 

On January 13, 2021 the Company entered into a lease agreement to lease 18,000 square feet of warehouse space in Oldsmar, FL. The lease is is for a five year term starting May 1, 2021 and ending April 30, 2026. The lease payment begins at 14,165 per month and will increase annually based on the Consumer Price Index, and will be no less then 2 or exceed 5 per year. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company and its subsidiaries are not a party to any pending material legal proceedings nor is our property the subject of a pending legal proceeding. 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

The Company s Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB electronic quotations system run by OTC Markets Group, Inc. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

 As of September 23, 2024, there were approximately 107 record holders of the Company s Common Stock. 

Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends if declared by the Company s Board of Directors. We have not declared any dividends on our Common Stock and have no current plans to declare a dividend in the immediate future. 

8

Holders of the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, if declared by the Board of Directors, quarterly dividends at an annual rate of .10 per share. Dividends accrue without interest, from the date of issuance, and are payable in arrears in cash or common stock, when and if declared by the Board of Directors. No dividends had been declared or paid at June 30, 2024, and dividends, if ever declared, in arrears at such date total 421,736. 

Holders of the Preferred Stock have the right to convert their shares of Preferred Stock into an equal number of shares of Common Stock of the Company. In addition, every holder of preferred stock is entitled to that number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which the preferred stock is convertible. Such preferred shares will automatically convert into one share of Common Stock at the close of a public offering of Common Stock by the Company provided the Company receives gross proceeds of at least 1,000,000, and the initial offering price of the Common Stock sold in such offering is equal to or in excess of 1 per share. No shares were converted during fiscal 2023. Three shareholders converted their stock in fiscal 2024. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company is prohibited from declaring dividends or other distributions related to its Common Stock or purchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring any of the Common Stock. 

There have been price fluctuations in the Company s Common Stock during the period covered by this report. Factors that may have caused or can cause market prices to fluctuate include the number of shares available in the public float, any purchase or sale of a significant number of shares during a relatively short time period, quarterly fluctuations in results of operations, issuance of additional securities, entrance of such securities into the public float, market conditions specific to the Company s industry and market conditions in general, and the willingness of broker-dealers to effect transactions in low priced securities. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent years. These fluctuations, may have had a substantial effect on the market price for many small capitalization companies such as the Company. Factors such as those cited above, as well as other factors that may be unrelated to the operating performance of the Company, may significantly affect the price of the Common Stock. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table contains information regarding Procyon s equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2024. The Company maintained the Procyon Corporation 2009 Stock Option Plan (the "2009 Option Plan"), which expired by its terms on December 8, 2019. In November 2020, our shareholders approved the Procyon Corporation 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2020 Option Plan ). 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2009 Option Plan 
			 65,000 
			 .17 
			 435,000 shares of Common Stock for Non-Qualified Stock Options (250,000 of which have been issued) and Stock Appreciation Rights and 500,000 shares of Common Stock for Incentive Stock Options. 

2020 Option Plan 
			 75,432 
			 .29 
			 1,911,720 shares of Common Stock for Stock Options, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units and Other Stock-Based Awards. 

9

Effective June 30, 2021, the Company granted 25,000 non-qualified stock options to Justice W. Anderson and 25,000 non-qualified stock options to James B. Anderson for exceeding certain performance standards in fiscal 2021, pursuant to the terms of their respective Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreements dated July 1, 2020. Each of the options were dated September 24, 2021, but were granted and effective as of June 30, 2021 for a ten year term and have an exercise price of .373 per share. 

Effective June 30, 2024, the Company awarded 12,848 Options to purchase Common Shares to Fred Suggs, Jr. The Company also issued 20,800 Restricted Common shares to Joseph Treshler, Monica McCullough and Steven McComas. These respective Options and Restricted shares were issued for services provided in the 2024 fiscal year pursuant to the Company s Compensation Plan for Outside Directors and our 2020 Stock Option Plan. The Options and Restricted Shares were issued or granted on July 31, 2024. 

Effective June 30, 2023, the Company awarded 25,432 Options to purchase Common Shares to Fred Suggs, Jr. The Company also issued 20,800 Restricted Common shares to Joseph Treshler, Monica McCullough and Steven McComas. These respective Options and Restricted shares were issued for services provided in the 2023 fiscal year pursuant to the Company s Compensation Plan for Outside Directors and our 2020 Stock Option Plan. The Options and Restricted Shares were issued or granted on July 31, 2023. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

This Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation, contains forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words may , will expect anticipate continue estimate project intend seek , hope believe and similar expressions, variations of these words or the negative of those words, and, any statement regarding possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company s and its subsidiaries business, the markets for its products, anticipated expenditures, regulatory developments or competition, or other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 regarding events, conditions and financial trends including, without limitation, business conditions in the skin and wound care market and the general economy, competitive factors, changes in product mix, production delays, manufacturing capabilities, the loss of any significant customers or suppliers, general supply chain delays, new and unanticipated governmental regulations, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s sales, operations and supply chain and other risks or uncertainties detailed in other of the Company s Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Such statements are based on management s current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Company s actual plan of operations, business strategy, operating results and financial position could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements. 

10

Our business in general is subject to certain risks including but not limited to the following: 

-we may not be able to produce or obtain, or may have to obtain at excessive prices, the raw materials and finished goods we need; 

 -the vendors on whom we rely for manufacturing certain products may go out of business, fail to meet demand or provide shipments on an untimely basis; 

 -competitive pressures may require us to lower our prices on certain products, thereby adversely affecting operational results; 

 -we may not be able to obtain, or obtain at uneconomic expense and protracted time, the regulatory approval of new products; 

 -no assurance can be given that we will remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements once clearance or approval has been obtained for a product. We must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. Possible regulatory actions could include warning letters, fines, damages, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, seizures of our products, and criminal prosecution; 

 -consumers or distributors may not favorably receive our new or existing products; 

 -we may not be able to obtain adequate financing to fund our operations or expansion; 

 -a relatively small group of products may represent a significant portion of our net revenues or net earnings from time to time; if the volume or pricing of any of these products declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations; 

 -we could experience reduced revenues and profits if Medicare or other government programs change, delay or deny reimbursement claims; 

 -we are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, the Medicaid Rebate Statute, the Veterans Health Care Act, and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices; violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans Administration health programs; violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability, and financial condition; 

 -the loss of senior management or other key personnel, or our inability to attract and retain additional senior management or other key personnel, could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan; 

 -we could become subject to new unanticipated governmental regulations or fail to comply with regulations applicable to our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations; and 

 -legislative or regulatory programs that may influence prices of medical devices could have a material adverse effect on our business; 

 -the demand for our products may decrease because of various factors, such as adverse business conditions and a sluggish U.S. economy; 

 -our product supply and related patient access to products could be negatively impacted by, among other things: (i) seizure or recalls of products or forced closings of manufacturing plants, (ii) supply chain continuity including from natural or man-made disasters at one of our facilities or at a critical supplier or vendor, as well as our failure or the failure of any of our vendors or suppliers to comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages and delays in product manufacturing, (iii) manufacturing, quality assurance/quality control, supply problems or governmental approval delays, (iv) the failure of a sole source or single source supplier to provide us with necessary raw materials, supplies or finished goods for an extended period of time, (v) the failure of a third-party manufacturer to supply us with finished product on time, (vi) construction or regulatory approval delays related to new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities (vii) the failure to meet new and emerging regulations requiring products to be tracked throughout the distribution channels using unique identifiers and (viii) other manufacturing or distribution issues including limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements; changes in the types of products produced; physical limitations or other business interruptions; 

 -we may experience an increase in the number and magnitude of delinquent or uncollectible customer accounts during periods of economic downturn. 

- 

We may be impacted by pandemics or other serious health conditions that could adversely affect our financial conditon and results of operations. 

- 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

- 

We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

-Our cost to manufacture our products could be adversly affected by rising inflation and the increase in interest rates. 

 -Our business may be adversely impacted by disruptions caused by tropical storms. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), which require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures. A summary of those significant accounting policies can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report. The estimates used by management are based upon our historical experiences combined with management s understanding of current facts and circumstances. Certain of our accounting policies are considered critical as they are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and the results of its operations and require significant or complex judgments on the part of management. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

11

Deferred Income Taxes 

Deferred income taxes are recognized for the expected tax consequences in future years for differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts, based upon exacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. The Company accounts for income taxes under Topic 740 - Income Tax in the Accounting Standards Codification. A valuation allowance is used to reduce deferred tax assets to the net amount expected to be recovered in future periods. The estimates for deferred tax assets and the corresponding valuation allowance require us to exercise complex judgments. We periodically review and adjust those estimates based upon the most current information available. Valuation allowances for periods ending June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2024, were 0 and 209,003 respectively. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 13, Revenue Recognition , which requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (3) the seller s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and, (4) collectibility is reasonably assured. We recognize revenue related to product sales upon the shipment of such orders to customers. 

Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) 

In May 2014, the FASB issued a new standard related to revenue recognition. Under the new standard, recognition of revenue occurs when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The standard became effective for the Company beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. There has been no material effect to our financial results of operations based on this standard. 

Stock Based Compensation 

Stock based compensation is accounted for in accordance with Topic 718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation in the Accounting Standards Codification. All share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are to be recognized in the statement of operations based upon their fair values and rescinds the acceptance of pro forma disclosure. 

General 

Our continuing operations and revenues consist of the operations of and revenues generated by AMERX, our wholly-owned subsidiary. AMERX skin and wound care products, marketed under the trademark AMERIGEL and containing the proprietary ingredient OAKIN , promote wound healing and healthy skin through moderately priced products for treatment of problematic skin and wound conditions. 

AMERX markets AMERIGEL , HELIX3 , AMERX wound care products and EXTREMIT-EASE compression garments to institutional customers such as hospitals, wound care clinics, skilled nursing facilities, home health agencies and to physicians and other health care practitioners. AMERIGEL and EXTREMIT-EASE products are also marketed to retail customers through direct sales, internet sales and through independent and retail chain drug stores and to physicians and other health care practitioners. 

AMERX s products are distributed to institutions and to retail stores through national, regional and local distributors as well as through direct sales and internet sales. 

12

Future Expectations 

AMERX expects to further penetrate the health care market through its participation in industry trade shows, advertisements in trade journals, development of additional distributor relationships and by opening new geographical territories (including international markets). AMERX management is trying new methods of marketing to support its multiple product lines, with multiple channels. AMERX management seeks to develop new markets as the AMERIGEL, HELIX3, AMERX and EXTREMIT-EASE product lines gain broader acceptance. AMERX management continues to seek for new products to develop in fiscal 2025. 

Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business 

The Company has not identified any issues in fiscal year 2024, that could be directly associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Fiscal 2024 and 2023 . 

During fiscal 2024 and 2023, our results of operations related solely to the operations of AMERX. Net sales during fiscal 2024 were approximately 4,984,000 as compared to approximately 4,687,000 in fiscal 2023, an increase of approximately 297,000 or 6 . The increase in sales was a result of expanding new markets offset by reductions and purchasing trends in traditional markets. AMERX believes the new market expansion will continue in fiscal 2025 with further plans to expand our traditional market channels. 

Cost of sales were approximately 1,093,000 in fiscal 2024, as compared to approximately 1,117,000 in fiscal 2023, a decrease of approximately 24,000 or 2 . Cost of sales in fiscal 2024, as a percentage of net sales, was 22 , from 24 in the previous fiscal year ending 2023. 

Gross profit increased to approximately 3,891,000 during fiscal 2023, as compared to approximately 3,570,000 during fiscal 2023, an increase of about 321,000, or 9 . As a percentage of net sales, gross profit was approximately 78 in fiscal 2024 and 76 in fiscal 2023. 

Operating expenses during fiscal 2024 were approximately 4,123,000, consisting of approximately 2,085,000 in salaries and benefits and 2,038,000 in selling, general and administrative expenses. Operating expenses in fiscal 2023 were approximately 3,667,000 and consisted of approximately 1,860,000 in salaries and benefits and approximately 1,807,000 in selling, general and administrative expenses. This represents an increase in expenses of approximately 456,000 in fiscal 2024 over the operating expenses in fiscal 2023. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses during fiscal 2024 were 83 as compared to 78 during fiscal 2023; as gross profit increased approximately 321,000 for the year on an approximately 456,000 increase in operating expenses. Salaries and Benefits increased when compared to previous year with fluctuations in personnel . Selling, General and Administrative expenses increased primarily due to increases in marketing efforts, expenses related to selling our products on the internet, and shipping expenses. 

Losses from operations finished at approximately 232,000 in 2024, as compared to losses of approximately 97,000 in fiscal 2023. Losses before income taxes finished at approximately 171,000 in 2024, as compared to losses of approximately 65,000 in 2023. Net loss (after dividend requirements for Preferred Shares) was approximately 67,000 during fiscal 2023, compared to approximately 313,000 of net loss during fiscal 2024. The Company recorded approximately 170,000 of income tax expense when determining the net loss available to common shares in fiscal 2024, compared to 15,000 income tax benefit when determining the net income available in common shares in fiscal 2023. 

13

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Historically, we have financed our operations through revenues from operations. As of June 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity included inventories of approximately 510,000, net accounts receivable of approximately 513,000, cash of approximately 326,000, and certificates of deposit of approximately 583,000. We had net working capital of approximately 1,597,000 at June 30, 2024. 

Operating activities used cash of approximately 61,000 during fiscal 2024, and provided approximately 145,000 during fiscal 2023, consisting primarily of an increase in valuation allowance of 209,000, in fiscal 2024 and a decrease in inventory, in fiscal 2023. Cash used by investing activities during fiscal 2024 was approximately 64,000 as compared to cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2023 of approximately 455,000, respectively. Cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2024 was 0 compared cash used by financing activities of 0 during fiscal 2023, respectively. 

During fiscal year 2024, we had no material cash requirements, including commitments for capital expenditures. In the 2025 fiscal year, the Company does not anticipate having any external cash needs. The Company has adequate funds to cover any planned capital expenditures. The Company also believes that it will continue to generate enough funds through its operations in the short and long term future to meet its capital needs. Although the Company plans to leave cash balances in insured bank accounts that have no risk of loss, from time to time the cash balance may exceed insured limits. 

During fiscal 2024, three holders of shares of Preferred Stock converted their shares to Common Stock. 

Commitments of Capital Expenditures 

At June 30, 2024, the Company had no commitments for capital expenditures. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we did not have any relationships or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

14

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2024, and 2023 were audited by Ferlita, Walsh, Gonzalez and Rodriguez, P.A., the Company s independent auditors, as indicated in their report included appearing at page F-1. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
			 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
			 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
			 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
			 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
			 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
			 F-6 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Management of the Company, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of the date of this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that all material information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in this report has been made known to management in a timely manner and ensuring that this information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations, because of the identification of a certain material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting which is identified below, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will, in all instances, prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. While our control systems provide a reasonable assurance level, the design of our control systems reflects the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of such controls were considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the financial reports of the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, a control can be circumvented by the individual act of some person, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management s override of a specific control. The design of any system of controls is also based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

(a) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company s internal controls system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 

15

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework, Guidance for Smaller Public Companies. Our assessment based on those criteria concludes that, as of June 30, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to a deficiency that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be a material weakness. The matter involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considers to be a material weakness under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in fiscal 2024 is inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Management believes that this material weakness did not have an adverse effect on the Company s financial results reported herein. We believe that this material weakness will be remedied with growth of the Company in the future and hiring of additional personnel. 

The Company is committed to continuous improvement of our internal control environment and financial organization. As part of this commitment, we intend to increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function through outside assistance from accounting experts and increase our segregation of duties within the company within the limits of our existing personnel. In addition, we intend to continually evaluate our policies and procedures to keep up with and expand our internal controls and quality of financial reporting within our personnel as our company grows. We expect to involve the board of directors more during the year regarding Company operations, including annual and quarterly risk assessments, strategic planning, and financial oversight and reporting. We expect to strengthen the expertise of the board by adding future members that have financial and business expertise in our industry. We intend to add additional members to the audit committee and require the audit committee members to further their understanding of applicable rules and requirements and continue their oversight responsibility of implementing necessary and effective internal control policies and procedures. We intend to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional improvements as necessary and as resources allow. 

(b) Attestation report of the independent registered public accounting firm. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K. 

(c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. The Company has eliminated all material weaknesses with the exception of the segregation of duties weakness noted above. The Company will not be able to eliminate this material weakness until such time as growth in the numbers of employees permits. As the Company grows this will be addressed. 

16

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Capacities in 
			 Director 

NAME 
			 Age 
			 
			 Which Served 
			 Since 

Regina W. Anderson 
			 77 
			 
			 Chairwoman of the Board 
			 2005 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 
			 77 
			 
			 Director 
			 1995 

James B. Anderson 
			 54 
			 
			 Director, Chief Financial Officer; Procyon 
			 2006 

Vice President - Operations, AMERX 

Health Care Corp. 

Justice W. Anderson 
			 47 
			 
			 Director, Chief Executive Officer; 
			 2006 

Procyon, President; AMERX Health 

Care Corp. 

Joseph R. Treshler 
			 71 
			 
			 Director 
			 2013 

Monica L. McCullough 
			 53 
			 
			 Director 
			 2019 

Steven McComas 
			 57 
			 
			 Director 
			 2021 

George O. Borak 
			 63 
			 
			 Vice President - Sales, AMERX Health Care Corp. 

Regina Anderson. Ms. Anderson has served as Chairwoman of the Board of Directors since September 2005, and as our Chief Executive Officer from November 2005 through December 2017. Ms. Anderson has 39 years experience in the medical field and 32 years of management experience. Ms. Anderson worked at Health South Rehabilitation Hospital for ten years as Outpatient Director, in charge of the main outpatient center plus four satellite offices. Prior to her work at HealthSouth, Regina was Vice-President of Operations at Stuffit Direct Marketing Company from 1980 through 1989. Regina received her Masters Degree from Kansas State University in 1970. 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. Mr. Suggs has served on our Board of Directors since 1995. He is a member of the Compensation committee and Chairman of the Ethics committee. He has been a practicing attorney since 1975. He is a founding member and Of Counsel in the Greenville, South Carolina office of Ogletree, Deakins, Nash, Smoak Stewart, specializing in labor and employment law. He has been certified as a specialist in labor and unemployment law by the South Carolina Supreme Court and is a frequent lecturer on labor and employment law issues. Mr. Suggs graduated from Kansas State University with a B.S. degree and he received his J.D. degree from the University of Alabama. 

James B. Anderson . Mr. Anderson, a Director since 2006, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2005. In addition, from September 22, 2005, until that position was filled by Regina Anderson on November 1, 2005, Mr. Anderson served as Interim Chief Executive Officer. On June 28, 2005, Mr. Anderson was appointed to serve as the President of Sirius Medical Supply, Inc. Since 1993, Mr. Anderson has been involved with AMERX Health Care Corporation as its Chief Information Officer until 2005, when he was appointed VP of Operations. In 1996, Mr. Anderson became involved with Procyon Corporation after its merger and has since performed the duties of Vice President of Operations. Prior to Mr. Anderson s work with the Company, he was involved with importing and exporting to Russia and Direct Mail Marketing. He received a B.S. from the University of South Florida. Mr. Anderson is the son of John C. Anderson, our late President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, the son of Regina Anderson, the Company s Chairwoman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer of Procyon, and the brother of Justice W. Anderson, our Chief Executive Officer/President of Procyon and Vice President of Marketing and the President of AMERX Health Care Corporation. 

17

Justice W. Anderson . Mr. Anderson currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer/ President for Procyon and President and V.P. of Marketing for AMERX Health Care Corporation. He has served on Procyon's Board of Directors since 2006. Mr. Anderson served as the Vice President of Sales for AMERX from January of 2001 until June of 2012 when the new V.P. of Sales was hired. Mr. Anderson has served on the Corporate Advisory Board of the American Academy of Podiatric Practice Management. Mr. Anderson joined AMERX in 2000 after receiving his B.A. degree from the University of Florida. Mr. Anderson is the son of John C. Anderson, our late President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, son of Regina Anderson, the Company's Chairwoman of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer/President of Procyon and the brother of James B. Anderson, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Joseph R. Treshler . Mr. Treshler has served on the Board of Director s since January 2013 and is a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. Mr. Treshler served for over 25 years (until June of 2018) as the Vice President of Business Management Development of Covanta Energy Corporation, responsible for Covanta s asset management, business development, project implementation, client community relations, community affairs and Clean World Initiative efforts in Florida. Mr. Treshler currently serves as President CEO of JRT Consulting Services, LLC providing consulting services to public private clients in the Waste -to-Energy Industry. Mr. Treshler earned his B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering in 1974 from Iowa State University of Science and Technology. He is a Professional Engineer registered to practice in the State of Florida. Mr. Treshler was appointed by the Company s Board of Directors to serve on the Audit Committee on January 8, 2013 and to serve on the Ethics Committee on June 7, 2013. 

Monica L. McCullough . Ms. McCullough serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Ms. McCullough has 26 years of accounting experience in various capacities. Her experience includes the management of several accounting functions, implementation and maintenance of Sarbanes-Oxley policies and procedures, SEC reporting, coordination of quarterly and annual audits, as well as implementing and maintaining accounting systems. She has spent the last 8 years as Facility Controller in the waste to energy industry. Ms. McCullough graduated from the University of South Florida with a B.S. degree in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Steven McComas . Mr. McComas was appointed to the Board of Directors by a unanimous vote of the Board on July 17, 2021. He was also appointed to serve on the Ethics Committee. Mr. McComas is a graduate in Economics from the University of Florida. He also received a MBA from Mercer University and a Master of Public Administration from Jacksonville State University. Mr. McComas brings to the Company s Board significant experience acting as an executive officer of several companies. Mr. McComas is an executive with thirty years of global experience in a variety of financial management, business leadership and corporate strategy. Currently, Mr. McComas is the Chief Executive Officer for Responsive Technology Partners, Inc. a managed information technology consulting and services firm operating throughout the Southeastern United States with offices in Metter, Vidalia, Atlanta, Athens, and Milledgeville Georgia, Raleigh, North Carolina and Tampa, Florida. Under Mr. McComas leadership, Responsive Technology Partners, Inc. has quickly grown to a ranking by Inc. Magazines 5000 as the 630 fastest-growing private companies in America in 2020. Mr. McComas also serves as the Chief Financial Officer for Pineland Telephone Cooperative, Inc., a rural telephone, and broadband cooperative based in Metter, Georgia and is responsible for all the company s financial functions. Before Pineland, Mr. McComas had served as a Vice President of Finance for an operating subsidiary of the world s largest publicly traded Thailand-based company engaged in the manufacturing and exporting of pet foods in the world. He was also the North American Director of Indirect Purchasing for a publicly traded world leader in outdoor power products for forestry, lawn and garden care headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden. Mr. McComas also was the Chief Financial Officer in commercial banking and private equity. 

18

George O. Borak. G eorge O. Borak Mr. Borak joined AMERX Health Care as Vice President of Sales in June of 2012. Mr. Borak has 35 years of experience in the medical field and 24 years in sales management. Most recently, he was Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Darco International where his duties included managing Sales, Marketing, Customer Service, OEM and International Sales. Prior to that he was in sales and sales management for several orthopedic companies. Mr. Borak earned his Bachelors of Science degree in Marketing Management from Youngstown State University in 1983, while working as a clinician in the Emergency and Orthopedic Departments of a local hospital. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Under the securities laws of the United States, our directors, executive officers, and any persons holding more than ten percent of our Common Stock are required to report their initial ownership of the Company s Common Stock and any subsequent changes in that ownership to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Company. Specific due dates for these reports have been established and we are required to disclose any failure to file, or late filing, of such reports. Based solely on our review of the reports and amendments thereto furnished to the Company and written representations that all reports that were required to be filed in fiscal 2024, our officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than ten percent of its Common Stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

Committees of the Board 

The Board of Directors has delegated certain of its authority to an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and an Ethics Committee. 

The Compensation Committee is composed of Messrs. Suggs (Chairman) and Treshler. No member of the Compensation Committee is a former or current officer or employee of the Company. The primary function of the Compensation Committee is to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the compensation, including bonuses, of the Company's officers and to administer the Company s Option Plan. The Board of Directors adopted a Compensation Committee Charter during the 2008 fiscal year. The charter for the compensation committee may be viewed on the company website www.procyoncorp.com). 

The Company formed an Audit Committee in July 2004. In January 2013, the Board appointed Joseph R. Treshler as director and a member of the Audit Committee. In November 2019, the Board appointed Monica L. McCullough Audit Committee member and Chair. The Board believes that Ms. McCullough and Mr. Treshler are independent pursuant to The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. NASDAQ rules and both Ms. McCullough and Treshler also meet the requirements of an audit committee financial expert. In addition, we have determined that Ms. McCullouh and Mr. Treshler are also independent within the meaning of SEC Rule 10A-3(b)(1). The function of the Audit Committee is to review and approve the scope of audit procedures employed and to review and approve the audit reports rendered by the Company's independent auditors and to approve the audit fees charged by the independent auditors. In addition, pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules promulgated thereunder, the Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, pre-approving all audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditors, approving the engagement of the auditors and receiving certain reports from the independent auditors prior to the filing of the audit report. The Audit Committee reports to the Board of Directors with respect to such matters and recommends the selection of independent auditors. The Audit Committee adopted a charter in October 2006, which may be viewed on the Company website (www.procyoncorp.com). 

19

The Company also formed an Ethics Committee of the board members in 2004. The members are Messrs. Suggs (Chairman) and McComas. The charter for the ethics committee may be viewed on the company website www.procyoncorp.com). The function of the Ethics Committee is to oversee officers, directors and employees in conducting business on behalf of the Company in an honest and ethical manner. The Ethics Committee is responsible for monitoring and reporting any possible violations of the Code of Ethics to the Board of Directors. 

The Company does not have a Nominating Committee. However, the entire board of directors, which is comprised of a majority of independent directors, performs the function of a nominating committee. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

In fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors held four formal meetings. A majority of directors attended each meeting in person or by telephone. The Compensation Committee held four meetings during fiscal 2024. The Audit Committee held two meetings during fiscal 2024. The Ethics Committee held no meetings during fiscal 2024. 

Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. The Code of Ethics applies to all senior financial officers of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer and any other person performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics may be viewed on our website, at www.procyoncorp.com . 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table . The following table sets forth compensation information for the two fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the President and Vice President of Sales of our subsidiary, AMERX Health Care Corp. (the Named Executive Officers ). Elements of compensation for our Named Executive Officers include salary, discretionary cash bonuses, stock option awards and other prerequisites and benefits. We do not have a pension plan and do not offer non-qualified deferred compensation arrangements. 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary( 

Bonus( 

Option 

			 Awards 

			 ) 

All Other 

			 Compensation 

			 ) 

Total( 

Justice W. Anderson, 

2024 

276,423 

14,952 

0 

0 

291,375 

President (AMERX 

			 CEO President (Procyon) 

2023 

285,212 

4,898 

0 

0 

290,110 

James B. Anderson, 

2024 

205,128 

10,276 

0 

0 

215,404 

Chief Financial Officer, Vice Pres. of 

			 Operations (AMERX 

2023 

207,750 

4,254 

0 

0 

212,004 

George O Borak, 

2024 

197,379 

9,029 

0 

0 

206,408 

Vice Pres. Of Sales (AMERX 

2023 

203,970 

2,990 

0 

0 

206,960 

20

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Named Executive Officer's Employment Contracts 

Justice W. Anderson's Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement, which is effective July 1, 2024, provides for a base annual salary of 297,510 and other benefits, including certain incentive bonus compensation based upon Amerx achieving certain financial goals for sales and net profit and at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Mr. Anderson's Agreement calls for a term of one year, but may be terminated by either party, with or without cause, upon thirty day's written notice. 

James B. Anderson's Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement, which is effective July 1, 2024, provides for a base annual salary of 216,707 and other benefits, including short-term and long-term incentive bonus compensation based upon Amerx achieving certain operational and financial goals and at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Mr. Anderson's Agreement calls for a term of one year, but may be terminated by either party, with or without cause, upon thirty day's written notice. 

George Borak's Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement, which is effective July 1, 2024, provides for a base annual salary of 216,707 and other benefits, including certain incentive bonus compensation based upon Amerx achieving certain financial goals for sales and net profit and at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Mr. Borak's Agreement calls for a term of one year, but may be terminated by either party, with or without cause, upon thirty day's written notice. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

An Agreement to grant 40,000 Options to purchase common stock was executed and delivered to Justice Anderson, pursuant to his executive employment agreement, on September 27, 2016, but with a grant date of June 30, 2016. 

An Agreement to grant 25,000 Options to purchase common stock was executed and delivered to Justice Anderson, pursuant to his executive employment agreement, on August 23, 2017, but with a grant date of June 30, 2017. 

21

An Agreement to grant 25,000 options to purchase common stock was executed and delivered to Justice Anderson, pursuant to his Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2020 on September 24, 2021, but was granted and effective on June 30, 2021. 

An Agreement to grant 25,000 options to purchase common stock was executed and delivered to James Anderson, pursuant to his Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2020 on September 24, 2021, but was granted and effective on June 30, 2021. 

The Company granted 25,432 non-qualified stock options to Fred Suggs, Board of Directors member, for services provided for fiscal year end 2023. The Company granted 12,848 non-qualified stock options to Fred Suggs, Board of Directors member, for services provided for fiscal year end 2024. 

Compensation of Directors 

No employee of the Company receives any additional compensation for his services as a director. Non-employee directors receive compensation for his/her service. This compensation is based on meetings attended and committees chaired and is paid in common stock options, restricted common shares or cash pursuant to our Compensation Plan for Outside Directors. The Board of Directors has authorized payment of reasonable travel or other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by non-management directors in attending meetings of the Board of Directors. 

Stock Option Plan 

The Company maintains the Procyon Corporation 2009 Stock Option Plan for Option grants prior to the Plan s expiration in December 2019. Our shareholders approved the Procyon Corporation 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2020 Option Plan in November 2020. 

The Procyon Corporation 2009 Stock Option Plan (the "2009 Option Plan") was approved by our shareholders on December 8, 2009. Pursuant to the terms of the 2009 Option Plan, the plan expired on December 8, 2019. 

No further options or other awards may be granted under the 2009 Option Plan. 

As of June 30, 2024, 65,000 Options to purchase common stock have been awarded to Justice Anderson under the 2009 Option Plan, pursuant to the terms of his employment agreements, effective October 1, 2015 and July 1, 2016, respectively. These options expire on October 1, 2025 and July 1, 2026, respectively. The 1,000,000 shares of common stock that have been reserved for the 2009 Option Plan (250,000 recently issued for Non-Qualified Stock Options) have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933. We have no present plans to register such shares. 

On September 22, 2020, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee approved a new Procyon Corporation 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "2020 Option Plan"), and recommended that the shareholders approve the plan in the annual meeting of shareholders in November, 2020. The plan was approved during the Annual meeting in November, 2020. 

The purpose of the 2020 Option Plan is to advance the interests of the Company s stockholders by enhancing the Company s ability to attract and retain employees (including officers), directors and independent contractors of the Company, and to furnish additional incentives to such persons to enhance the value of the Company over the long term by encouraging them to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. Employees, Consultants and Directors of the Company are eligible to be granted Awards under the 2020 Option Plan, subject to the limitations described in the Plan. 

22

The 2020 Option Plan is to be administered by the Compensation Committee (the Administrator ). 

The 2020 Option Plan provides for the granting of Incentive Stock Options, meeting the requirements of 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), Non-Qualified Stock Options, which do not qualify as Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights SARs ), Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or Other Stock-Based Awards (together, an Award ). An SAR is an Award entitling the recipient to receive shares of Common Stock having a value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right multiplied by the number of shares of Stock with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator equal to the value thereof as of such payment date, which right may be subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. Other Stock-Based Awards means other Awards of Shares, and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property. 

The Board of Directors has authorized the issuance of 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock to underlie the granting of Awards under the 2020 Option Plan. The 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock that have been reserved for the 2020 Option Plan have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933. We have no present plans to register such shares. 

Effective June 30, 2021, the Company granted 25,000 non-qualified stock options to Justice W. Anderson and 25,000 non-qualified stock options to James B. Anderson for exceeding certain performance standards in fiscal 2021, pursuant to the terms of their respective Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreements dated July 1, 2020. Each of the options were dated September 24, 2021, but were granted and effective as of June 30, 2021 for a ten year term and have an exercise price of .373 per share. 

Incentive Stock Options may only be granted to employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries and shall be subject to and shall be construed consistently with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Incentive Stock Options can be granted for a term not exceeding ten years, except for Ten Percent Owners of our Common Stock, for whom the maximum option term is five years. Incentive Stock Options are granted with an exercise price of not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant. However, for Ten Percent Owners, the exercise price must be 110 of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Stock on the date of grant. Further, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the shares of Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company or its parent and subsidiary corporations become exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year shall not exceed 

 100,000. 

Non-Qualified Stock Options are Options that is not intended to be or otherwise do not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. Non-Qualified Stock Options shall be granted and have a term of not more than ten years from the date of grant. The exercise price must be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant. Non-Qualified Stock Option can be awarded to employees, officers, directors or consultants. 

23

Outside directors McCullough, Treshler, McComas and Suggs were issued 7,200, 8,000 and 5,600 restricted common shares and 25,432 Options to purchase common shares, respectively, for their service as directors and committee chairs during Fiscal 2023. The shares and options were issued and awarded on July 31, 2023. The value of the shares and options issued was 10,721. 

Outside directors McCullough, Treshler, McComas and Suggs were issued 7,200, 8,000 and 5,600 restricted common shares and 12,848 Options to purchase common shares, respectively, for their service as directors and committee chairs during Fiscal 2024. The shares and options were issued and awarded on July 31, 2024. The value of the shares and options issued was 7,705. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS, MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of October 21, 2024 by (i) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each director or director nominee, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. Each person has sole voting and sole investment or dispositive power with respect to the shares shown except as noted. As to the Company's preferred stock, as of October 21, 2024 no officer or director of the company owned any preferred shares. In addition, no individual shareholder beneficially owned more than 5 of the Company's preferred shares. 

Common Shareholdings on October 21, 2024 

Number of 

Percent of 

Name and Address 
			 
			 (4) 

Shares 

Class ) 

Justice W. Anderson 

3,515,500 

42.9 

George O. Borak 

100,092 

1.2 

Fred W. Suggs 
			 
			 (1)(3) 

163,280 

2.0 

James B. Anderson 

106,000 

1.3 

Regina W. Anderson 

78,060 

1.0 

Joseph R. Treshler 
			 
			 (1) (2) 

33,000 

Monica L. McCullough 
			 
			 (2) 

14,400 

Steven McComas 
			 
			 (3) 

11,200 

All directors and officers as a group (eight persons) 

4,010,332 

48.9 

Speer Foundation, 2535 Success Dr., Odessa, FL 33556 

1,380,000 

16.8 

Less than 1 

(1) 

Member of the Compensation Committee. 

(2) 

Member of the Audit Committee. 

(3) 

Member of the Ethics Committee. 

(4) 

Except as noted above, the address for all persons listed is 164 Douglas RD E, Oldsmar, Florida 34677 

(5) 

Mr. Anderson beneficially owns 3,350,500 shares of common stock as Trustee of the John C. Anderson Trust in accordance with Mr. Anderson's will. He also owns of record 75,000 shares of common stock and options to purchase 90,000 shares of Common Stock. 

(6) 

Includes 10,000 shares in joint name with his wife and options to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock. 

(7) 

Includes options to purchase 38,280 shares of common stock. 

24

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Other than transactions described below, since July 1, 2023, there has not been, nor is there currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a party: 

 in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000; and, 

 in which any director, nominee for director, executive officer, shareholder which beneficially owns five percent or more of our common stock or any member of their immediate family members, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Justice W. Anderson, our Chief Executive Officer, personally guaranteed a new 250,000 line of credit on behalf of the Company of which 0 was drawn out as of June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 

Director Independence 

We have determined that the following directors are independent within applicable NASDAQ rules: Ms.McCullough and Messrs. Suggs, Treshler and McComas. Regina, James and Justice Anderson are not independent as they are executive officers of the Company and its subsidiaries. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is composed of a majority of independent directors. Our Compensation Committee, Audit Committee and Ethics Committee are each composed entirely of independent directors pursuant to applicable NASDAQ rules. In addition, Ms. McCullough and Mr. Treshler, also meet the definition of independence under SEC Rule 10A-3. 

25

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees. In fiscal 2024, the Company paid to its independent accountants 72,750 in fees related directly to the audit and review of the Company s financial statements. In fiscal 2023, the Company paid to its independent accountants 65,500 in fees related directly to the audit and review of the Company s financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees. The Company s independent accountants performed no other audit-related services for the Company during fiscal 2024 and 2023, other than the audit services described above. 

Tax Fees: In fiscal 2024, the Company paid to its independent accountants 2,500 in fees related directly to tax preparations. In fiscal 2023, the Company paid to its independent accountants 2,500 in fees related directly to tax preparations. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) Exhibits 

1. The financial statements filed herewith are listed in the Index to Financial Statements included in Item 7. 

Exhibit No. 

Document 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation 

+ 

3.1.1 

Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 

3.2 

Bylaws 

+ 

4.1 

Designation of Series A Preferred Stock 

10.1 

Procyon Corporation 2009 Stock Option Plan 

/ 

10.2 

Procyon Corporation 2020 Stock Option Plan 

# 

10.5 

Business Line of Credit - Loan Agreement dated June 10, 2021. 

# 

10.6 

Business Line of Credit - Promissory Note dated June 10, 2021. 

10.7 

Lease agreement and Amended Lease Agreement, effective February 1, 2018. 

10.8 
			 
			 Lease agreement and Amended Lease Agreement, effective February 1, 2018. 

x 

10.9 

Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2024 - Justice W. Anderson 

x 

10.10 

Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2024 - James B. Anderson 

x 

10.11 

Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2024 - George Borak 

++ 

14.1 

Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. 

x 

31.1 

Certification of Justice W. Anderson pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

x 

31.2 

Certification of James B. Anderson pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

x 

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

101.1 

The following materials from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (I) the Condensed Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statement 

104 
			 
			 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, S.E.C. File No.33-13273. 

+ 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1995. 

++ 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Schedule 14A filed on or about October 15, 2004. 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on or about March 14, 2018. 

x 

Filed herewith. 

/ 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Schedule 14A filed on or about October 9, 2020. 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Schedule 14A filed on or about November 9, 2009. 

## 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on or about March 14, 2018 

Furnished, not filed 

# 

Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-K filed on or about October 8, 2021. 

26

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 

PROCYON CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Justice W. Anderson 

			 Justice W. Anderson, 

			 Chief Executive Officer/President 

Date: October 25, 2024 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 

Signature 
			 Title 
			 Date 

/s/ Regina W. Anderson 
			 Chairwoman of the Board 
			 October 25, 2024 

Regina W. Anderson 

/s/ James B. Anderson 
			 Chief Financial Officer, 
			 October 25, 2024 

James B. Anderson 
			 President (Sirius) and Director 

/s/ Justice W. Anderson 
			 President (AMERX) and Director, 
			 October 25, 2024 

Justice W. Anderson 
			 Chief Executive Officer and 

President(Procyon) 

/s/ Monica L. McCullough 
			 Director 
			 October 25, 2024 

Monica L. McCullough 

/s/ Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 
			 Director 
			 October 25, 2024 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

/s/ Joseph R. Treshler 
			 Director 
			 October 25, 2024 

Joseph R. Treshler 

/s/ Steven McComas 
			 Director 
			 October 25, 2024 

Steven McComas 

27

Exhibit No. 

Document 
			 
			 Item No. 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation 
			 
			 3 

+ 

3.1.1 

Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
			 
			 3 

3.2 

Bylaws 
			 
			 3 

+ 

4.1 

Designation of Series A Preferred Stock 
			 
			 4 

10.1 

Procyon Corporation 2009 Stock Option Plan 

/ 

10.2 

Procyon Corporation 2020 Stock Option Plan 

# 

10.5 

Business Line of Credit - Loan Agreement dated June 10, 2021. 

# 

10.6 

Business Line of Credit - Promissory Note dated June 10, 2021. 

10.7 

Lease agreement and Amended Lease Agreement, effective February 1, 2018. 

10.8 
			 
			 Lease agreement and Amended Lease Agreement, effective February 1, 2018. 

x 

10.9 

Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2024 - Justice W. Anderson 

x 

10.10 

Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2024 - James B. Anderson 

x 

10.11 

Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2024 - George Borak 

++ 

14.1 

Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. 

x 

31.1 

Certification of Justice W. Anderson pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
			 
			 31 

x 

31.2 

Certification of James B. Anderson pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
			 
			 31 

x 

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
			 
			 32 

101.1 

The following materials from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (I) the Condensed Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statement 

104 
			 
			 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, S.E.C. File No.33-13273. 

+ 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1995. 

++ 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Schedule 14A filed on or about October 15, 2004. 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on or about March 14, 2018. 

x 

Filed herewith. 

/ 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Schedule 14A filed on or about October 9, 2020. 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Schedule 14A filed on or about November 9, 2009. 

## 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on or about March 14, 2018 

Furnished, not filed 

# 
			 Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-K filed on or about October 8, 2021. 

28

PROCYON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM: Ferlita, Walsh, Gonzalez Rodriguez, P.A., Firm ID , Tampa, FL 
			 F-1 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
			 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
			 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
			 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
			 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
			 F-6 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Procyon Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 Oldsmar, Florida 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Procyon Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2024 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: 1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998. 

October 23, 2024 

F-1

PROCYON CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 June 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 

2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Certificates of Deposit, plus accrued interest 

Accounts Receivable, less allowance for expected credit losses of and respectively 

Inventories 

Prepaid Expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

OTHER ASSETS 

Deposits 

Inventories 

Intangible Asset 

ROU Assets - Operating Leases 

Deferred Tax Asset, Net of Valuation Allowance 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Short Term Lease Liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Long Term Lease Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability, net of valuation allowance of 

TOTAL LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE G) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred Stock, shares authorized, none issued. 

Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, no par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common Stock, no par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-2

PROCYON CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 

2023 

NET SALES 

COST OF SALES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and Benefits 

Selling, General and Administrative 

INCOME / (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME 

(Loss) on Disposal of Assets 

Other Income / Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 

Rental Income 

Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

INCOME / (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX (EXPENSE) / BENEFIT 

NET INCOME / (LOSS) 

Dividend requirements on preferred stock 

Basic net income / (loss) available to common shares 

Basic net income / (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Diluted net income / (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3

PROCYON CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 For the Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Total 

Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2024 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equtiy 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Stock Based Compensation 

Preferred Stock Converted to Common 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Preferred Stock Converted to Common 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Total 

Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2023 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equtiy 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, September 30, 2022 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Net Income (Loss) 

- 

- 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4

PROCYON CORPORATION SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 

2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Income / (Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 

Right of Use Asset Amortization 

Accrued Interest on Certificate of Deposit 

Deferred Income Taxes 

Valuation Allowance 

(Gain)/Loss on Sale of Assets 

Decrease (increase) in: 

Accounts Receivable 

Deposits 

Inventory 

Prepaid Expenses 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Interest Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Payment on Operating Lease Liability 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of Certificate of Deposit 

Redemption of Certificate of Deposit 

Purchase of Property Equipment 

Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 

CASH AT END OF THE YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Interest Paid 

Taxes Paid 

NONCASH TRANSACTION DISCLOSURES 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, shares of Series A Cumlative Convertible Preferred stock converted in the amount of . 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, of accrued expenses were settled for issuance of equity. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and respectively. 

days. AMERX has a written return policy with its customers. Each return request is reviewed by management for approval. Sales to physicians are at contracted rates and standard payment term is 2/10 net days. 

The valuation of accounts receivable is based upon the credit-worthiness of customers as well as historical collection experience. Estimating the credit worthiness of customers and recoverability of customer accounts requires us to exercise considerable judgment. Allowances for doubtful accounts are recorded as a selling, general and administrative expense for estimated amounts expected to be uncollectible from third-party payers and customers. The Company bases its estimates on its historical collection and write-off experience, current trends, credit policy, and on analysis of accounts receivable by aging category. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, allowance for expected credit losses was approximately and , or less than of gross accounts receivable. 

as of June 30, 2024. We had a valuation allowance of as of June 30, 2023. 

and for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and were included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

and , of advertising and marketing costs were included in selling, general and administrative expenses for each respective year. 

shares of common stock to underlie the granting of incentive stock options and shares of common stock to underlie the granting of non-qualified stock options and SARs under the 2009 Option Plan. The Board issued shares of common stock to underlie Non-Qualified Stock Options, on September 27, 2016, effective June 30, 2016. However, Options to purchase common stock were awarded to Justice Anderson pursuant to his employment agreement effective July 1, 2016 and Options to purchase common stock were awarded to Justice Anderson pursuant to his employment agreement effective July 1, 2017. These Options will expire ten years after their respective grant dates. As of June 30, 2021, no other stock options or other awards have been granted under the 2009 Option Plan. The shares of common stock that have been reserved for the 2009 Option Plan (250,000 recently issued for Non-Qualified Stock Options) have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

Eligible participants under the 2009 Option Plan must be such full or part-time officers and other employees, non-employee directors and key persons (including consultants and prospective employees) of the Company and its Subsidiaries as are selected from time to time by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. Only employees may receive incentive stock options. Employees, non-employee directors and consultants may receive non-qualified stock options or SARs. 

Non-Qualified Stock Options granted under the 2009 Option Plan many have a term of not more than ten years from the date of grant. The exercise price must be not less than of the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Incentive Stock Options can be granted under the 2009 Option Plan for a term not exceeding ten years, except for Ten Percent Owners of our common stock, as defined in the Plan, for whom the maximum option term is five years. Incentive Stock Options are granted with an exercise price of not less than of the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. However, for Incentive Stock Options owned by Ten Percent Owners, the exercise price must be of the Fair Market Value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. 

The 2020 Option Plan provides for the granting of Incentive Stock Options, meeting the requirements of 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), Non-Qualified Stock Options, which do not qualify as Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights SARs ), Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or Other Stock-Based Awards (together, an Award ). An SAR is an Award entitling the recipient to receive shares of Common Stock having a value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right multiplied by the number of shares of Stock with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator equal to the value thereof as of such payment date, which right may be subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. Other Stock-Based Awards means other Awards of Shares, and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property. 

The Board of Directors has authorized the issuance of shares of Common Stock to underlie the granting of Awards under the 2020 Option Plan. The 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock that have been reserved for the 2020 Option Plan have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933. We have no present plans to register such shares. Incentive Stock Options may only be granted to employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries and shall be subject to and shall be construed consistently with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Incentive Stock Options can be granted for a term not exceeding ten years, except for Ten Percent Owners of our Common Stock, for whom the maximum option term is five years. Incentive Stock Options are granted with an exercise price of not less than of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant. However, for Ten Percent Owners, the exercise price must be of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Stock on the date of grant. Further, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the shares of Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company or its parent and subsidiary corporations become exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year shall not exceed . 

Non-Qualified Stock Options are Options that is not intended to be or otherwise do not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. Non-Qualified Stock Options shall be granted and have a term of not more than ten years from the date of grant. The exercise price must be not less than of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant. Non-Qualified Stock Option can be awarded to employees, officers, directors or consultants. 

Effective June 30, 2021, the Company granted non-qualified stock options to Justice W. Anderson and non-qualified stock options to James B. Anderson for exceeding certain performance standards in fiscal 2021, pursuant to the terms of their respective Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreements dated July 1, 2020. Each of the options were dated September 24, 2021, but were granted and effective as of June 30, 2021 for a ten year term and have an exercise price of .373 per share. 

The fair value of a stock option is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which values options based on the stock price at the grant date, the expected life of the option, the estimated volatility of the stock, the expected dividend payments, and the risk-free interest rate over the life of the option. 

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Because option valuation models require the use of subjective assumptions, changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value of the options. Our options do not have the characteristics of traded options, therefore, the option valuation models do not necessarily provide a reliable measure of the fair value of our options. 

Agreements to grant and Options to purchase common stock were executed and delivered to Justice Anderson, pursuant to his executive employment agreements, on September 27, 2016 and August 23, 2017, respectively, but with grant dates of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2017, respectively. Equity instruments issued to non-employees in exchange for goods, fees and services are accounted for under the fair value-based method of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation Topic 718"). 

Effective as of June 30, 2021, the Company granted non-qualified stock options to Justice W. Anderson and non-qualified stock options to James B. Anderson for exceeding certain performance standards in fiscal 2021, pursuant to the terms of their respective Restated and Amended Executive Employment Agreements dated July 1, 2020. Each of the options were granted on June 30, 2021 with a ten year term and have an exercise price of .373 per option. 

The Company granted non-qualified stock options to Fred Suggs, Board of Directors member, for services provided for fiscal year end 2023. The Company granted non-qualified stock options to Fred Suggs, Board of Directors member, for services provided for fiscal year end 2024. 

Additional information with respect to stock option activity is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at June 30, 2024 

Options exercisable at June 30, 2023 

Options exercisable at June 30, 2024 

Raw Materials 

At June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and of our inventory was considered non-current as it will not be used within a one year period. 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

Production Equipment 

Building 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense was for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Software 

Leasehold Improvements 

Production Equipment 

Building 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense was for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

. The Company has determined that this asset has an indefinite useful life and therefore is not being amortized, but instead will be tested for impairment at least annually in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. 

Accrued Paid Time Off 

Accrued Professional Fees 

Accrued Incentive Plan 

Accrued Lease Liability 

Other 

Total 

as well. Terms of the Line of credit include and an interest rate that fluctuates at prime plus a half of point, interest only. The line of credit matures on June 30, 2025. This line of credit, renews annually until either party decides otherwise. At June 30, 2024, the Company owed on the line of credit. 

Interest expense for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

The line of credit is guaranteed by Justice W. Anderson, President and Chief Executive Officer. 

2026 

shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. The preferred stockholders are entitled to receive, if declared by the board of directors, quarterly dividends at an annual rate of .10 per share of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock per annum. Dividends accrue without interest and are cumulative from the date of issuance of the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and are payable quarterly in arrears in cash or publicly traded common stock when and if declared by the board of directors. As of June 30, 2024, no dividends have been declared. Dividends in arrears on the outstanding preferred shares total or approximately per share as of June 30, 2024. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company is prohibited from declaring dividends or other distributions related to its Common Stock or purchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring any of the Common Stock. 

The preferred stockholders have the right to convert each share of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock into one share of the Company's common stock at any time without additional consideration. Each share of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock is subject to mandatory conversion into one share of common stock of the Company, effective as of the close of a public offering of the Company's common stock provided, however, that the offering must provide a minimum of million in gross proceeds to the Company and the initial offering price of such common stock must be at least per share. In addition to the rights described above, the holders of the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock have voting rights equal to the common stockholders based upon the number of shares of common stock into which the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible. The Company is obligated to reserve an adequate number of shares of its common stock to satisfy the conversion of all of the outstanding Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred stock. 

Share-based compensation expense recognized during the period is based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest. As share-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it can be reduced for estimated forfeitures. The ASC topic Stock Compensation requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The share based compensation accrued and charged against income for the periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 was and respectively. 

Adjustment for basic earnings per share: 

Dividend requirements on preferred stock 

Numerator for basic earnings per share-Net income available to common stockholders 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Numerator for diluted earnings per share-Net income available to common stockholder 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per share-Weighted-average common shares 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

			 Stock options 

Weighted-average Dilutive potential common shares 

Denominator for dilutive earnings per share-Adjusted weighted-average shares and assumed conversions 

Basic Net Income per share 

Diluted Net Income per share 

. NOL arising before December 31, 2020 will expire in various years ending through the year 2035 and for losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, the deduction is limited to 80 of taxable income and can be carried forward indefinitely. The utilization of certain loss carryforwards are limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The components of the provision for income taxes expenses are attributable to continuing operations as follows: 

State 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of the temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Share based payments 

Lease Liabilities - operating leases 

Accrued compensated absences 

Accrued bonus 

Other 

Deferred tax (liabilities): 

Right of use assets - operating leases 

Excess of tax over book depreciation 

Total deferred tax (liabilities) 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The change in the valuation allowance is as follows: 

June 30, 2023 

June 30, 2024 

Income taxes for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 differ from the amounts computed by applying the effective income tax rates of to income before income taxes as a result of the following: 

State income tax net of federal benefit (provision) 

Nondeductible expense 

Change in estimates of losses carryforward 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

The earliest tax year still subject to examination by taxing jurisdictions is fiscal year June 30, 2021. 

The Company performed a review of its uncertain tax positions in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740-10 "Uncertainty in Income Taxes". In this regard, an uncertain tax position represents the Company's expected treatment of a tax position taken in a filed tax return, or planned to be taken in a future tax return, that has not been reflected in measuring income tax expense for financial reporting purposes. 

and during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, towards research and development efforts. These efforts were directed towards additional studies aimed at expanding existing markets, correcting issues with FDA compliance and manufacturing. 

months. The lease renews on a month-to-month basis and contains an option to purchase the equipment at fair market value or return the equipment. Historically, the Company has not exercised the option to purchase at the end of the initial lease term for similar leases and simply returned the equipment at the end of the initial lease term. Initial rent amount was per month. In applying ASC 842, the Company uses a lease term of 63 months and an incremental borrowing rate of which was the borrowing rate on the Company s line of credit with a financial institution. 

In January 2021, the Company entered in a lease agreement to lease warehouse space with a lease term of months. The Company pays no rent for the first four months of the lease and pays per month beginning the 5th month of the lease. Rent will increase each succeeding year by no less than but not more than . The rent amount includes common area maintenance charges which are considered nonlease components. In applying ASC 842, the Company is electing to account for nonlease components as being related to the lease component. In addition, the Company uses a lease term of 64 months and an incremental borrowing rate at prime rate of which was the borrowing rate on the Company s recent line of credit with a financial institution. 

In January 2021, the Company entered in a lease agreement to lease office space with a lease term of months. The Company pays no rent for the first four months of the lease and pays per month beginning the 5th month of the lease. Rent will increase each succeeding year by no less than but not more than . The rent amount includes common area maintenance charges which are considered nonlease components. In applying ASC 842, the Company is electing to account for nonlease components as being related to the lease component. The Company also incurred initial direct cost of related to existing improvements in the leased space. This initial direct cost has been included in determining the initial ROU asset and liability amounts. In addition, the Company uses a lease term of 64 months and an incremental borrowing rate at prime rate of which was the borrowing rate on the Company s recent line of credit with a financial institution. 

In May 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement to lease certain office equipment with a lease term of months. The lease expires at the end of the lease term and the Company can simply return the equipment at the end of the initial lease term or upgrade the equipment during or at the end of the current lease term. Initial rent amount was per month. In applying ASC 842, the Company uses a lease term of 39 months and an incremental borrowing rate of which was the borrowing rate on the Company s line of credit with a financial institution. 

The following is information related to the Company s right-of-use assets and liabilities for its operating leases: 

Amortization of ROU assets since lease inception 

ROU assets - operating leases at June 30, 2022 

Lease liabilities - operating leases on adoption date 

Payments on lease liabilities 

Lease liabilities - operating leases on June 30, 2023 

Lease liabilities - operating leases due in the 12 months ending June 30, 2024 

Lease liabilities - operating leases due after June 30, 2024 

Variable lease expense was and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Weighted average remaining lease term was years and weighted average discount rate was at June 30, 2024. 

 Sublease to a Third Party 

The Company entered into a lease agreement with an unrelated party to sublease a portion of the warehouse space that it is leasing from its landlord. The contract conveys the right to control the use of the specified area of the warehouse for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Therefore, the sublease meets the definition of a lease pursuant to ASC 842. The Company classifies the sublease as an operating lease because it does not transfer ownership at the end of the lease term. The sublease is for a term of twelve months and it contains a renewal option of which the sublessee is not reasonably certain to exercise. The Company received sublease income of and during the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The following is the amount of sublease income the Company will receive over the next five years: 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 ex_737073.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

ex_737013.htm 

Exhibit 10.9 
 RESTATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This RE-STATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), is effective July 1, 2024, by and between AMERX Health Care Corporation, a Florida corporation ("AMERX"), Procyon Corporation, a Colorado corporation ("Procyon") and Justice W. Anderson (the "Executive"). 

WHEREAS, AMERX has, prior to the date of this Agreement, employed the Executive as its President; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is employed by Procyon as its Chief Executive Officer; and 

WHEREAS, Procyon, the parent corporation of AMERX, has agreed to provide some of the benefits to Executive under this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, Procyon and AMERX desire to continue to employ the Executive on a full-time basis, and the Executive desires to be so employed by Procyon and AMERX, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 EMPLOYMENT DUTIES AND BENEFITS 

Section 1.1 Employment. Procyon Corporation and AMERX Health Care Corporation, the subsidiary of Procyon, hereby employs the Executive in the position described on Schedule 1 hereto as an executive officer of Procyon and AMERX, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Executive accepts such employment and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities assigned to him pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 1.2 Duties and Responsibilities. The Executive shall hold (the) positions with Procyon and AMERX which are specified on Schedule 1, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. The Executive is employed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and agrees to devote full-time to the business of Procyon and AMERX. The Executive shall perform the duties set forth on Schedule 1 while employed as an executive officer, and such further duties as may be determined and assigned to him from time-to-time by the Board of Directors of Procyon Corporation, the parent corporation of AMERX ("Procyon"). 

Section 1.3 Working Facilities. The Executive shall be furnished with facilities and services suitable to the position and adequate for the performance of the Executive's duties under this Agreement. The Executive's duties shall be rendered at AMERX offices, or at such other place or places as the Executive may designate with AMERX approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

Section 1.4 Vacations. The Executive shall be entitled each year to a reasonable vacation of not less than four weeks in accordance with the established practices of Procyon now or hereafter in effect for executive personnel, during which time the Executive's compensation shall be paid in full. Should AMERX from time-to-time require the Executive to perform job duties during vacation periods, the Executive shall be entitled to compensatory vacation time at a mutually agreeable time. 

Section 1.5 Expenses. The Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses for promoting the domestic and international business of Procyon/ AMERX in all respects, including expenses for entertainment, travel and similar items. Procyon/ AMERX will reimburse the Executive for all such expenses that are reasonably related to Procyon and/or AMERX business and primarily for Procyon and/or AMERX benefit, upon the presentation by the Executive, from time-to-time, of an itemized account of such expenditures. Such expenses shall be reviewed and approved by Procyon's Chief Financial Officer. 

Section 1.6 Benefit Plans. From the effective date of this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all existing benefit plans provided to Procyon's executive employees, including, to the extent now or hereafter in effect, medical, health, dental, vision, disability, life insurance and death benefit plans, in accordance with the terms of such plans. 

ARTICLE II 

 COMPENSATION 

Section 2.1 Base Salary. Procyon/ AMERX shall pay to the Executive a base salary of not less than the amount specified on Schedule 1, subject to annual review and raises in such base salary. The base salary may be changed by action of Procyon's Board of Directors, and such changes shall thereafter be included in the Executive's base salary as defined for purposes of this Agreement and Procyon's bonus plan. 

Section 2.2 Bonus and Bonus Plan Participation. The Executive shall be entitled to receive certain incentive bonuses, as set forth, and pursuant to the conditions set forth, in Schedule 1. The Executive shall also be entitled to receive bonuses in accordance with the provisions of the Procyon-wide bonus plan as in effect from time to time. 

ARTICLE III 

 TERM OF EMPLOYMENT AND TERMINATION 

Section 3.1 Term and Nature of Employment. This Agreement shall be for a term of one year, commencing on its effective date, subject, however, to termination during such period as provided in this Article and approval of the Board of Directors of Procyon in its annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute a promise of employment to the Executive for a fixed term. Executive's employment under this Agreement is strictly "at will," and may be terminated by the Executive, AMERX or Procyon, upon thirty days written notice, for any reason or no reason, with or without cause. 

Section 3.2 Renewal of Term. Subject to Procyon's Board of Directors' approval, Executive's employment shall be extended for one additional year at the end of each year of the term, or extended term, of this Agreement on the same terms and conditions as contained in this Agreement, unless either AMERX, Procyon or the Executive shall, prior to the expiration of the initial term or of any renewal term, give written notice of the intention not to renew this Agreement. 

Section 3.3 Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by the Executive or Procyon or AMERX for any reason, including termination by death or disability of the Executive, AMERX shall be obligated to compensate the Executive for any accrued vacation time not taken and any earned but unpaid base salary and any earned but unpaid bonuses up to the date of termination. 

Section 3.4 Options. Any options granted to the Executive to purchase stock of Procyon shall become fully vested on the date of the involuntary termination of this Agreement. This provision shall serve as a contractual modification of any option grants or agreements between the Executive and Procyon, whether such grants or agreements shall pre-date or postdate this Agreement, and is hereby Incorporated by reference into each such option grant or agreement. 

ARTICLE IV 

 GENERAL MATTERS 

Section 4.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida and shall be construed in accordance therewith. 

Section 4.2 No Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be waived except by an agreement in writing signed by the waiving party. A waiver of any term or provision shall not be construed as a waiver of any other term or provision. 

Section 4.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, altered or revoked at any time, in whole or in part, by filing with this Agreement a written instrument setting forth such changes, signed by each of the parties. 

Section 4.4 Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Executive, Procyon and AMERX, and shall not be assignable by Procyon or AMERX without the Executive's written consent. 

Section 4.5 Construction. Throughout this Agreement the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, and the masculine and neuter shall include the feminine, wherever the context so requires. 

Section 4.6 Text to Control. The headings of articles and sections are included solely for convenience of reference. If any conflict between any heading and the text of this Agreement exists, the text shall control. 

Section 4.7 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is declared by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid for any reason, such invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions. On the contrary, such remaining provisions shall be fully severable, and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such invalid provisions had not been included in the Agreement. 

Section 4.8 Authority. The officer executing this Agreement on behalf of Procyon and AMERX has been empowered and directed to do so by the Board of Directors of Procyon. 

Section 4.9 Effective Date. The effective date of this Agreement shall be July 1, 2024. 

PROCYON CORPORATION 
			 
			 EXECUTIVE 

By: 
			 /s/ James B Anderson 
			 
			 By: 
			 /s/ Justice W. Anderson 

James B. Anderson 

Justice W. Anderson 

Chief Financial Officer and 

Chief Executive Officer/President and 

AMERX Health Care VP of Operations 

AMERX Health Care CEO/President 

By: 
			 /s/ Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

By: 
			 /s/ Joseph R Treshler 

Joseph R. Treshler 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

Effective: July 1, 2024 

FY 2025 

 PROCYON CORPORATION 

 AMERX HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

 RESTATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

 Schedule 1 

 Salary and Benefit Statement 

 Date: July 1, 2024 

Executive: 

Justice W. Anderson 

Position: 

Procyon Corporation: Chief Executive Officer and AMERX Health Care Corporation: President 

Base Salary: 

297,510, annually 

Benefits: 

As outlined in this Executive Employment Agreement. 

Term: 

As described in Section 3.1 of the Executive Employment Agreement. 

The terms of the AMERX Sales Incentive and Profit Bonuses described below shall be reviewed annually, and any amendment thereto to be made with the mutual agreement of Procyon, AMERX and the Executive. 

Duties and 

 Responsibilities: 

Provide oversight of Procyon and AMERX (the wholly-owned subsidiary of Procyon) operations; provide oversight of all executive and operating officers of AMERX; devise and execute strategic planning for all aspects of business conducted by AMERX; create new business opportunities for AMERX to remain competitive in the marketplace; provide oversight of AMERX operations to insure sales growth, production efficiency, quality, service and cost-effective management of resources; financial reporting; preside over Procyon Board meetings as Chief Executive Officer and President; and such other matters as determined time to time by Procyon's Board of Directors. 

AMERX Sales Incentive 

 Quarterly Payout on Growth: 

Incentive pay will be based on AMERX fiscal 2025 quarterly product sales growth over previous fiscal years' quarterly net product sales. 

-6.00 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for the fiscal 2025 quarter are over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, but the increase is less than 15 , incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 6.00 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

 -6.75 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for fiscal 2025 quarter increase at least 15 but less than 25 over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 6.75 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

 -7.50 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for fiscal 2025 quarter increase 25 or more over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 7.50 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

The Sales Incentive Bonus will be paid by AMERX to the Executive 30 days following the end of the fiscal quarter 

Profit Incentive: 

The profit incentive, which includes profit from product sales, as well as profit from other activities which may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, will be based on audited fiscal year 2025. 

AMERX Profit Bonus: 

-3.25 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is less than 750,000, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 3.25 of the total profit. 

-3.75 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is 750,000 or more, but less than 1,000,000, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 3.75 of the total profit and 25,000 non-qualified options to purchase shares of Procyon common stock, pursuant to the 2020 Stock Option Plan. 

-4.25 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is 1,000,000 or more, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 4.25 of the total profit and 50,000 non-qualified options to purchase shares of Procyon common stock, pursuant to the 2020 Stock Option Plan. 

The Profit Incentive Bonus for AMERX will be paid by AMERX to the Executive after the close of the fiscal year end. 

APPROVED: 

PROCYON CORPORATION 
			 
			 EXECUTIVE: 

By: 
			 /s/ James B. Anderson 
			 
			 By: 
			 /s/ Justice W. Anderson 

James B. Anderson 

Justice W. Anderson 

Chief Financial Officer and 

Chief Executive Officer/President and 

AMERX VP of Operations 

AMERX Health Care CEO/President 

By: 
			 /s/ Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

By: 
			 /s/ Joseph R Treshler 

Joseph R. Treshler 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

Effective Date: July 1, 2024 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 ex_737072.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

ex_737013.htm 

Exhibit 10.10 

 RESTATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This RE-STATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), is effective July 1, 2024, by and between AMERX Health Care Corporation, a Florida corporation ("AMERX"), Procyon Corporation, a Colorado corporation ("Procyon") and James B. Anderson (the "Executive"). 

WHEREAS, AMERX has, prior to the date of this Agreement, employed the Executive as its President; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is employed by Procyon as its Chief Executive Officer; and 

WHEREAS, Procyon, the parent corporation of AMERX, has agreed to provide some of the benefits to Executive under this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, Procyon and AMERX desire to continue to employ the Executive on a full-time basis, and the Executive desires to be so employed by Procyon and AMERX, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 EMPLOYMENT DUTIES AND BENEFITS 

Section 1.1 Employment. Procyon Corporation and AMERX Health Care Corporation, the subsidiary of Procyon, hereby employs the Executive in the position described on Schedule 1 hereto as an executive officer of Procyon and AMERX, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Executive accepts such employment and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities assigned to him pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 1.2 Duties and Responsibilities. The Executive shall hold (the) positions with Procyon and AMERX which are specified on Schedule 1, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. The Executive is employed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and agrees to devote full-time to the business of Procyon and AMERX. The Executive shall perform the duties set forth on Schedule 1 while employed as an executive officer, and such further duties as may be determined and assigned to him from time-to-time by the Board of Directors of Procyon Corporation, the parent corporation of AMERX ("Procyon"). 

Section 1.3 Working Facilities. The Executive shall be furnished with facilities and services suitable to the position and adequate for the performance of the Executive's duties under this Agreement. The Executive's duties shall be rendered at AMERX offices, or at such other place or places as the Executive may designate with AMERX approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

Section 1.4 Vacations. The Executive shall be entitled each year to a reasonable vacation of not less than four weeks in accordance with the established practices of Procyon now or hereafter in effect for executive personnel, during which time the Executive's compensation shall be paid in full. Should AMERX from time-to-time require the Executive to perform job duties during vacation periods, the Executive shall be entitled to compensatory vacation time at a mutually agreeable time. 

Section 1.5 Expenses. The Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses for promoting the domestic and international business of Procyon/ AMERX in all respects, including expenses for entertainment, travel and similar items. Procyon/ AMERX will reimburse the Executive for all such expenses that are reasonably related to Procyon and/or AMERX business and primarily for Procyon and/or AMERX benefit, upon the presentation by the Executive, from time-to-time, of an itemized account of such expenditures. Such expenses shall be reviewed and approved by Procyon's Chief Financial Officer. 

Section 1.6 Benefit Plans. From the effective date of this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all existing benefit plans provided to Procyon's executive employees, including, to the extent now or hereafter in effect, medical, health, dental, vision, disability, life insurance and death benefit plans, in accordance with the terms of such plans. 

ARTICLE II 

 COMPENSATION 

Section 2.1 Base Salary. Procyon/ AMERX shall pay to the Executive a base salary of not less than the amount specified on Schedule 1, subject to annual review and raises in such base salary. The base salary may be changed by action of Procyon's Board of Directors, and such changes shall thereafter be included in the Executive's base salary as defined for purposes of this Agreement and Procyon's bonus plan. 

Section 2.2 Bonus and Bonus Plan Participation. The Executive shall be entitled to receive certain incentive bonuses, as set forth, and pursuant to the conditions set forth, in Schedule 1. The Executive shall also be entitled to receive bonuses in accordance with the provisions of the Procyon-wide bonus plan as in effect from time to time. 

ARTICLE III 

 TERM OF EMPLOYMENT AND TERMINATION 

Section 3.1 Term and Nature of Employment. This Agreement shall be for a term of one year, commencing on its effective date, subject, however, to termination during such period as provided in this Article and approval of the Board of Directors of Procyon in its annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute a promise of employment to the Executive for a fixed term. Executive's employment under this Agreement is strictly "at will," and may be terminated by the Executive, AMERX or Procyon, upon thirty days written notice, for any reason or no reason, with or without cause. 

Section 3.2 Renewal of Term. Subject to Procyon's Board of Directors' approval, Executive's employment shall be extended for one additional year at the end of each year of the term, or extended term, of this Agreement on the same terms and conditions as contained in this Agreement, unless either AMERX, Procyon or the Executive shall, prior to the expiration of the initial term or of any renewal term, give written notice of the intention not to renew this Agreement. 

Section 3.3 Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by the Executive or Procyon or AMERX for any reason, including termination by death or disability of the Executive, AMERX shall be obligated to compensate the Executive for any accrued vacation time not taken and any earned but unpaid base salary and any earned but unpaid bonuses up to the date of termination. 

Section 3.4 Options. Any options granted to the Executive to purchase stock of Procyon shall become fully vested on the date of the involuntary termination of this Agreement. This provision shall serve as a contractual modification of any option grants or agreements between the Executive and Procyon, whether such grants or agreements shall pre-date or postdate this Agreement, and is hereby Incorporated by reference into each such option grant or agreement. 

ARTICLE IV 

 GENERAL MATTERS 

Section 4.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida and shall be construed in accordance therewith. 

Section 4.2 No Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be waived except by an agreement in writing signed by the waiving party. A waiver of any term or provision shall not be construed as a waiver of any other term or provision. 

Section 4.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, altered or revoked at any time, in whole or in part, by filing with this Agreement a written instrument setting forth such changes, signed by each of the parties. 

Section 4.4 Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Executive, Procyon and AMERX, and shall not be assignable by Procyon or AMERX without the Executive's written consent. 

Section 4.5 Construction. Throughout this Agreement the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, and the masculine and neuter shall include the feminine, wherever the context so requires. 

Section 4.6 Text to Control. The headings of articles and sections are included solely for convenience of reference. If any conflict between any heading and the text of this Agreement exists, the text shall control. 

Section 4.7 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is declared by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid for any reason, such invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions. On the contrary, such remaining provisions shall be fully severable, and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such invalid provisions had not been included in the Agreement. 

Section 4.8 Authority. The officer executing this Agreement on behalf of Procyon and AMERX has been empowered and directed to do so by the Board of Directors of Procyon. 

Section 4.9 Effective Date. The effective date of this Agreement shall be July 1, 2024. 

PROCYON CORPORATION 
			 
			 EXECUTIVE 

By: 
			 /s/ Justice W. Anderson 
			 
			 By: 
			 /s/ James B. Anderson 

Justice W. Anderson 

James B. Anderson 

Chief Executive Officer/President and 

Chief Financial Officer and 

AMERX Health Care CEO/President 

AMERX Health Care VP of Operations 

By: 
			 /s/ Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

By: 
			 /s/ Joseph R Treshler 

Joseph R. Treshler 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

Effective: July 1, 2024 

FY 2025 

 PROCYON CORPORATION 

 AMERX-HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

 RESTATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

 Schedule 1 

 Salary and Benefit Statement 

Date: July 1, 2024 

Executive: 

James B. Anderson 

Position: 

Procyon Corporation: Chief Financial Officer AMERX Health Care Corporation: Vice President of Operations 

Reporting to: 

Justice W. Anderson, CEO Procyon Corporation, President AMERX Health Care 

Base Salary: 

216,707, annually 

Benefits: 

As outlined in this Executive Employment Agreement. 

Term: 

As described in Section 3.1 of the Executive Employment Agreement. 

The terms of the AMERX Sales Incentive and Profit Bonuses described below shall be reviewed annually, and any amendment thereto to be made with the mutual agreement of Procyon, AMERX and the Executive. 

Duties and 

 Responsibilities: 

Procyon Corporation - title: Chief Financial Officer; Oversee and Manage all financial record keeping, quarterly and annual financial reporting, SEC filings, quarterly, annual audits and payroll; 

AMERX Health Care Corporation - title: Vice President of Operations; Management, supervision and coordination of accounting staff, weekly/monthly financial reporting and accuracy of un-audited reporting of financials; Support the Management, supervision and coordination of sourcing and manufacturing of all AMERX products; Management and supervision of daily operation of administrative support staff and warehouse staff; Oversight of IT operations, performance and proficiencies; Direct and Oversee all FDA regulatory requirements, SOP, quality controls, testing, filing and documentation of manufacturing processes; and such other matters as determined from time to time by Procyon's Board of Directors. 

AMERX Sales Incentive 

 Quarterly Payout on Growth: 

 Incentive pay will be based on AMERX fiscal 2025 quarterly product sales growth over previous fiscal years' quarterly net product sales. 

 -1.00 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for the fiscal 2025 quarter are over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, but the increase is less than 15 , incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 1.00 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

 -1.50 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for fiscal 2025 quarter increase at least 15 but less than 25 over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 1.50 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

 -2.25 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for fiscal 2025 quarter increase 25 or more over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 2.25 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

The Sales Incentive Bonus will be paid by AMERX to the Executive 30 days following the end of the fiscal quarter 

Profit Incentive: 

The profit incentive, which includes profit from product sales, as well as profit from other activities which may designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, will be based on audited fiscal year 2025. 

AMERX 

 Profit Bonus: 

3.25 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is less than 750,000, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 3.25 of the total profit. 

3.75 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is 750,000 or more, but less than 1,000,000, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 3.75 of the total profit and 25,000 non-qualified options to purchase shares of Procyon common stock, pursuant to the 2020 Stock Option Plan. 

4.25 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is 1,000,000 or more, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 4.25 of the total profit and 50,000 non-qualified options to purchase Procyon common stock, pursuant to the 2020 Stock Option Plan. 

The Profit Incentive Bonus for AMERX will be paid by AMERX to Executive after the close of the fiscal year end. 

APPROVED: 

PROCYON CORPORATION 

			 EXECUTIVE: 

AMERX HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

By: 
			 /s/ Justice W. Anderson 
			 
			 By: 
			 /s/ James B. Anderson 

Justice W. Anderson 

James B. Anderson 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer and AMERX 

AMERX CEO/President 

Health Care VP of Operations 

By: 
			 /s/ Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

By: 
			 /s/ Joseph R Treshler 

Joseph R. Treshler 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

Effective Date: July 1, 2024 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 ex_737071.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

ex_737013.htm 

Exhibit 10.11 

 RESTATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This RE-STATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), is effective July 1, 2024, by and between AMERX Health Care Corporation, a Florida corporation ("AMERX"), Procyon Corporation, a Colorado corporation ("Procyon") and George O. Borak (the "Executive"). 

WHEREAS, AMERX has, prior to the date of this Agreement, employed the Executive as its President; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is employed by Procyon as its Chief Executive Officer; and 

WHEREAS, Procyon, the parent corporation of AMERX, has agreed to provide some of the benefits to Executive under this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, Procyon and AMERX desire to continue to employ the Executive on a full-time basis, and the Executive desires to be so employed by Procyon and AMERX, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 EMPLOYMENT DUTIES AND BENEFITS 

Section 1.1 Employment. Procyon Corporation and AMERX Health Care Corporation, the subsidiary of Procyon, hereby employs the Executive in the position described on Schedule 1 hereto as an executive officer of Procyon and AMERX, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Executive accepts such employment and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities assigned to him pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 1.2 Duties and Responsibilities. The Executive shall hold (the) positions with Procyon and AMERX which are specified on Schedule 1, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. The Executive is employed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and agrees to devote full-time to the business of Procyon and AMERX. The Executive shall perform the duties set forth on Schedule 1 while employed as an executive officer, and such further duties as may be determined and assigned to him from time-to-time by the Board of Directors of Procyon Corporation, the parent corporation of AMERX ("Procyon"). 

Section 1.3 Working Facilities. The Executive shall be furnished with facilities and services suitable to the position and adequate for the performance of the Executive's duties under this Agreement. The Executive's duties shall be rendered at AMERX offices, or at such other place or places as the Executive may designate with AMERX approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

Section 1.4 Vacations. The Executive shall be entitled each year to a reasonable vacation of not less than four weeks in accordance with the established practices of Procyon now or hereafter in effect for executive personnel, during which time the Executive's compensation shall be paid in full. Should AMERX from time-to-time require the Executive to perform job duties during vacation periods, the Executive shall be entitled to compensatory vacation time at a mutually agreeable time. 

Section 1.5 Expenses. The Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses for promoting the domestic and international business of Procyon/ AMERX in all respects, including expenses for entertainment, travel and similar items. Procyon/ AMERX will reimburse the Executive for all such expenses that are reasonably related to Procyon and/or AMERX business and primarily for Procyon and/or AMERX benefit, upon the presentation by the Executive, from time-to-time, of an itemized account of such expenditures. Such expenses shall be reviewed and approved by Procyon's Chief Financial Officer. 

Section 1.6 Benefit Plans. From the effective date of this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all existing benefit plans provided to Procyon's executive employees, including, to the extent now or hereafter in effect, medical, health, dental, vision, disability, life insurance and death benefit plans, in accordance with the terms of such plans. 

ARTICLE II 

 COMPENSATION 

Section 2.1 Base Salary. Procyon/ AMERX shall pay to the Executive a base salary of not less than the amount specified on Schedule 1, subject to annual review and raises in such base salary. The base salary may be changed by action of Procyon's Board of Directors, and such changes shall thereafter be included in the Executive's base salary as defined for purposes of this Agreement and Procyon's bonus plan. 

Section 2.2 Bonus and Bonus Plan Participation. The Executive shall be entitled to receive certain incentive bonuses, as set forth, and pursuant to the conditions set forth, in Schedule 1. The Executive shall also be entitled to receive bonuses in accordance with the provisions of the Procyon-wide bonus plan as in effect from time to time. 

ARTICLE III 

 TERM OF EMPLOYMENT AND TERMINATION 

Section 3.1 Term and Nature of Employment. This Agreement shall be for a term of one year, commencing on its effective date, subject, however, to termination during such period as provided in this Article and approval of the Board of Directors of Procyon in its annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute a promise of employment to the Executive for a fixed term. Executive's employment under this Agreement is strictly "at will," and may be terminated by the Executive, AMERX or Procyon, upon thirty days written notice, for any reason or no reason, with or without cause. 

Section 3.2 Renewal of Term. Subject to Procyon's Board of Directors' approval, Executive's employment shall be extended for one additional year at the end of each year of the term, or extended term, of this Agreement on the same terms and conditions as contained in this Agreement, unless either AMERX, Procyon or the Executive shall, prior to the expiration of the initial term or of any renewal term, give written notice of the intention not to renew this Agreement. 

Section 3.3 Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by the Executive or Procyon or AMERX for any reason, including termination by death or disability of the Executive, AMERX shall be obligated to compensate the Executive for any accrued vacation time not taken and any earned but unpaid base salary and any earned but unpaid bonuses up to the date of termination. 

Section 3.4 Options. Any options granted to the Executive to purchase stock of Procyon shall become fully vested on the date of the involuntary termination of this Agreement. This provision shall serve as a contractual modification of any option grants or agreements between the Executive and Procyon, whether such grants or agreements shall pre-date or postdate this Agreement, and is hereby Incorporated by reference into each such option grant or agreement. 

ARTICLE IV 

 GENERAL MATTERS 

Section 4.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida and shall be construed in accordance therewith. 

Section 4.2 No Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be waived except by an agreement in writing signed by the waiving party. A waiver of any term or provision shall not be construed as a waiver of any other term or provision. 

Section 4.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, altered or revoked at any time, in whole or in part, by filing with this Agreement a written instrument setting forth such changes, signed by each of the parties. 

Section 4.4 Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Executive, Procyon and AMERX, and shall not be assignable by Procyon or AMERX without the Executive's written consent. 

Section 4.5 Construction. Throughout this Agreement the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, and the masculine and neuter shall include the feminine, wherever the context so requires. 

Section 4.6 Text to Control. The headings of articles and sections are included solely for convenience of reference. If any conflict between any heading and the text of this Agreement exists, the text shall control. 

Section 4.7 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is declared by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid for any reason, such invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions. On the contrary, such remaining provisions shall be fully severable, and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such invalid provisions had not been included in the Agreement. 

Section 4.8 Authority. The officer executing this Agreement on behalf of Procyon and AMERX has been empowered and directed to do so by the Board of Directors of Procyon. 

Section 4.9 Effective Date. The effective date of this Agreement shall be July 1, 2024. 

PROCYON CORPORATION 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 
			 /s/ Justice W. Anderson 
			 
			 By: 
			 /s/ George O. Borak 

Justice W. Anderson 

George O. Borak 

Chief Executive Officer/President and 

AMERX Health Care Vice President AMERX 

Health Care CEO/President of Sales 

By: 
			 /s/ Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

By: 
			 /s/ Joseph R Treshler 

Joseph R. Treshler 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

Effective: July 1, 2024 

FY 2025 

 PROCYON CORPORATION 

 AMERX HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

 RESTATED AND AMENDED EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

 Schedule 1 

 Salary and Benefit Statement 

 Date: July 1, 2024 

Executive: 

George Borak 

Position: 

AMERX Health Care Corporation: Vice President of Sales 

Reporting To: 

Procyon CEO, AMERX President 

Base Salary: 

216,707, annually 

Benefits: 

As outlined in this Executive Employment Agreement. 

Term: 

As described in Section 3.1 of the Executive Employment Agreement. 

The terms of the AMERX Sales Incentive and Profit Bonus described below shall be reviewed annually, and any amendment thereto to be made with the mutual agreement of Procyon, AMERX and the Executive. 

Duties and 

 Responsibilities: 

Supervision and coordination of all sales of AMERX Products; supervision of all other sales personnel of AMERX; devising and executing strategic sales planning for all aspects of business conducted by AMERX; creating new opportunities for sales and helping AMERX to remain competitive in the marketplace; and cost-effective management of resources; oversee manufacturing of all AMERX products and new product development; and such other matters as determined from time to time by Procyon's Board of Directors. 

AMERX New 

 Product Incentive: 

Bonus: Executive will receive 20,000 bonus upon successfully completing 100,000 in Advantagen Surgical Collagen sales for Fiscal 2025. 

AMERX Sales Incentive 

 Quarterly Payout on Growth: 

Incentive pay will be based on AMERX fiscal 2025 quarterly product sales growth over previous fiscal years' quarterly net product sales. 

-3.50 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for the fiscal 2025 quarter are over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, but the increase is less than 15 , incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 3.50 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

-4.25 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for fiscal 2025 quarter increase at least 15 but less than 25 over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 4.25 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

-4.75 Sales Incentive: If AMERX net sales for fiscal 2025 quarter increase 25 or more over the prior fiscal years' net sales for the corresponding quarter, incentive pay will consist of a cash payment equal to 4.75 of net sales growth for that quarter over the prior fiscal years' net sales for that quarter. 

The Sales Incentive Bonus will be paid by AMERX to the Executive 30 days following the end of the fiscal quarter 

Annual Incentive 

 on Growth: 

 -10,000 Option Incentive: If AMERX net sales for the fiscal 2025 year increase at least 15 but less than 25 over the prior fiscal years' net sales, 10,000 non-qualified options to purchase Procyon common stock will be granted pursuant to a new 2020 Stock Option Plan, when approved by the shareholders. 

 -25,000 Option Incentive: If AMERX net sales for the fiscal 2025 year increase 25 or more over the prior fiscal years' net sales, 25,000 non-qualified options to purchase Procyon common stock will be granted pursuant to the 2020 Stock Option Plain. 

Annual Profit Incentive: 

The profit incentive, which includes profit from product sales, as well as profit from other activities, which may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, will be based on audited fiscal year 2025. 

AMERX Profit Bonus: 

 2.00 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is less than 750,000, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 2.00 of the total profit. 

2.50 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is 750,000 or more, but less than 1,000,000, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 2.50 of the total profit. 

3.00 Profit Incentive: If AMERX profit is 1,000,000 or more, the Executive will receive a cash payment equal to 3.00 of the total profit. 

The Profit Incentive Bonus for AMERX will be paid by AMERX to the Executive after the close of the fiscal year end. 

APPROVED: 

			 PROCYON CORPORATION: 

			 EXECUTIVE: 

AMERX HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

By: 
			 /s/ Justice W. Anderson 
			 
			 By: 
			 /s/ George O. Borak 

Justice W. Anderson 

George O. Borak 

Chief Executive Officer/President and 

AMERX Health Care Vice President of Sales 

AMERX Health Care CEO/President 

By: 
			 /s/ Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Fred W. Suggs, Jr. 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

By: 
			 /s/ Joseph R Treshler 

Joseph R. Treshler 

Director, Member of the Procyon 

Corporation Compensation Committee 

Effective Date: July 1, 2024 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_737011.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_737011.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Justice W. Anderson, the Chief Executive Officer of Procyon Corporation, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Procyon Corporation; 

2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 25, 2024 

/s/ Justice W. Anderson 

 Justice W. Anderson 

 Chief Executive Officer/President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_737012.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_737012.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATION 

I, James B. Anderson, the Chief Financial Officer of Procyon Corporation, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Procyon Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 25, 2024 

/s/ James B. Anderson 

 James B. Anderson 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_737013.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_737013.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to18 U.S.C. 1350, 
As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Procyon Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do certify, to our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 25, 2024 

/s/ Justice W. Anderson 

 Justice W. Anderson 

 Chief Executive Officer/President 

/s/ James B. Anderson 

 James B. Anderson 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pcyn-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pcyn-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pcyn-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pcyn-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 pcyn-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

