<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241223_10-K_edgar_data_1668370_0001213900-24-111385.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12602855</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>438032</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2176853</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3837078</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2590743</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3145898</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-111385.hdr.sgml : 20241223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241220213714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-111385
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Toughbuilt Industries, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668370
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				460820877
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38739
		FILM NUMBER:		241569522

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8669 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 528-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8669 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-111385.txt : 20241223

10-K
 1
 ea0200888-10k_toughbuilt.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON , D . C .
 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ______ until ______ 

Commission File Number:

(Exact name of Registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code 

Securities registered under
Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: OTC Expert Market OTC Expert Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit post such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
common stock, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2023 (which is the last business day of Registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter) based upon the reported closing price of 19.44 per share on the Over-The-Counter Market on
that date, was approximately . Solely for purposes of this calculation, the officers and directors and holders of five percent
(5 of any class of voting securities of the Company are considered affiliates. 

As of December 20, 2024, the Registrant had 
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Description of Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 

Item 2. Properties 
 26 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 
 28 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 29 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 46 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 47 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART III 
 48 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 48 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 54 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 73 

PART IV 
 74 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 76 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 77 

SIGNATURES 
 7 8 

i 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise
stated or as the context otherwise requires, references to ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., ToughBuilt Industries, 
 ToughBuilt, the Company, we, us, our and similar references refer
to ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., a Nevada corporation formerly known as Phalanx, Inc. Our logo and other trademarks or service marks of
the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. This Annual Report on Form 10-K
also contains registered marks, trademarks, and trade names of other companies. All other trademarks, registered marks, and trade names
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
and Industry Data 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, in particular,
Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , contains
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking
statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies concerning future events, including, but not limited to, any
statements regarding our assumptions about financial performance; the continuation of historical trends; the sufficiency of our cash
balances for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting policies on our results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations; and the economy in general or the future
of the industry in which we operate, all of which were subject to various risks and uncertainties. 

When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and other reports, statements, and information we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in our
press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, in oral statements made by or with the approval of an executive officer,
the words or phrases believes, may, will, expects, should, continue, 
 anticipates, intends, will likely result, estimates, projects or
similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. However, any statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. These statements
are only predictions. All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on information available to
us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements
in this document may turn out to be wrong. Actual events or results may differ materially. Our forward-looking statements can be affected
by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains
estimates, projections, and other information concerning our industry, business, and particular markets, including data regarding the
estimated size of those markets. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research, or similar methodologies
is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected
in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research
surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, general publications, government
data, and similar sources. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item 1. Description of Business. 

Overview 

ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. was formed to design, manufacture, and
distribute innovative tools and accessories for the building industry. We market and distribute various home improvement and construction
product lines for both Do-It-Yourself and professional markets under the TOUGHBUILT brand name within the global multibillion-dollar
per year tool market. All of our products are designed by our in-house design team. Since our initial product sales launch ten years ago,
we have experienced annual sales growth from approximately 1 million in 2013, to approximately 76 million in 2023. 

Our business is currently based on the development
of innovative and state-of-the-art products, primarily in tools and hardware category, with a particular focus on building and construction
industry with the ultimate goal of making life easier and more productive for contractors and workers alike. 

Our three major categories contain a total of
22 product lines, consisting of (i) Soft Goods, which includes kneepads, tool bags, pouches, and tool belts; (ii) Metal Goods, which consists
of sawhorses, tool stands and workbench; and (iii) Utility Products, which includes utility knives, aviation snips, shears, lasers, and
levels. We also have several additional categories and product lines in various stages of development. 

We design and manage our product life cycles
through a controlled and structured process. We involve customers and industry experts from our target markets in the definition and
refinement of our product development. Product development emphasis is placed on meeting and exceeding industry standards and product
specifications, ease of integration, ease of use, cost reduction, design-for manufacturability, quality, and reliability. 

Our mission consists of providing innovative,
superior-quality products to the building and home improvement communities derived in part from enlightened creativity for our end users
while enhancing performance, improving well-being, and building high brand loyalty. 

We operate through the following subsidiaries:
(i) ToughBuilt Industries UK Limited; (ii) ToughBuilt Mexico; (iii) ToughBuilt Armenia, LLC; (iv) ToughBuilt Columbia, and (iv) ToughBuilt
Brazil. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on
April 9, 2012, as Phalanx, Inc. On December 29, 2015, we changed our name to ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. On September 18, 2018, we effected
a 1-for-2 reverse stock split of our common stock. We consummated our initial public offering pursuant to a registration statement on
Form S-1 (File No: 333-226104) declared effective by the SEC on November 8, 2018, and become an SEC Exchange Act reporting company pursuant
to a Form 8-A (File No. 001-38739) on November 8, 2018. On April 25, 2022, we effected a 1-for-150 reverse stock split of our common stock.
On January 2, 2024, we effected a 1-for-65 reverse stock split of our common stock. All share amounts and dollar amounts have been adjusted
for the reverse stock splits. 

1 

Recent Developments 

To maintain its prior listing with the Nasdaq,
the Company effected a reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock on a one (1) share for sixty-five (65) shares basis, rounding
up for fractional shares, and our common stock commenced trading on a post-reverse stock split basis at market open on January 2, 2024. Unless
otherwise indicated, the share and per share information in this report reflects our prior reverse stock splits, including the 1-for-65
stock split. The authorized number and par value of our common stock did not change as a result of the reverse stock split. 

Subsequent Events 

On April 25, 2024, we filed a Form 8-K with the SEC, disclosing that
we received a delinquency notice from Nasdaq on April 19, 2024, informing us that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1)
due to our failure to file this Annual Report by the prescribed due date. 

On May 22, 2024, we filed
a Form 8-K with the SEC, disclosing that we received an additional delinquency notice in connection with our failure to file our quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended on March 31, 2024, and Nasdaq required us to submit a plan by June 18, 2024 to regain
compliance with respect to the late Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. 

On June 12, 2024, we
submitted our plan to Nasdaq to regain its compliance. If Nasdaq accepts our plan, we will have up to 180 days from the due date of the
delinquent Form 10-K, or October 14, 2024 to file our delinquent Form 10-Qs. If Nasdaq does not accept the plan, we could request a hearing.
It is not guaranteed that Nasdaq will accept our plan or grant an exception, and compliance with other listing requirements cannot be
guaranteed. 

On August 7, 2024, we
notified The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC that the Company was voluntarily withdrawing its appeal to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. Although the
Company was earlier notified by Nasdaq on August 7, 2024, that it had regained compliance with the majority independent board and various
board committee requirements, specifically under Nasdaq Listing Rules 5605(b), 5605(c)(2)(A)(i) and (ii), 5605(d)(2)(A) and 5605(e)(1),
the Company remained subject to delisting based on its continued non-compliance with Nasdaq s filing requirement, as set forth in
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), and due to concerns raised by the Staff regarding the independence of a former director pursuant to Nasdaq
Rule 5101 and IM-5101-1. As a result of the Company s voluntary withdrawal, by separate notice dated August 7, 2024, Nasdaq notified
the Company that trading of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq would be suspended effective with the open of business on Friday,
August 9, 2024. On September 20, 2024, Nasdaq filed a Form 25 Notification of Delisting with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). 

The Company is diligently working on the preparation and filing of
its Form 10-Qs for the quarters ending March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company is committed to
ensuring that this filing is completed in a timely and accurate manner, with the goal of meeting all regulatory requirements and deadlines.
The efforts to finalize this filing are ongoing, and the Company is focused on ensuring that all necessary documentation and financial
statements are prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and regulations. The Company is committed to maintaining transparency
and compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 

2023 Business Developments 

The following highlights material business developments
in our business during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023: 

In January 2023, we launched over 40 SKUs in the Handheld Screwdrivers segment, including ratcheting
 bit drivers, insulated screwdrivers, precision, slotted, Phillips, Torx and cabinet screwdrivers, and demolition drivers. 

In January 2023, we expanded our distribution agreement with Sodimac, South America s largest home improvement and construction supplier. In this extended agreement, stores in Chile, Peru, Argentina, Colombia, Brazil, and Uruguay will initially begin with selling 15 SKUs in-store and bring 23 SKUs to Sodimac s online marketplace. 

In January 2023, we launched more than 20 new SKUs in the Handheld Wrench segment, including adjustable
 wrenches, construction wrenches, and pipe wrenches. 

In February 2023, we launched our new line of pliers and clamps. The new line, comprised of more
 than 40 SKUs, will be made available for purchase through leading U.S. home improvement retailers and across ToughBuilt s growing
 strategic networks of North American and global trade partners and buying groups, servicing over 18,900 storefronts and online portals
 worldwide. 

In August 2023, the Company expanded its distribution in the European Union with two major retail
 groups, La Platforme Du Batiment and Prolians, servicing professional customers in France and Spain. 

In August 2023, the Company expanded its product distribution to customers in the United Kingdom
 through new business with Howdens UK and City Electrical Factors UK CEF ), marking entry into a combined network of
 more than 1,200 retail locations nationwide. 

In October 2023, the Company launched its StackTech product
line, initially rolling out more than 25 SKUs. StackTech is an intuitive modular storage toolbox system, and StackTech is
the world s first auto-locking stacking tool storage solution with 14 unique features. 

2 

Our Products 

We create innovative products that help our customers
build faster, build stronger, and work smarter. We accomplish this by listening to what our customers want and need and researching how
professionals work; then we create tools that help them save time, hassle, and money. 

TOUGHBUILT manufactures and distributes an
array of high-quality and rugged tool belts, tool bags, and other personal tool organizer products. We also manufacture and distribute
a complete line of knee pads for various construction applications and a variety of metal goods, including utility knives, aviation snips
and shears, and digital measures such as lasers and levels. Our line of job site tools and material support products consists of a full
line of miter saw and table saw stands, sawhorses/job site tables, roller stands and workbench. Our products are designed and engineered
in the United States and manufactured in China, India, and the Philippines under our supervision of quality control. We do not need government
approval for any of our products. 

 Our soft-sided tool storage line is designed for
a wide range of Do-It-Yourself and professional needs. This line of pouches and tool and accessories bags is designed to organize our
customers tools faster and easier. Interchangeable pouches clip on and off any belt, bag ladder wall, or vehicle. Our products
let our customers carry what they want so they have it when they want it. ToughBuilt wide-mouth tool carry-all bags come in sizes from
12 inches to 30 inches. They all have steel-reinforced handles and padded shoulder straps, allowing massive loads to be easily carried.
Rigid plastic hard-body lining protects everything inside. Double mesh pockets are included inside to provide complete visibility for
stored items. They include a lockable zipper for added security and safety and secondary side handles for when it takes more than one
to carry the load. 

These products have innovative designs with unique
features that provide extra functionality and enhanced user experience. Patented features such as our exclusive Cliptech 
mechanism incorporated in some of the products in this line are unique in these products for the industry and have distinguished the line
from other similarly situated products; thus, we believe there is an increasing appeal among the different products of this category in
the professional community and among the enthusiasts. 

Soft Goods 

The flagship of the product line is the soft
goods line, consisting of over 100 variations of tool pouches, tool rigs, tool belts and accessories, tool bags, totes, a variety of
storage solutions, and office organizers/bags for laptop/tablet/cellphones, etc. Management believes that the breadth of the line is
one of the deepest in the industry and has specialized designs to suit professionals from all industry sectors, including plumbers, electricians,
framers, builders, and more. 

We have a selection of over ten models of kneepads, some with revolutionary
and patented design features that allow the users to interchange components to suit particular conditions of use. Management believes
these kneepads are among the best-performing kneepads in the industry. Our all-terrain knee pad protection with snap shell
technology is part of our interchangeable kneepad system, which helps to customize the job site needs. They are made with superior quality
using multilevel layered construction, heavy-duty webbing, and abrasion-resistant PVC rubber. 

Metal Goods 

Sawhorses and Work Support Products 

The second major category consists of Sawhorses and Work Support products
with unique designs and robust construction targeted for the most discerning users in the industry. The innovative designs and construction
of more than 18 products in this category have led to the sawhorses becoming among the best sellers of the category everywhere they are
sold. The newest additions in this category include several stands and work support products that are quickly gaining recognition in the
industry and are expected to position themselves in the top-tier products in a short time. Our sawhorse line, miter saw, table saw 
roller stands, and workbench are built to very high standards. Our sawhorse/jobsite table is fast to set up, holds 2,400 pounds, has adjustable
heights, is made of all-metal construction, and has a compact design. We believe that these lines of products are slowly becoming the
standard in the construction industry. 

3 

All of our products are designed in-house to
achieve features and benefits for the professional construction worker and the Do-It-Yourself person. 

Electronic Goods 

Digital measures and levels 

TOUGHBUILT s third major product line is
digital measures and levels. These digital measures are targeted toward PROs for accurate job site measuring to ensure the job is done
right and on time. These digital measures help calculate the amount of construction products needed to finish the job, such as measuring
floors, tiles, and paint. 

Below is just a sample of our products offered: 

Tool Belt Sets 
 
 Contractor Pouches 

Padded Belts 
 
 Laptop Bags 

Bags Totes 
 
 Rolling Bags 

4 

Saw Horses 
 
 Knee Pads 

Utility Knives and Other Tools 
 
 Levelers and Measuring Tools 

StackTech 

In October 2023, we launched our StackTech 
product line with an initial rollout of over 25 SKUs. StackTech is an intuitive modular storage toolbox system, and StackTech 
is the world s first auto-locking stacking tool storage solution with 14 unique features. 

Our Business Strategy 

Our product strategy is to develop product lines
in a number of categories rather than focus on a single line of goods. We believe that this approach allows for rapid growth and wider
brand recognition and may ultimately result in increased sales and profits within an accelerated period. We believe that building brand
awareness of our current ToughBuilt lines of products will expand our share of the pertinent markets. Our business strategy includes
the following key elements: 

A commitment to technological innovation achieved through consumer insight, creativity, and speed
 to market; 

A broad selection of products in both brand and private labels; 

Prompt response; 

Superior customer service; and 

Value pricing. 

We will continue considering other market opportunities
while focusing on our customers specific requirements to increase sales. 

5 

Market 

In addition to the construction market, our products
are marketed to the Do-It-Yourself and home improvement marketplace. The home improvement industry has fared much better
after the Great Recession than the housing market. The U.S. housing stock of more than 130 million homes requires regular investment
merely to offset normal depreciation. And many households that might have traded up to more desirable homes during the downturn decided
instead to make improvements to their current homes. Meanwhile, federal and state stimulus programs encouraged homeowners and rental
property owners to invest in energy-efficient upgrades that they might otherwise have deferred. Finally, many rental property owners
reinvested in their units, responding to a surge in demand from households either facing foreclosure or nervous about buying amid the
housing market uncertainty. 

TOUGHBUILT products are available worldwide
in many major retailers, ranging from home improvement and construction products and services stores to major online outlets. Currently,
we have placement in Lowes, Home Depot, Menards, Bunnings (Australia), Princess Auto (Canada), Dong Shin Tool PIA (S. Korea), and others,
as well as seeking to grow our sales in global markets such as Western and Central Europe, Russia and Eastern Europe, South America and
the Middle East. 

Retailers by region include: 

United States: Lowe s, Home Depot, Menards, Harbor Freight, ACE Hardware, Acme, TSC; 

Canada: Princess Auto; 

United Kingdom: Wickes, TOOL STATION, Huws Gray, Selco Builders Warehouse, MKM, City Electrical Factors,
 and Carpet Flooring; 

Europe: Elecktro3 and NCC Hardware; 

South America: Sodimac; 

Mexico: Sears; 

Middle East: Lamed; 

Australia: Kincrome and Bunnings; 

New Zealand: Kincrome and Bunnings; 

South Korea: Dong Shin Tool PIA Co., Ltd. 

We are actively expanding into other markets,
including South Africa. 

We are currently in product line reviews and discussions
with Home Depot Canada, Do It Best, True Value, and other major retailers both domestically and internationally. A product line review
requires the supplier to submit a comprehensive proposal that includes product offerings, prices, competitive market studies, relevant
industry trends, and other information. Within the near term, management anticipates adding three major retailers to its customer base,
along with several distributors and private retailers within six sectors and fifty-six targeted countries. 

Innovation and Brand Strength 

Management believes that ToughBuilt s robust
capabilities eclipse those of many competitors. Not every distributor or factory has the ability to quickly identify industry and end-user
opportunities and execute quickly to deliver winning product lines consistently. Also, in our view, most distributors and factories do
not have a recognizable and reputable brand or the proven ability to reach major retailers globally to position their products and brands.
We believe that we are able to take a design from concept to market within a very short period of time. 

Product and Services Diversification 

TOUGHBUILT is a singular brand with a driven
team that is poised to scale into a highly recognized global entity. In the next few years, we aim to grow ToughBuilt with several significant
subsidiaries to become the hub/platform for professionals, Do-It-Yourselfers, and passionate builders everywhere. Management anticipates
future subsidiaries focusing on licensing, gear, mobile, equipment rentals, and maintenance services. 

6 

New Products 

Tools 

In 2022, we launched the following product lines: 

Tape Measures and Chalk Reels 

Striking Tools 

Long Handle Garden and Landscaping Tools 

Pliers and Clamps 

In 2022, we launched the following tools: 

Reload Utility Knife 

21 new SKUs into the global handsaws segment 

500 ft. Rotary Laser Level Kit 

40+ new SKUs into the Handheld Screwdrivers segment 

20 new SKUs into the Handheld Wrenches segment 

In 2023, we launched the following product lines: 

Screw
 Drivers line 

Wrench
 line 

Pliers
 and Clamps 

StackTech line 

Mobile Device Products 

Since 2013, we have been planning, designing,
engineering, and sourcing the development of a new line of ToughBuilt mobile devices and accessories for the construction industry and
building enthusiasts. However, due to microchip shortages, we have currently suspended this segment and put it on hold and will continue
developing it in the near future. 

Sales Strategy 

The devices, accessories, and bolt-on digital
tools will be sold through relevant home improvement big box stores, direct marketing to construction companies, direct marketing of
trade/wholesale outlets and to professional outlets. 

Suppliers 

We use several suppliers to produce our products.
We believe that we could retain other suppliers in the event of a slow-down or loss of one or more of its current suppliers without a
material adverse effect on our business operations, timeliness of delivery, or quality of products. 

Intellectual Property 

We hold several patents and trademarks of various durations and believe
that we hold, have applied for, or license all of the patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct
our business. We utilize trademarks (licensed and owned) on nearly all of our products and believe having distinctive marks that are readily
identifiable is an important factor in creating a market for our goods, identifying our brands and our Company, and distinguishing our
goods from those of others. We consider our ToughBuilt , Cliptech , and Fearless trademarks
among our most valuable intangible assets. Trademarks registered both in and outside the U.S. are generally valid for ten years, depending
on the jurisdiction, and are generally subject to an indefinite number of renewals for a like period on appropriate application. 

7 

In 2019, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) granted
two new design patents (U.S. D840,961 S and US D841,635 S) that cover ToughBuilt s ruggedized mobile devices, which are valid for
a period of 15 years. We also have several patents pending with the USPTO and anticipate three or four of them to be granted in the near
future. 

We also rely on trade secret protection for confidential
and proprietary information relating to our product designs and processes. Copyright protection is also utilized when appropriate. 

Domain names are valuable corporate assets for
companies around the world, including ToughBuilt. They often contain a trademark, service mark, or even a corporate name and are often
considered intellectual property. Our core strengths are the recognition and value of the ToughBuilt name, trademark, and domain name. 

We have entered into and will continue to enter
into confidentiality, non-competition, and proprietary rights assignment agreements with our employees and independent contractors and
with our suppliers to protect our intellectual property. 

We have not entered into any royalty agreements
concerning our intellectual property. 

Competition 

The tool equipment and accessories industry is
highly competitive worldwide. We compete with a significant number of other tool equipment and accessories manufacturers and suppliers
to the construction, home improvement, and Do-It-Yourself industry, many of which have the following: 

Significantly greater financial resources than we have; 

More comprehensive product lines; 

Longer-standing relationships with suppliers, manufacturers, and retailers; 

Broader distribution capabilities; 

Stronger brand recognition and loyalty; and 

The ability to invest substantially more in product advertising and sales. 

Our competitors greater capabilities in
the above areas enable them to better differentiate their products from ours, gain stronger brand loyalty, withstand periodic downturns
in the construction and home improvement equipment and product industries, compete effectively based on price and production, and more
quickly develop new products. These and other industry-wide downward pressures on gross margins can adversely affect our financial condition
and operating results. Principal competitive factors important to us include price, product features, relative price/performance, product
quality and reliability, design innovation, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, and corporate reputation. 

Seasonality 

Our company s revenues are not seasonal.
However, we usually experience a spike in sales when introducing new products. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2023, we had 165 employees,
including our four executive officers and eight independent contractors and consultants. We engage consultants on an as-needed basis
to supplement existing staff. Our employees, consultants, and contractors involved with sensitive and proprietary information have signed
non-disclosure agreements. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken an integrated approach to helping our employees manage
their work and personal responsibilities, with a strong focus on employee well-being, health, and safety. 

Our human capital resources objectives
include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors,
and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain, and reward personnel through the
granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards to increase stockholder value and the success of our Company by motivating
such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

8 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.toughbuilt.com .
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, any amendments to those reports, and proxy
and registration statements filed or furnished with the SEC are available free of charge through our website. We make these materials
available through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with or furnish such materials
to the SEC. The reports filed with the SEC by our executive officers and directors pursuant to Section 16 under the Exchange Act are
also made available, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after copies of those filings are provided to us
by those persons. These materials can be accessed through our website s Investor Relations section. The information contained
in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Our business is subject to many risks and
uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business
and financial performance could be adversely affected, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and our stock
price could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material that may adversely affect our business and financial performance.
Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information included in this
report, including our financial statements and related notes. The statements in this report that are not historical facts are forward-looking
statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or
implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of
operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors in our securities may lose
all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Company 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We have incurred substantial operating losses
since our inception. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 191.4 million
at December 31, 2023 a net loss of approximately 46.4 million, and approximately 5.1 million of net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2023. The accompanying consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of
business. As such, we believe that we will need additional financing to fund our operations and develop and commercialize our technology.
Also, we will seek to obtain additional capital through debt or sale of equity financing or other arrangements to fund operations; however,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity
may dilute existing stockholders, and newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding
shares of common stock. Issued debt securities may contain covenants and limit our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions
to stockholders. If we cannot obtain such additional financing, future operations will need to be scaled back or discontinued. Due to
these factors, management believes that there is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months
from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

9 

We will require additional capital in order
to achieve commercial success and , if necessary , to finance future losses from operations as we endeavor to build
revenue , but we do not have any commitments to obtain such capital and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain adequate
capital as and when required . 

We may not be able to generate any profit in
the foreseeable future. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we reported a net loss of 46.4 million, compared to a net loss of
 39.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, there is no assurance that we will realize profits in fiscal 2024 or
thereafter. If we fail to generate profits from our operations, we will not be able to sustain our business. We may never report profitable
operations or generate sufficient revenue to maintain our Company as a going concern. We continue to control our cash expenses as a percentage
of expected revenue on an annual basis and thus may use our cash balances in the short term to invest in revenue growth; however, we
cannot give assurance that we can increase our cash balances or limit our cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances
for our planned operations. Future business demands may lead to cash utilization at levels greater than recently experienced. We may
need to raise additional capital in the future. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable
terms or at all. Our inability to generate profits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Liquidity and
Capital Resources . 

We have limited management and staff and
will be dependent upon partnering arrangements . 

As of December 31, 2023, we have eight (8) independent
contractors and consultants. Our dependence on third-party consultants and service providers creates a number of risks, including but
not limited to, the possibility that such third parties may not be available to us as and when needed, and that we may not be able to
properly control the timing and quality of work conducted with respect to our projects. If we experience significant delays in obtaining
the services of such third parties or poor performance by such parties, our results of operations and stock price will be materially adversely
affected. 

The loss of any of our executive officers
could adversely affect us . 

We currently only have four (4) executive officers.
We depend on our executive officers extensive experience to implement our acquisition and growth strategy, specifically, Michael
Panosian, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Joshua Keeler, our Vice President of Research and Development. The loss of the
services of any of our executive officers could negatively impact our operations and our ability to implement our strategy. Although we
maintain a key man life insurance policy only for Michael Panosian, we do not carry any key man life insurance for any of
our other employees, and our key man insurance policy for Mr. Panosian is for 2 million and will be insufficient to recover any losses
resulting from Mr. Panosian s death or disability while serving as our President and Chief Executive Officer. 

10 

We may be unable to attract the necessary
employees or be able to prevent our current employees from leaving us. 

To induce valuable employees to remain with us,
in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided restricted stock and stock options that vest over time. The value to employees
of stock options that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may
at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees,
members of our management may terminate their employment with us. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain,
and motivate employees. 

If the hosts of third-party marketplaces
limit our access to such marketplaces , our operations and financial results may be adversely affected . 

Third-party marketplaces account for a portion
of our revenues. Our sales through online third-party marketplaces represented a combined 15 of total sales for the fourth quarter ended
December 31, 2023. We anticipate that sales of our products on third-party marketplaces will continue to account for a portion of our
revenues. In the future, the loss of access to these third-party marketplaces, or any significant cost increases from operating on the
marketplaces, could significantly reduce our revenues, and the success of our business depends partly on continued access to these third-party
marketplaces. Our relationships with our third-party marketplace providers could deteriorate due to various factors, such as if they
become concerned about our ability to deliver quality products on a timely basis or to protect a third party s intellectual property.
In addition, third-party marketplace providers could prohibit our access to these marketplaces if we are not able to meet the applicable
required terms of use. Loss of access to a marketplace channel could result in lower sales, and as a result, our business and financial
results may suffer. 

We are highly dependent upon manufacturers
in China , India, and Philippines, and an interruption in such relationships or our ability to obtain products from
them could adversely affect our business and results of operations . 

Our products are manufactured by factories in
China, India, and Philippines. Our ability to acquire products from our suppliers in amounts and on terms acceptable to us depends
on a number of unforeseeable factors and may be beyond our control. For example, financial or operational difficulties that some of our
manufacturers may face could result in an increase in the cost of the products we purchase from them. If we do not maintain our relationships
with our existing manufacturers or fail to find replacement or additional manufacturers in a timely manner and on acceptable commercial
terms, we may not be able to continue to offer our products at competitive prices and any failure to deliver those products to our customers
in a timely and accurate manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to lose customers and our sales could decline. 

Disruptions in our supply chain and other
factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business . 

A disruption within our logistics or supply chain
network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand
for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result from damage
or destruction to our distribution centers, weather-related events, natural disasters, international trade disputes or trade policy changes
or restrictions, tariffs or import-related taxes, third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns, shortages of supply chain
labor, shipping capacity, third-party contract disputes, supply or shipping interruptions or costs, military conflicts, acts of terrorism,
public health issues, including pandemics or quarantines (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) and related shutdowns, re-openings or other
actions by the government, civil unrest or other factors beyond our control. In recent years, U.S. ports, particularly those located
on the West Coast, have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues,
weather-related events, and natural disasters, which the pandemic has further exacerbated. Disruptions to our supply chain due to any
of the above factors could negatively impact our financial performance or condition. 

In addition, a significant percentage of our
product production, downstream processing, and sales occur outside the United States or with vendors, suppliers, or customers located
outside the United States. If the United States places tariffs or other restrictions on foreign imports from China, India, the Philippines,
or other countries, or any related counter-measures are taken, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects
may be harmed. Tariffs may increase our cost of goods, which could result in lower gross margins on certain of our products. If we raise
prices to account for any such increase in costs of goods, the competitiveness of the affected products could potentially be reduced.
In either case, increased tariffs on imports from China, India, Philippines, or other countries could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Trade restrictions and sanctions implemented by the United States or other
countries, including sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States and other countries due to Russia s recent invasion of Ukraine,
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are highly dependent upon manufacturers in China, India, and
Philippines , which exposes us to complex regulatory regimes and logistical challenges . 

We acquire majority of our products from manufacturers
and distributors located in China, India, and Philippines. We do not have any long-term contracts or exclusive agreements with our
foreign suppliers that would ensure our ability to acquire the types and quantities of products we desire at acceptable prices and in
a timely manner or that would allow us to rely on customary indemnification protection with respect to any third-party claims similar
to some of our U.S. suppliers. In addition, because many of our suppliers are outside of the United States, additional factors could interrupt
our relationships or affect our ability to acquire the necessary products on acceptable terms, including: 

political, social, and economic instability and the risk of war or other international incidents in China, India or the Philippines; 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that may increase our cost of products; 

11 

the imposition of duties, taxes, tariffs, or other charges on imports; 

difficulties in complying with import and export laws, regulatory requirements, and restrictions; 

natural disasters and public health emergencies, such as the recent outbreak of a novel strain of
 coronavirus identified first in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, and having turned into a global pandemic that has impacted a number
 of countries from which we purchase products; 

import shipping delays resulting from foreign or domestic labor shortages, slowdowns, or stoppage; 

the failure of local laws to provide a sufficient degree of protection against infringement of our
 intellectual property; 

imposition of new legislation relating to import quotas or other restrictions that may limit the
 quantity of our product that may be imported into the U.S. from countries or regions where we do business; 

financial or political instability in any of the countries in which our product is manufactured; 

potential recalls or cancellations of orders for any product that does not meet our quality standards; 

disruption of imports by labor disputes or strikes and local business practices; 

political or military conflict involving the U.S. or any country in which our suppliers are located,
 which could cause a delay in the transportation of our products, an increase in transportation costs and additional risk to product
 being damaged and delivered on time; 

heightened terrorism security concerns, which could subject imported goods to additional, more frequent
 or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in deliveries or impoundment of goods for extended periods; 

inability of our non-U.S. suppliers to obtain adequate credit or access liquidity to finance their
 operations; and 

our ability to enforce any agreements with our foreign suppliers. 

If we were unable to import products from
China, India, and Philippines or import them cost-effectively, we could suffer irreparable harm to our business and be required to
significantly curtail our operations, file for bankruptcy, or cease operations. 

From time to time, we may also have to resort
to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights with foreign suppliers. However, it may be more challenging to evaluate
the level of legal protection we enjoy in China, India, and Philippines and the corresponding outcome of any administrative or court
proceedings than in comparison to our suppliers in the United States. 

12 

Increasing commodity prices such as fuel ,
 plastic, and metal could negatively impact our profit margins . 

Prices of certain commodity products, including
raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and
demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, trade restrictions, and tariffs. Increasing prices in the
component materials for the parts of our goods may impact the availability, the quality and the price of our products, as suppliers search
for alternatives to existing materials and increase the prices they charge. We cannot ensure that we can recover all the increased costs
through price increases, and our suppliers may not continue to provide consistent quality products as they may substitute lower-cost
materials to maintain pricing levels, all of which may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. Our cost base
also reflects significant elements for freight, including fuel. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices such as fuel, plastic,
and metal may negatively affect our profit margins. 

Our results of operations could be negatively
impacted by inflationary or deflationary economic conditions, which could affect our ability to obtain goods from our suppliers in a
timely and cost-effective manner. 

Our profitability may be negatively impacted
if we are unable to mitigate any inflationary increases through various customer pricing actions and cost-reduction initiatives. Conversely,
in the event there is deflation, we may experience pressure from our customers to reduce prices, and there can be no assurance that we
would be able to reduce our cost base (through negotiations with suppliers or other measures) to offset any such price concessions which
could adversely impact results of operations and cash flows. 

We currently, and may in the future, have
assets held at financial institutions that may exceed the insurance coverage offered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ),
the loss of such assets would have a severe negative effect on our operations and liquidity. 

We may maintain our cash assets at certain financial
institutions in the U.S. in amounts that may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance
limit of 250,000. In the event of a failure of any financial institutions where we maintain our deposits or other assets, we may incur
a loss to the extent such loss exceeds the FDIC insurance limitation, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial
condition, and our results of operations. 

13 

If we are unable to manage the challenges
associated with our international operations , the growth of our business could be limited and our business could suffer . 

We maintain international business operations
throughout Europe with a majority being in the United Kingdom. Our international operations include sales and back-office support services
for our European market. We are subject to a number of risks and challenges that specifically relate to our international operations.
Our international operations may not be successful if we are unable to meet and overcome these challenges, which could limit the growth
of our business and may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. These risks and challenges include: 

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations, including any impairment to our
 relationship with employees caused by a reduction in force; 

restrictions imposed by local labor practices and laws on our business and operations; 

exposure to different business practices and legal standards; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

the imposition of government controls and restrictions; 

political, social and economic instability and the risk of war, terrorist activities or other international
 incidents; 

the failure of telecommunications and connectivity infrastructure; 

natural disasters and public health emergencies; 

potentially adverse tax consequences; and 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and relative weakness in the U.S. dollar. 

If we fail to offer a broad selection of
products at competitive prices or maintain sufficient inventory to meet customer demands , our revenue could decline . 

In order to expand our business, we must successfully
offer, on a continuous basis, a broad selection of products that meet the needs of our customers, including being the first to market
with new SKUs. Consumers use our products for a variety of purposes, including repair, performance, aesthetics, and functionality. In
addition, to be successful, our product offerings must be broad and deep in scope, competitively priced, well-made, innovative and attractive
to a wide range of consumers. We cannot predict with certainty that we will successfully offer products that meet all these requirements.
If our product offerings fail to satisfy our customers requirements or respond to changes in customer preferences or we otherwise
fail to maintain sufficient in-stock inventory, our revenue could decline. 

As a result of our international operations ,
 we have foreign exchange risk . 

Our purchases of products from our China, India,
and the Philippines suppliers are denominated in U.S. dollars; however, a change in the foreign currency exchange rates could impact our
product costs over time. Our financial reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and changes in exchange rates due to functional currencies
of respective countries could significantly affect our reported results and consolidated trends. For example, if the U.S. dollar weakens
year-over-year relative to currencies in our international locations, our consolidated gross profit and operating expenses would be higher
than if currencies had remained constant. 

Our products could be recalled . 

The Consumer Product Safety Commission or other
applicable regulatory bodies may require the recall, repair, or replacement of our products if they are found not to be in compliance
with applicable standards or regulations. A recall could increase costs and adversely impact our reputation, thereby negatively impacting
our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

14 

Regulatory and Litigation Risks 

Product liability claims and other kinds
of litigation could affect our business , reputation , financial condition , results of operations and cash
flows . 

The products we design and/or have manufactured
can lead to product liability or other legal claims being filed against us. In the past, and may in the future, we have been subject
to legal proceedings other than those relating to product liability claims. To the extent that plaintiffs are successful in showing that
a defect in a product s design, manufacture or warnings led to personal injury or property damage, or that our provision of services
resulted in similar injury or damage, we may be subject to claims for damages. Although we are insured for damages above a certain amount,
we bear the costs and expenses associated with defending claims, including frivolous lawsuits, and are responsible for damages below
the insurance retention amount. In addition to claims concerning individual products, as a manufacturer, we can be subject to costs,
potential negative publicity, and lawsuits related to product recalls, which could adversely impact our results and damage our reputation. 

Even defending against unsuccessful claims could
cause us to incur significant expenses and divert management s attention. In addition, even if the money damages themselves did
not cause substantial harm to our business, the damage to our reputation and the brands offered on our websites could adversely affect
our future reputation and our brand, and could result in a decline in our net sales and profitability. 

Failure to comply with privacy laws and
regulations and adequately protect customer data could harm our business, damage our reputation, and result in a loss of customers . 

Federal and state regulations may govern the
collection, use, sharing, and security of data that we receive from our customers. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply
with our posted privacy policies or with any data-related consent orders, U.S. Federal Trade Commission requirements or other federal,
state or international privacy-related laws and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities
or others, which could potentially harm our business. Further, failure or perceived failure to comply with our policies or applicable
requirements related to the collection, use or security of personal information or other privacy-related matters could damage our reputation
and result in a loss of customers. 

The regulatory framework for data privacy
is constantly evolving , and privacy concerns could adversely affect our operating results . 

The regulatory framework for privacy issues is
evolving and will likely remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The occurrence of unanticipated events often rapidly drives the
adoption of legislation or regulation affecting the use of data and the way we conduct our business; in fact, there are active discussions
among U.S. legislators around adopting a new U.S. federal privacy law. Restrictions could be placed upon the collection, management,
aggregation and use of information, which could result in a material increase in the cost of collecting and maintaining certain kinds
of data. In June 2018, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, which took effect on January 1, 2020, and in November
2020, California voters approved Proposition 24, which amended the California Consumer Privacy Act and added new additional privacy protections
that began on January 1, 2023 (the C.C.P.A. ). The C.C.P.A. gives consumers the right to request disclosure of information
collected about them, and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information
(subject to certain exceptions), the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer s personal information, the right not to be discriminated
against for exercising these rights, the right to correct inaccurate personal information that a business has about them and the right
to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information collected about them. We are required to comply with the C.C.P.A. The
C.C.P.A. provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches that are expected to increase data
breach litigation. The C.C.P.A. may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Some observers have noted that the C.C.P.A.
could begin a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the U.S., which could increase our potential liability and adversely
affect our business. 

15 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual
property rights , our reputation and brand could be impaired, and we could lose customers . 

We regard our trademarks, trade secrets, and similar
intellectual property rights as critical to our success. We rely on trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality
and license agreements with employees, customers, partners, and others to protect our proprietary rights. We cannot be sure that we have
taken adequate steps to protect our proprietary rights, especially in countries where the laws may not protect our rights as fully as
in the United States. In addition, our proprietary rights may be infringed or misappropriated, and we could incur significant expenses
to preserve them. The outcome of such litigation can be uncertain, and the cost of prosecuting such litigation may adversely impact our
earnings. We have common law trademarks, as well as pending federal trademark registrations for several marks and several registered marks.
However, any registrations may not adequately cover our intellectual property or protect us against infringement by others. Effective
trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets protection may not be available in every country where our products
and services are available online. We also currently own or control a number of Internet domain names, including www.toughbuilt.com ,
and have invested time and money in purchasing domain names and other intellectual property, which may be impaired if we cannot protect
such intellectual property. We may be unable to protect these domain names or acquire or maintain relevant domain names in the United
States and other countries. If we cannot protect our trademarks, domain names, or other intellectual property, we may experience difficulties
achieving and maintaining brand recognition and customer loyalty. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual
property , our business may be adversely affected . 

We must protect the proprietary nature of the
intellectual property used in our business. There can be no assurance that trade secrets and other intellectual property will not be
challenged, invalidated, misappropriated, or circumvented by third parties. Our intellectual property includes issued patents, patent
applications, trademarks, trademark applications, and know-how related to business, product, and technology development. We plan on taking
the necessary steps, including but not limited to filing additional patents as appropriate. There is no assurance any additional patents
will be issued or that when they are issued, they will include all of the claims currently included in the applications. Even if they
do issue, those new patents and our existing patents must be protected against possible infringement. Nonetheless, we currently rely
on contractual obligations of our employees and contractors to maintain the confidentiality of our products. To compete effectively,
we need to develop and continue to maintain a proprietary position concerning our technologies, and business. The risks and uncertainties
that we face concerning intellectual property rights principally include the following: 

patent applications that we file may not result in issued patents or may take longer than expected to result in issued patents; 

we may be subject to interference proceedings; 

other companies may claim that patents applied for by, assigned, or licensed to, us infringe upon their own intellectual property
 rights; 

we may be subject to opposition proceedings in the U.S. and in foreign countries; 

any patents that are issued to us may not provide meaningful protection; 

we may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

other companies may challenge patents licensed or issued to us; 

other companies may independently develop similar or alternative technologies, or duplicate our technologies; 

other companies may design around technologies that we have licensed or developed; 

any patents issued to us may expire and competitors may utilize the technology found in such patents to commercialize their own
 products; and 

enforcement of patents is complex, uncertain, and expensive. 

16 

It is also possible that others may obtain issued
patents that could prevent us from commercializing certain aspects of our products or require us to obtain licenses requiring the payment
of significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. If we license patents, our rights will depend on maintaining
its obligations to the licensor under the applicable license agreement, and we may be unable to do so. Furthermore, there can be no assurance
that the work-for-hire, intellectual property assignment, and confidentiality agreements entered into by our employees and consultants,
advisors, and collaborators will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information in the
event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. As all of our products
are manufactured in China, India, and the Philippines, we may not have the same strength of intellectual property protection and enforcement
in such countries as in North America or Europe. The scope and enforceability of patent claims are not systematically predictable with
absolute accuracy. The strength of our patent rights depends, in part, upon the breadth and scope of protection provided by the patent
and the validity of our patents, if any. 

We may not be able to enforce our intellectual
property rights worldwide . 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems
in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, particularly
developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection. This could make it difficult
for us to stop the infringement of our patents or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. 

Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign
jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Accordingly,
our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition, changes in the law and legal
decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our technology
and the enforcement of intellectual property. If we are unable to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world adequately,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Because we are involved in litigation from
time to time and are subject to numerous laws and governmental regulations , we could incur substantial judgments , fines ,
 legal fees, other costs, and reputational harm . 

We are sometimes the subject of complaints or
litigation from customers, employees, or other third parties for various reasons. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation
proceedings could be substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were
to exceed our insurance coverage limits greatly or if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Changes in tax laws or regulations that
are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business , cash flow , financial
condition, or results of operations . 

New income, sales, use, or other tax laws, statutes,
rules, regulations, or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance.
Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely
to us. For example, legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ), enacted many
significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to
the Tax Act may affect us, and certain aspects of the Tax Act could be repealed or modified in future legislation. In addition, it is
uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act or any newly enacted federal tax legislation. Changes in corporate
tax rates, the realization of net deferred tax assets relating to our operations, the taxation of foreign earnings, and the deductibility
of expenses under the Tax Act or future reform legislation could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could
result in significant one-time charges, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. 

17 

Existing or future government regulation
could expose us to liabilities and costly changes in our business operations and could reduce customer demand for our products and services . 

We are subject to federal and state consumer protection
laws and regulations, including laws protecting the privacy of customer nonpublic information and regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive
trade practices, as well as laws and regulations governing businesses in general and the Internet and e-commerce and certain environmental
laws. Additional laws and regulations may be adopted with respect to the Internet, the effect of which on e-commerce is uncertain. These
laws may cover issues such as user privacy, spyware and the tracking of consumer activities, marketing emails and communications, other
advertising and promotional practices, money transfers, pricing, content and quality of products and services, taxation, electronic contracts,
and other communications, intellectual property rights, and information security. Furthermore, it is unclear how existing laws governing
issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, trespass, data mining and collection, and personal privacy apply to the Internet
and e-commerce. To the extent we expand into international markets, we will be faced with complying with local laws and regulations, some
of which may be materially different than U.S. laws and regulations. Any such foreign law or regulation, any new U.S. law or regulation,
or the interpretation or application of existing laws and regulations to the Internet or other online services or our business, in general,
may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations by, among other things, impeding
the growth of the Internet, subjecting us to fines, penalties, damages or other liabilities, requiring costly changes in our business
operations and practices, and reducing customer demand for our products and services. We may not maintain sufficient or any insurance
coverage to cover the types of claims or liabilities that could arise due to such regulations. 

Possible new tariffs that the United States
government might impose could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations . 

Changes in U.S. and foreign governments 
trade policies have resulted in and may continue to result in, tariffs on imports into and exports from the U.S., among other restrictions.
Throughout from 2018 to 2023, the U.S. imposed tariffs on imports from several countries, including China. If further tariffs are imposed
on imports of our products or retaliatory trade measures are taken by China or other countries in response to existing or future tariffs,
we could be forced to raise prices on all of our imported products or make changes to our operations, any of which could materially harm
our revenue or operating results. Any additional future tariffs or quotas imposed on our products or related materials may impact our
sales, gross margin, and profitability if we are unable to pass increased prices onto our customers. 

We operate in an industry with the risk
of intellectual property litigation . Claims of infringement against us may hurt our business . 

Our success depends, in part, upon the non-infringement
of intellectual property rights owned by others and being able to resolve claims of intellectual property infringement without major financial
expenditures or adverse consequences. Participants that own, or claim to own, intellectual property may aggressively assert their rights.
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others. Future litigation
may be necessary to defend us or our clients by determining the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights
or to establish its proprietary rights. Some competitors have substantially greater resources and are able to sustain the costs of complex
intellectual property litigation to a greater degree and for extended time periods. In addition, patent-holding companies that focus solely
on extracting royalties and settlements by enforcing patent rights may target us. Regardless of whether claims that we are infringing
patents or other intellectual property rights have any merit, these claims are time-consuming and costly to evaluate and defend and could: 

adversely affect relationships with future clients; 

cause delays or stoppages in providing products; 

divert management s attention and resources; 

subject us to significant liabilities; and 

require us to cease some or all of its activities. 

In addition to liability for monetary damages,
which may be tripled and may include attorneys fees or, in some circumstances, damages against clients, we may be prohibited from
developing, commercializing, or continuing to provide some or all of our products unless we obtain licenses from, and pay royalties to,
the holders of the patents or other intellectual property rights, which may not be available on commercially favorable terms, or at all. 

18 

Geopolitical conditions, including trade
disputes and direct or indirect acts of war or terrorism, could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 

Since we operate globally, our operations could
be disrupted by geopolitical conditions, trade disputes, international boycotts and sanctions, political and social instability, acts
of war, terrorist activity, or other similar events. From time to time, we could have a significant investment in a particular asset type,
a large revenue stream associated with a specific customer or industry, or a large number of customers located in a certain geographic
region. Decreased demand from a discrete event impacting a specific asset type, customer, industry, or region in which we have a concentrated
exposure could negatively impact our results of operations. 

In February 2022, Russia initiated significant
military action against Ukraine. In response, the U.S. and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions and export controls
against Russia, Belarus, and certain individuals and entities connected to Russian or Belarusian political, business, and financial organizations,
and the U.S. and certain other countries could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory actions should the
conflict continue or worsen. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the conflict, including related geopolitical tensions,
and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and other countries in respect thereof, as well as any counter-measures or
retaliatory actions by Russia or Belarus in response, including, for example, potential cyber-attacks or the disruption of energy exports,
is likely to cause regional instability, geopolitical shifts, and could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates,
regional economies and the global economy. The situation remains uncertain, and while it is difficult to predict the impact of any of
the preceding, the conflict and actions taken in response to the conflict could increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, reduce
our sales and earnings, impair our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Information Technology 

The Company s lack of formalized cybersecurity
measures and protocols exposes it to significant risks that could materially and adversely affect its business operations, financial
condition, and reputation. In particular: 

1. 
 Increased Vulnerability to Cyber Attacks : Without robust cybersecurity measures in place,
 the Company is at an elevated risk of falling victim to cyber-attacks, including, but not limited to, malware, ransomware, phishing,
 and denial-of-service attacks. Such incidents could disrupt business operations, cause the loss of critical data, and allow unauthorized
 access to sensitive information. 

2. 
 Data Breach and Loss of Confidential Information : The absence of comprehensive cybersecurity
 protocols increases the likelihood of a data breach. A breach could result in the loss or theft of proprietary business information,
 intellectual property, or personal data of employees, customers, and other stakeholders. This could expose the Company to legal liabilities,
 regulatory fines, and loss of trust among customers and partners. 

3. 
 Financial Impact : Cybersecurity incidents could impose significant financial burdens on the
 Company, including costs associated with investigation, remediation, legal fees, and potential settlements or penalties arising from
 litigation and regulatory actions. Additionally, the Company may incur substantial costs to implement remedial measures and enhance
 its cybersecurity infrastructure post-incident. 

19 

4. 
 Regulatory Compliance Risks : The Company operates in an environment that is increasingly regulated
 regarding data protection and cybersecurity. Failure to establish and maintain adequate cybersecurity measures could result in non-compliance
 with applicable laws and regulations, leading to legal penalties, sanctions, and reputational damage. 

5. 
 Reputational Damage : Cybersecurity incidents can significantly damage the Company s
 reputation and brand image. A loss of customer confidence could result in decreased demand for the Company s products and services,
 affecting its market position and long-term profitability. 

6. 
 Operational Disruptions : Cyber attacks can disrupt the Company s operational capabilities,
 impacting its ability to deliver products and services, manage supply chains, and maintain financial reporting systems. Prolonged
 disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operational performance and financial results. 

The Company acknowledges the importance of cybersecurity
and is evaluating its needs to develop and implement appropriate measures to enhance its cybersecurity posture. However, there can be
no assurance that these initiatives will sufficiently mitigate the risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The landscape of cybersecurity
risks is constantly evolving, and the Company will need to continuously assess and update its cybersecurity measures in response to emerging
threats. 

General Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities is speculative,
and there can be no assurance of a return on such an investment . 

An investment in our securities is speculative,
and there can be no assurance that investors will obtain any return on their investment. Investors may be subject to substantial risks
involved in an investment in our securities, including losing their entire investment. 

Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation
could allow the concentration of voting power in one individual, which may, among other things, delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent
directors or a takeover attempt, even if such events may benefit our stockholders . 

Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation,
such as our ability to designate and issue a class of preferred stock without stockholder approval, may delay or frustrate the removal
of incumbent directors and may prevent or delay a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving our Company that is not approved by
our board of directors Board ), even if those events may be perceived to be in the best interests of our stockholders.
For example, one or more of our affiliates could theoretically be issued a newly authorized and designated class of shares of our preferred
stock. Such shares could have significant voting power, which may dilute the voting power of our common stock, among other terms. Consequently,
anyone to whom these shares of preferred stock were issued could have sufficient voting power to significantly influence, if not control,
the outcome of all corporate matters submitted to the vote of our common stockholders, subject to the rules promulgated by Nasdaq. Those
matters could include the election of directors, changes in the size and composition of the Board, and mergers and other business combinations
involving our Company. In addition, through any such person s control of the Board and voting power, the affiliate may be able
to control certain decisions, including decisions regarding the qualification and appointment of officers, dividend policy, access to
capital (including borrowing from third-party lenders and the issuance of additional equity securities), and the acquisition or disposition
of assets by our Company. In addition, the concentration of voting power in the hands of an affiliate could have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change in control of our Company, even if the change in control would benefit our stockholders and may adversely affect
the future market price of our common stock should a trading market therefore develop. 

20 

If you purchase shares of our common stock ,
 you may experience immediate and substantial dilution in your shares net tangible book value . In addition , we
may issue shares of common stock under our equity incentive plans and additional equity or convertible debt securities in the future ,
 which may dilute investors further . 

We are currently authorized to issue up to 200,000,000
shares of common stock. In the future, we may issue previously authorized and unissued shares of common stock, which would dilute current
stockholders ownership interests. Additional shares are subject to issuance through various equity compensation plans or the exercise
of currently outstanding equity awards. The potential issuance of additional shares of common stock may create downward pressure on the
trading price of our common stock. In the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible
into or exercisable for common stock to raise capital or effectuate other business purposes. Purchasers of the shares we sell and our
existing stockholders will experience significant dilution if we sell shares at prices significantly below the price at which they invested.
In addition, to the extent we need to raise additional capital in the future and we issue additional shares of common stock or securities
convertible or exchangeable for our common stock, our then existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new securities may
have rights senior to those of our common stock offered in this offering. Any of the above events could significantly harm our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations, as well as cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Our stock price has been and may continue
to be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock has been
and may continue to be subject to material volatility. Such fluctuations could be in response to, among other things, the factors described
in this Risk Factors section or other factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as: 

the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on stock market performance; 

fluctuations in our financial results or outlook or those of companies perceived to be similar to
 us; 

changes in the prices of commodities associated with our business; 

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, or strategic partnerships; 

regulatory developments; 

litigation involving us or our general industry; 

additions or departures of key personnel; and 

changes in general economic, industry, and market conditions. 

In the past, many companies that have experienced
volatility and sustained declines in the market price of their stock have become subject to securities class action and derivative action
litigation. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other
business concerns, which could materially harm our business. Any insurance we maintain may not provide adequate coverage against potential
losses from such securities litigation, and if claims or losses exceed our liability insurance coverage, our business would be adversely
impacted. In addition, insurance coverage may become more expensive, which could harm our financial condition and results of operations. 

Other international and geopolitical events could
also have a severe adverse impact on our business. For instance, in February 2022, Russia initiated military action against Ukraine.
In October 2023, Israel initiated a military action against and Hamas in Gaza. In response, the United States and certain other countries
imposed significant sanctions and trade actions against Russia and could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory
actions. While we cannot predict the broader consequences, the conflict, and retaliatory and counter-retaliatory actions could materially
adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, inflation, regional economies, and the global economy, which in turn may increase
our costs, disrupt our supply chain, impair our ability to raise or access additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at
all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

21 

We may need but be unable to obtain additional
funding on satisfactory terms, which could dilute our stockholders or impose burdensome financial restrictions on our business. 

We have relied upon cash from financing activities,
and in the future, we hope to rely on revenues generated from operations to fund our activities cash requirements. However, there
can be no assurance that we will be able to generate any significant cash from our operating activities in the future. Future financing
may not be available on a timely basis, in sufficient amounts, or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any debt financing or other financing
of securities senior to the common stock will likely include financial and other covenants that will restrict our flexibility. Any failure
to comply with these covenants would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations
because we could lose our existing funding sources and impair our ability to secure new funding sources. 

Being a public company is expensive and
administratively burdensome. 

As a public reporting company, we are subject
to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and other federal securities laws, rules, and
regulations related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Complying
with these laws and regulations requires the time and attention of our Board and management and increases our expenses. Among other things,
we are required to: 

maintain and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the
 requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board; 

maintain policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures; 

prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities
 laws; 

institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance;
 and 

involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. 

The costs of preparing and filing annual and
quarterly reports, proxy statements, when required, and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders
is expensive and much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations may require us to
hire additional financial reporting, internal controls, and other finance personnel, and involve a material increase in regulatory, legal
and accounting expenses and the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable
regulations in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and
officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain
this coverage. 

Additionally, the expenses incurred by public
companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. These increased costs will require us to divert
a significant amount of money that we could otherwise use to develop our business. If we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public
company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, and other regulatory action, as well as potentially
civil litigation. 

We have identified material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses could continue to adversely affect our ability to report
our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise
required, every quarter, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified
through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting, so there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

22 

As described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
we identified several material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023. 

Any failure to maintain such internal control
could adversely impact on our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis, which
could result in a material adverse effect on our business. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete
understanding of our operations. Since our financial statements are not filed on time, we are subject to sanctions or investigations
by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. In addition, we would likely incur additional accounting, legal, and other costs
in connection with any remediation steps. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information, which could negatively affect our stock s trading price. 

To respond to these material weaknesses, we have
devoted significant efforts and resources committed to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting.
While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to
evaluate our research better and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our
plans at this time include investing in information technology IT systems to enhance our operational and financial reporting
and internal controls, enhancing our organizational structure to support financial reporting processes and internal controls, further
developing and documenting detailed policies and procedures regarding business processes for significant accounts, critical accounting
policies and critical accounting estimates, establishing effective general controls over IT systems to ensure that information produced
can be relied upon by process level controls is relevant and reliable, providing guidance, education and training to employees relating
to our accounting policies and procedures. Additionally, we have hired and plan to continue to hire, as resources permit, qualified accounting
personnel to manage our functional controls better and segregate responsibilities. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished
over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

We can give no assurance that the measures we
have taken and plan to take in the future, will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses
or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control
over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we successfully strengthen our controls and procedures,
in the future, those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the
fair presentation of our financial statements. 

New laws , regulations ,
 and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure may create uncertainty for public companies , increasing
legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time-consuming . 

These laws, regulations, and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, may evolve as the courts and other bodies
provide new guidance. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing
disclosure and governance practice revisions. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities
intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate
legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected. 

As a public company subject to these rules and
regulations, we may find it more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and
retain qualified members of our Board, particularly to serve on its Audit Committee and Compensation Committee, and qualified executive
officers. 

If research analysts do not publish research
about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock , our stock price and trading volume
could decline . 

The trading market for our securities may depend
partly on the research and reports that research analysts publish about us and our business. If we do not maintain adequate research
coverage, or if any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business,
the price of our common stock could decline. If one or more of our research analysts ceases to cover our company or fails to publish
reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause the price of our common stock and warrants or trading
volume to decline. 

23 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our
common stock in the foreseeable future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on its appreciation . 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently,
investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future
gains on their investments. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price
at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and Nevada law could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our Company and may affect the trading price of our
common stock . 

We are a Nevada corporation, and the anti-takeover
provisions of the Nevada Control Shares Acquisition Act may discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control by limiting the voting
rights of control shares acquired in a control share acquisition. In addition, our Articles of Incorporation and the A R Bylaws may
discourage, delay, or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Among other things,
our Articles of Incorporation and A R Bylaws: 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our Board
 could issue in response to a takeover attempt; 

provide that vacancies on our Board, including newly created directorships, may
 be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office, except a vacancy occurring because of the removal of a director without
 cause shall be filled by vote of the stockholders; and 

limit who may call special meetings of stockholders. 

These provisions could delay or prevent a change
of control, whether desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. 

The security of our IT systems may be compromised
in the event of system failures, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, and confidential information,
including nonpublic personal information that we maintain, could be improperly disclosed. 

We rely extensively on IT and systems, including
internet sites, data hosting, physical security, and software applications and platforms. Despite our security measures, our IT systems,
some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to computer viruses, attacks
by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, power outages, user errors or catastrophic events.
A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical IT systems by our employees, others with authorized
access to our systems, or unauthorized persons could negatively impact or interrupt operations. Technology, including cloud-based computing,
creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our or third-party
systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from malware or
other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our systems or lead to data leakage, internally or at our third-party providers. 

As part of our business, we maintain large amounts
of confidential information, including nonpublic personal information on customers and our employees. Breaches in security, either internally
or at our third-party providers, could result in the loss or misuse of this information, which could, in turn, result in potential regulatory
actions or litigation, including material claims for damages, interruption to our operations, damage to our reputation or otherwise have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Although we maintain information security policies
and systems designed to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information, including nonpublic personal information,
there can be no assurance that such use or disclosure will not occur. 

Any such business interruption, theft of confidential
information, reputational damage from malware or other cyber-attacks, or violation of personal information laws could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments. 

None. 

24 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 

We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying,
and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. These risks include, among other things: operational risks, intellectual
property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees or customers, and violation of data privacy or security laws. 

Identifying and assessing cybersecurity risk
is integrated into our overall risk management systems and processes. Cybersecurity risks related to our business, technical operations,
privacy, and compliance issues are identified and addressed through a multi-faceted approach including third-party assessments, internal
IT Audits, IT security, governance, risk, and compliance reviews. To defend, detect, and respond to cybersecurity incidents, we, among
other things: conduct proactive privacy and cybersecurity reviews of systems and applications, audit applicable data policies, perform
penetration testing using external third-party tools and techniques to test security controls, conduct employee training, monitor emerging
laws and regulations related to data protection and information security (including our consumer products) and implement appropriate
changes. 

We have implemented incident response and breach
management processes. In the event of an incident, the Cybersecurity team assesses, among other factors, safety impact, supply chain
and manufacturing disruption, data and personal information loss, business operations disruption, projected cost, and potential for reputational
harm, with support from external technical, legal and law enforcement support, as appropriate. 

Security events and data incidents are evaluated,
ranked by severity, and prioritized for response and remediation. Incidents are evaluated to determine materiality as well as operational,
business, and privacy impact. 

We occasionally engage third parties and consultants
to assess our internal cybersecurity programs and compliance with applicable practices and standards. 

Our risk management program also assesses third-party
risks, and we perform third-party risk management to identify and mitigate risks from third parties such as vendors, suppliers, and other
business partners associated with our use of third-party service providers. Cybersecurity risks are evaluated when determining the selection
and oversight of applicable third-party service providers when handling and/or processing our employee, business, or customer data. In
addition to new vendor onboarding, we perform risk management during third-party cybersecurity compromise incidents to identify and mitigate
risks to us from third-party incidents. 

Because we develop, process, store, and transmit
large amounts of data, including confidential, classified, sensitive, proprietary, and business and personal information, failure to prevent
or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, or other security breaches or vulnerabilities affecting our systems could:
expose us or our customers to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of such information; adversely affect our operating results; result
in litigation, liability, or regulatory action (including under laws related to privacy, data use, data protection, data security, network
security, and consumer protection); deter customers or sellers from using our products, and services; and otherwise harm our business
and reputation. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication
technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. Although we have developed systems
and processes that are designed to protect our data and prevent such incidents, including systems and processes designed to reduce the
impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor or customer, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may fail to operate
as intended or be circumvented. 

Cybersecurity Governance 

Cybersecurity is an important part of our risk
management processes and an area of focus for our Board and management. Our Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of risks
from cybersecurity threats. Members of the Audit Committee receive updates every quarter from senior management, including leaders from
our Information Security, Product Security, Compliance, and Legal teams regarding matters of cybersecurity. This includes existing and
new cybersecurity risks, the status of how management is addressing and/or mitigating those risks, cybersecurity and data privacy incidents
(if any), and the status of key information security initiatives. 

Our cybersecurity risk management and strategy
processes are overseen by leaders from our Information Technology, Information Security, Product Security, Compliance, and Legal teams.
Such individuals have extensive prior work experience in various roles involving information technology, including security, auditing,
compliance, systems, and programming. These individuals are informed about and monitor the prevention, mitigation, detection, and remediation
of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes
described above, including the operation of our incident response plan, and report to the Audit Committee. 

The Company acknowledges the increasing importance
of cybersecurity in today s digital and interconnected world. Cybersecurity threats pose significant risks to the integrity of
our systems and data, potentially impacting our business operations, financial condition, and reputation. 

25 

As a smaller reporting company, we currently
do not have formalized cybersecurity measures, a dedicated cybersecurity team, or specific protocols to manage cybersecurity risks. Our
approach to cybersecurity is in the developmental stage, and we have not yet conducted comprehensive risk assessments, established an
incident response plan, or engaged with external cybersecurity consultants for assessments or services. 

Given our current stage of cybersecurity development,
we have not experienced any significant cybersecurity incidents to date. However, we recognize that the absence of a formalized cybersecurity
framework may leave us vulnerable to cyber-attacks, data breaches, and other cybersecurity incidents. Such events could potentially lead
to unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, sensitive information, disrupt our business operations, result in regulatory fines or litigation
costs, and negatively impact our reputation among customers and partners. 

The Company is in the process of evaluating our
cybersecurity needs and developing appropriate measures to enhance our cybersecurity posture. This includes considering the engagement
of external cybersecurity experts to advise on best practices, conducting vulnerability assessments, and developing an incident response
strategy. Our goal is to establish a cybersecurity framework that is commensurate with our size, complexity, and the nature of our operations,
thereby reducing our exposure to cybersecurity risks. 

Despite our efforts to improve our cybersecurity
measures, there can be no assurance that our initiatives will fully mitigate the risks posed by cyber threats. The landscape of cybersecurity
risks is constantly evolving, and the Company will continue to assess and update our cybersecurity measures in response to emerging threats. 

For a discussion of potential cybersecurity risks
affecting the Company, please refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors - Risks Related to IT in this report. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We lease approximately 15,500 square feet of
office space at 8669 Research Drive, Irvine, California 92618 as our principal executive office. This lease commenced on December 1,
2019 and matures on March 31, 2025, with no rent due from December 1, 2019 to April 1, 2020. From April 1, 2020, through March 31, 2025,
base rent is due on the first of each month for 25,200. We paid an initial amount of 68,128, comprising the rent for April 2020, a
security deposit, and the amount due for property taxes, insurance, and association fees. The base rent shall be adjusted on the following
dates as follows: 

From: 12/1/2022-11/30/2023 

28,347 

From:12/1/2023-11/30/2024 

29,480 

From: 12/1/2024-03/31/2025 

29,480 

The lease otherwise contains commercial market
terms for events of default, termination, and the like. 

The Company entered into two other leases with
PCS Properties 2, LLC PCS for additional space in Irvine, California. The leases commenced on March 1, 2022, and
June 1, 2022 and mature on February 28, 2027 and May 31, 2027. Base rent is initially 16,250 and 48,379, with escalations contained
in the lease through February 28, 2027, and May 31, 2027. On May 29, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement and mutual
release with PCS terminating our lease agreement for premises at 8687 Research Drive, Irvine, California. This settlement resolves all
disputes and allows the Company to avoid the expense and risk of further litigation. 

The Company entered into a lease agreement with Aviva Life and Pensions
UK Limited Aviva for office space on April 19, 2022 for a five-year term. The lease commenced on April 18, 2023 and matures
on January 17, 2027. The quarterly base rent for the lease is 38,759 with no escalation of rent increases. 

The Company entered into a lease agreement for
office space with Concord Property Development, LLC Concord in North Carolina on May 1, 2023 for a five year term. The
Company paid a security deposit of 24,000 and the monthly base rent was 24,246 with an annual escalation of rent increase at 2 . The
landlord completed the improvements to the office space and the lease commenced on December 1, 2023. On June 6, 2024, the Company entered
into a settlement agreement with Concord and have resolved all disputes arising from nonpayment of rent. Concord has released and forever
discharged the Company from any claims, demands, damages, liabilities, or causes of action related to the lease and the dispute. The
agreement also specifies that it is not to be considered an admission of liability by any party. 

The Company entered into a lease agreement for
office space in Columbia on August 15, 2023 for a two year term. The Company paid a security deposit totaling 24,511 at the inception
of the lease. The monthly base rent was 3,500 with no annual escalation of rent increases. 

As our business efforts increase, we intend to
seek additional leased space, which will include some warehouse facilities. 

26 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits,
claims, investigations, and proceedings, including pending opposition proceedings involving patents that arise in the ordinary course
of business. No matters are pending that we expect to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial
condition, or cash flows, except as set forth below. 

An unfavorable outcome in any specific period
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for that period or future periods. Other than as described below, we
are not a party to any material pending or threatened legal proceedings. 

October 7, 2022 Litigation 

On October 7, 2022, a shareholder derivative action
was initiated by a stockholder Plaintiff against us, Michael Panosian, Joshua Keeler, Zareh Khachatoorian, Martin Galstyan,
et al. Defendants ), in Nevada s Eighth Judicial District Court, Case No. A-22-859580-B. The Plaintiff alleged breaches
of fiduciary duties by the Defendants, accusing them of failing in their duties in relation to a registered direct offering of Series
F and G preferred stock in February 2022, and a 1-for-150 reverse stock split in April 2022. The Plaintiff sought damages exceeding 10,000,
attorney fees, an accounting of books and records, equity relief, and reimbursement of legal costs. 

The Company s board formed a special litigation
committee SLC on May 13, 2022, to assess the claims. After review, the SLC, supported by third-party legal counsel, found
no misconduct by Defendants and recommended against pursuing the Plaintiff s claims, a decision upheld by the board on November
4, 2022. A Motion to Dismiss was filed by the SLC on October 12, 2023, and after a hearing on February 14, 2024, the court dismissed the
case on March 18, 2024, agreeing that the SLC s investigation met Nevada s legal standards and upheld the business judgment
rule. Following Plaintiff s appeal of the District Court s Order dismissing the derivative claims to the Nevada Supreme Court,
Plaintiff filed a Motion for Reconsideration under Rule 60 of the Nevada Rules of Civil Procedure based upon the argument that new evidence
demonstrated that at least one member of the SLC was not independent. Following full briefing and oral argument on the Plaintiff s
motion, the District Court issued a Minute Order on October 17, 2024, denying the motion. As the Court recognized, there can be no question
that at least two members of the SLC were independent, which is a more than sufficient number under Nevada law. The District Court instructed
counsel for the SLC to submit a formal draft order for the District Court s review and signature. The Plaintiff s appeal of
the dismissal of the derivative claims is still pending and remains in the Nevada Supreme Court settlement program. 

June 22, 2023 Litigation 

On June 22, 2023, PCS Properties 2, LLC Plaintiff initiated a lawsuit the Company in the Superior Court of California, County of Orange, alleging breach of a lease agreement dated December
10, 2021, for property at 8687 Research Drive, Irvine, California. The Plaintiff claimed unpaid rent of approximately 124,800 as of May
31, 2023, and sought damages including future rent through the lease s term ending May 31, 2027, totaling at least 2,374,278, minus
avoidable costs. Additional claims included recovery costs for the premises, reletting expenses, attorney fees, leasing commissions, prejudgment
interest, and court fees. 

 On May 29, 2024, both parties reached a
 settlement, entering into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, effectively resolving all litigation. Concurrently, they
 executed a Stipulation for Entry of Judgment in case of the Company s default on settlement payments, to be held by
 PCS s counsel and filed in court without further notice to the Company if necessary. Under the Agreement, each party is
 responsible for its own legal fees and costs. The Company agreed to pay PCS 361,000 in full settlement, has paid 118,000 in June
 2024 and 118,000 in July 2024, and paid the remaining balance of 125,000 on October 09, 2024. Both parties agreed to a general
 release of all past and present claims related to the litigation, with an explicit waiver of California Civil Code Section 1542. The
 Agreement contains no admission of liability by any party. This settlement concludes all disputes from the litigation, allowing the
 Company to avoid further litigation costs and risks. 

June 6, 2023 Litigation 

On June 6, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement
Agreement with Concord Property Development, LLC Landlord to resolve a dispute arising from nonpayment of rent under a
Commercial Lease Agreement dated October 31, 2022, for commercial premises located at 500 South Main Street, Suite 101, Mooresville, North
Carolina. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Landlord a total settlement amount of Six Hundred
Sixty-Six Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-Eight Dollars 666,388 in four scheduled payments: (i) paid 100,000 on June 30, 2024; (ii) paid
 200,000 on July 31, 2024; (iii) paid 183,194 on August 31, 2024; and (iv) paid 183,194 on September 30, 2024 pursuant to the terms
of Settlement Agreement. The Settlement Agreement stipulates that upon the Company s timely payment of the full settlement amount,
the Landlord will release and forever discharge the Company from any claims, demands, damages, liabilities, or causes of action related
to the lease and the dispute. Additionally, the Settlement Agreement provides that in the event of the Company s default on its
payment obligations, the Landlord is entitled to record a Confession of Judgment against the Company, creditable with any payments made.
The Agreement also specifies that it is not to be considered an admission of liability by any party. This settlement concludes all disputes
from the litigation, allowing the Company to avoid further litigation costs and risks. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

27 

PART
II 

Item 5. The market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently listed on OTC Expert
Market under the symbol TBLT, and warrants under the symbol TBLTW. Trading in our common stock has historically
lacked consistent volume, and the market price has been volatile. 

Holders of Common Stock 

On December 20, 2024, there were 161 holders of
record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our common
stock. We anticipate that we will retain funds and future earnings to support operations and finance the growth and development of our
business. Therefore, we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future following this offering. Any future determination
to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements,
and other factors that our Board deems relevant. In addition, the terms of any future debt or credit financing may preclude us from paying
dividends. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

The Company previously disclosed all prior issuances
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or current reports on Form 8-K. 

Equity Plan Information 

EQUITY PLAN INFORMATION 

Plan Category: 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights: 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights: 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance: 

2018 Equity Incentive Plan: 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 6 
 380,250.00 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 6 
 380,250.00 
 - 

2022 Equity Incentive Plan: (1) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 20,769 
 116.35 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 20,769 
 116.35 
 - 

Total 
 20,776 
 226.13 
 - 

(1) 
 The 2022 Plan contains an evergreen formula pursuant to which the number of shares
 of common stock available for issuance under the 2022 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year during
 the term of the 2022 Plan, beginning with the calendar year 2023, by a number of shares of common stock so that the total amount
 of common stock available under the 2022 Plan is equal to 15 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 st
 of the prior calendar year. 

28 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Prospective investors should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes
and other financial information included in this annual report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or
set forth elsewhere in this annual report, including information concerning our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking
statements involving risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . This discussion
should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.
We may use certain non-generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) financial measures in this discussion. An explanation of these
non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Investors should not consider non-GAAP financial measures
in isolation or substitutes for financial information presented in compliance with GAAP. 

Business Overview 

We were formed to design, manufacture, and distribute
innovative tools and accessories to the building industry. The global tool market industry is a multibillion-dollar business. 

Our business is based on the development of innovative
and state-of-the-art products, primarily in the tools and hardware category. We particularly focus on the building and construction industry,
with the ultimate goal of making life easier and more productive for contractors and workers alike. 

Our three major categories contain a total of
22 product lines, consisting of (i) Soft Goods, which include kneepads, tool bags, pouches, and tool belts; (ii) Metal Goods, which consists
of sawhorses, tool stands, utility knives, aviation snips, shears, tape measures and chalk reels; and (iii) Electronic Goods, which includes
lasers and levels. We also have several additional categories and product lines in various stages of development. 

We are continuing to focus our efforts on increased
marketing campaigns and distribution programs to strengthen the demand for our products globally. Management anticipates that our capital
resources will improve, and our products will gain wider market recognition and acceptance, resulting in increased product sales. 

As discussed below, we have faced the impacts
of COVID-19 and inflation and experienced a revenue decline between fiscal 2022 and 2023 of 19.9 . We have incurred substantial operating
losses since our inception and anticipate incurring additional losses for the foreseeable future until such time, if ever, that we can
commercialize our technology currently in development. Our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern in their audit report included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To fund our operations and grow our business, we will
be required to fund our capital requirements through the sale of debt or equity securities or other arrangements to fund operations. There
can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. If we cannot obtain such additional
financing, future operations will need to be scaled back or discontinued. See Liquidity and Capital Resources; Going Concern 
below and Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Going Concern and We will require additional capital in order to
achieve commercial success and, if necessary, to finance future losses from operations as we endeavor to build revenue, but we do not
have any commitments to obtain such capital, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain adequate capital as and when required. 

29 

Business Developments 

The following highlights recent material developments
in our business: 

In January 2023, we launched over 40 SKUs in the Handheld Screwdrivers segment, including ratcheting
 bit drivers, insulated screwdrivers, precision, slotted, Phillips, Torx cabinet screwdrivers, and demolition drivers. 

In January 2023, we expanded our distribution agreement with Sodimac, South America s largest home
 improvement and construction supplier. In this extended agreement, stores in Chile, Peru, Argentina, Colombia, Brazil, and Uruguay
 will initially begin with 15 SKUs in-store and bring 23 SKUs to Sodimac s online marketplace. 

In January 2023, we launched more than 20 new SKUs in the Handheld Wrench segment, including adjustable
 wrenches, construction wrenches, and pipe wrenches. 

In February 2023, we launched our new line of pliers and clamps. The new line, comprised of more
 than 40 SKUs, will be made available for purchase through leading U.S. home improvement retailers and across ToughBuilt s growing
 strategic networks of North American and global trade partners and buying groups, servicing over 18,900 storefronts and online portals
 worldwide. 

In August 2023, the Company expanded its distribution in the European Union with two major retail
 groups, La Platforme Du Batiment and Prolians, servicing professional customers in France and Spain. 

In August 2023, the Company expanded its product distribution to customers in the United Kingdom
 through new business with Howdens UK and City Electrical Factors UK CEF ), marking entry into a combined network of
 more than 1,200 retail locations nationwide. 

In October 2023, the Company launched its StackTech product line, initially rolling out more than
 25 SKUs. StackTech is an intuitive modular storage toolbox system, and StackTech is the world s first auto-locking stacking
 tool storage solution with 14 unique features. 

Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 

As a result of a number of factors, our historical
results of operations may not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods, and our results of operations may not be
directly comparable from period to period. Below is a brief discussion of the key factors impacting our results of operations. 

Seasonality 

Our revenues are not seasonal. However, we usually experience a spike
in sales when introducing new products. 

Inflation 

Prices of certain commodity products,
including raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from domestic and international supply
and demand changes, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, trade restrictions, and tariffs.
Increasing prices in the component materials for the parts of our goods may impact on our products availability, quality, and
price as suppliers search for alternatives to existing materials and increase the prices they charge. Our suppliers may also fail to
provide consistent quality products as they may substitute materials at lower costs to maintain pricing levels. Rapid and
significant changes in commodity prices may negatively affect our profit margins. We may be unable to mitigate any inflationary
increases through various customer pricing actions and cost-reduction initiatives. To offset increased prices charged by our
manufacturers and shipping rates, we increased the prices of our products in 2023 and 2024, respectively. 

Supply Chain 

We acquire most of our products from
 manufacturers and distributors in China, India, and the Philippines. We do not have any long-term contracts or exclusive agreements
 with our foreign suppliers that would ensure our ability to acquire the types and quantities of products we desire at acceptable
 prices and in a timely manner. We utilize a number of techniques to address potential disruption and other risks relating to our
 supply chain, including, in certain cases, the use of other qualified suppliers. We reduced our inventory from 40.4 million at
 December 31, 2022 to 21.3 million at December 31, 2023. Due to our inventory levels in 2023, the supply chain disruptions in 2023
 have not had a material adverse effect on our operations. We do not anticipate that any continued supply chain disruptions that will
 have a material adverse effect on our operations for the fiscal year 2024. See Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors: Disruptions
 in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our
 business. 

30 

Results of Operations 

The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2023,
compared to the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Revenues 

Revenues, net of returns and allowances, for the
years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 were 76.3 million and 95.3 million, respectively, and consisted of metal goods, soft goods,
and electronic goods sold to customers. Revenues decreased in 2023 over 2022 by 19.0 million or 19.9 , primarily due to the Company not
being able to fulfill the open orders due to lack of inventory on hand and working capital. 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Cost of goods sold for the years ended December
31, 2023, and 2022 was 59.9 million and 70.0 million, respectively. Cost of goods sold decreased in 2023 over 2022 by 10.2 million,
or 14.5 , primarily due to lack of fulfilling and shipping the open orders on hand. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues in
2023 increased to 78.5 , as compared to the cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues in 2022 of 73.5 primarily due to the manufacturing
facilities increasing the products prices in 2023 compared to 2022. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses consist of selling, general
and administrative expenses, and research and development costs. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses (the
 SG A Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were 56.0 million and 66.2 million, respectively. SG A
Expenses decreased in 2023 over 2022 by 10.1 million, or 15.3 , primarily due to decrease in salaries and headcount, and better management
of expenses. SG A Expenses in 2023 as a percentage of revenues increased to 73.5 , as compared to 69.5 in 2022. 

Impairment of property and equipment totaled 5,583,290 or 7.3 of
revenues, consisting of impairment of App development of mobile devices of 4,093,533 and website design of 1,489,757 for the year ended
December 31, 2023, compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management performed an analysis of property and equipment and
decided to impair the assets that were deemed non-producing. 

Research and development costs (the R D for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 were 12.0 million and 11.3 million, respectively. R D costs increased in 2023 over
2022 by 0.7 million or 6.2 primarily due to the development costs of new tools for the construction industry. 

Other income (expense) 

Other
income for the year ended December 31, 2023, was 10.8 million, consisted of interest expense of 1.7 million, warrant expense of 0.5
million, inducement expense of 6.4 million, and change in fair value of warrant derivative liability of 19.4 million. Other income
for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 13.0 million, consisted of interest expense of 1.9 million, warrant expense of 1.9 million,
and change in the fair value of warrant derivative liability of 16.8 million. 

31 

Net loss 

Due to the factors set forth above, we recorded
a net loss of 46.4 million and 39.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The increase in net loss
is mainly attributable to the 19.0 million reduction in revenues, increase in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues, offset
by reduction in operating expenses of 3.9 million, and reduction in other income by 2.2 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources; Going
Concern 

At December 31, 2023, we reported approximately
 1.2 million cash on hand, 10.2 million in accounts receivable, and 52.2 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses. We reported
a working capital deficit of 26.6 million as of December 31, 2023. Our sales decreased by 19.9 for the year ended December 31, 2023,
compared to the same period in 2022. We are continuing to focus our efforts on increased marketing campaigns and distribution programs
to strengthen the demand for our products globally. Management anticipates that our capital resources will improve, and our products will
gain wider market recognition and acceptance, resulting in increased product sales. 

We have incurred substantial operating losses
since our inception. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 191.4 million at December 31, 2023, a net loss of approximately 46.4 million, and net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately 5.1 million. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We anticipate incurring
additional losses until we will be able to effectively market our products and technology currently in development. We will need additional
financing to fund our operations and to develop and commercialize our technology. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. We do not have sufficient capital to fund our operations for the next 12 months. To date, we have
funded our operations primarily by selling equity securities. As reported on a Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024, we closed
a public offering of common stock, pre-funded warrants, and warrants with net proceeds of 3.1 million after deducting private placement
agent fees and commissions and other expenses. We believe that such net proceeds will fund to settle some of our accounts payable. 

 For
the 12 months from issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the subsequent 12 months, we intend to fund our capital requirements
by selling debt or equity securities or other arrangements to fund operations. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to
raise the capital needed under acceptable terms. The sale of additional equity may dilute existing stockholders, and newly issued shares
may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding shares of common stock. Issued debt securities may contain
covenants and limit our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders. If we are unable to obtain such additional
financing, future operations would need to be scaled back or discontinued. Due to the uncertainty in our ability to raise capital, management
believes that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance of these
consolidated financial statements. 

Cash Flows 

Net cash flows used in operating activities for
the year ended December 31, 2023 was 5.1 million, attributable to a net loss of 46.4 million, offset by depreciation expense of 5.8
million, allowance for credit losses of 4.5 million, inducement expense of 6.4 million, stock compensation expense of 0.5 million,
loss on sale of property and equipment of 0.02 million, impairment of property and equipment of 5.6 million, amortization of right-of-use
assets of 1.3 million, amortization of patents of 0.1 million, write-down of patents of 0.2 million, gain on abandonment of a lease
of 0.1 million, change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability of 19.4 million, interest paid on short-term
loan of 0.1 million; warrant issuance cost of 0.5 million, and net change in operating assets and liabilities of 35.9 million. Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 37.3 million, attributable primarily to a net loss of
 39.3 million, offset by depreciation expense of 4.2 million, bad debt expense of 2.9 million, stock-based compensation expense of 0.8
million, amortization of right-of-use asset of 0.7 million, change in fair value of warrant derivatives of 16.8 million, warrant issuance
costs of 1.9 million, and net change in operating assets and liabilities of 8.3 million. We offered cash discounts to our customers
and factors to accelerate accounts receivable payments. In addition, we negotiated extended payment terms with suppliers, vendors, and
related parties to conserve cash. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2023 was 2.6 million due to cash paid for the purchase of other assets of 0.1 million and purchase of property
and equipment of 2.5 million. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.0 million, attributable
to net cash paid for purchase of property and equipment of 5.0 million and from the proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2023 was 6.2 million, primarily attributable to the net cash received from exercise and conversion of warrants
of 3.1 million and cash received from sale of common stock and warrants of 3.9 million, cash proceeds of 0.7 million received from
loans payable, and cash paid of 1.5 million in repayments on loans payable. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 37.4 million, primarily attributable to the net cash proceeds of 6.0 million from exercise of warrants, repurchase
of common stock warrants of 2.5 million, cash proceeds from issuance of common stock of 33.0 million, net proceeds from loan payable
of 1.7 million, and repayment of loans payable of 0.7 million. 

32 

We
recorded a net decrease in cash of 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Material Cash Requirements from Known Contractual
and Other Obligations 

The following table summarizes our operating lease
contractual obligations for the year ending December 31, 2024 and thereafter: 

For the years ending December 31, 

2024 
 1,098,703 
 
 2025 
 791,431 
 
 2026 
 723,188 
 
 2027 
 426,830 
 
 2028 
 262,446 
 
 Total lease payments 
 3,302,598 
 
 Less: imputed interest 
 (402,517 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 
 2,900,081 

The Company had recorded a short-term loan payable
to a third party totaling 288,588 as of December 31, 2023. Such loan and accrued interest was paid in full to the third party as of March
28, 2024. 

We intend to fund our contractual obligations
with working capital. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to recognition of revenue
including rebates, returns and allowances, valuation of accounts receivable, valuation of long-lived assets, fair value of financial instruments
and fair value measurements. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other
factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities, and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The
actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there
are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. 

The Company s financial position, results of operations and cash
flows are impacted by the accounting policies the Company has adopted. In order to get a full understanding of the Company s
financial statements, one must have a clear understanding of the accounting policies employed. 

Restatement of Previously Filed Quarterly
Statements 2023 Form 10-Qs 

Management determined that our financial statements
which were included in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and September 30, 2023 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, should no longer be relied upon due to errors relating to the recording and reporting
of transactions in operating assts and liabilities accounts on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations. The errors occurred primarily due to an incorrect interface and mapping of our chart of accounts during the implementation
of a new financial reporting application and due to ineffective controls relating to information technology, particularly in reviewing
system implementations, user provisioning, user rights, and service organization control reports.. Management identified the errors during
the Company s year end audit of its fiscal year 2023 and restated its quarterly statements (See Part II - Item 9A). 

 As a result of the restatement included herein,
we reported net loss for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 of 8,228,431, which was 46,731 less than the net loss previously reported
in the March 31, 2023 Original Form 10-Q, net loss for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 of 6,974,485 and six months ended June 30, 2023
of 15,202,916, which was 1,249,115 more for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, and 1,202,384 for the six months ended June 30, 2023 than
the net loss reported in the previously reported in the June 30, 2023 Original Form 10-Q, and net loss for the quarter ended September
30, 2023 of 14,516,988 and nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 29,719,904, which was 268,414 more for the quarter ended September
30, 2023, and 1,470,799 than the net loss reported in the September 30, 2023 Original Forms 10-Q. 

33 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31,
2023 - Restated 

March 31, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Current Assets 

Cash 
 2,357,204 
 (329,783 
 2,027,421 
 
 Accounts Receivables, net 
 12,473,777 
 1,963,189 
 14,436,966 
 
 Inventory 
 32,664,029 
 2,753,362 
 35,417,391 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 
 921,178 
 (41,376 
 879,802 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 48,416,188 
 4,345,392 
 52,761,580 

Property equipment 
 18,556,882 
 4,115 
 18,560,997 
 
 Right of use assets 
 4,150,863 
 - 
 4,150,863 
 
 Other assets 
 2,786,236 
 (792,418 
 1,993,818 
 
 Total Assets 
 73,910,169 
 3,557,089 
 77,467,258 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 34,975,111 
 (3,118 
 34,971,993 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 3,310,663 
 3,507,398 
 6,818,061 
 
 Lease liability, current maturities 
 979,143 
 - 
 979,143 
 
 Short term loan payable 
 1,241,248 
 - 
 1,241,248 
 
 Warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 8,631,313 
 - 
 8,631,313 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 49,137,478 
 3,504,280 
 52,641,758 

Lease liability, net of current maturities 
 3,224,770 
 - 
 3,224,770 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 52,362,248 
 3,504,280 
 55,866,528 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 
 1,495 
 (1,472 
 23 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 174,774,641 
 1,472 
 174,776,113 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 - 
 6,078 
 6,078 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (153,228,215 
 46,731 
 (153,181,484 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 21,547,921 
 52,809 
 21,600,730 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 73,910,169 
 3,557,089 
 77,467,258 

35 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations - Restated 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Revenues, Net of Allowances 

Metal goods 
 8,449,294 
 (1,495,144 
 6,954,150 
 
 Soft goods 
 9,807,138 
 268,008 
 10,075,146 
 
 Electronic goods 
 1,956,279 
 (124,041 
 1,832,238 
 
 Total Revenues, Net of Allowances 
 20,212,711 
 (1,351,177 
 18,861,534 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Metal goods 
 6,965,287 
 (1,160,407 
 5,804,880 
 
 Soft goods 
 7,712,538 
 641,397 
 8,353,935 
 
 Electronic goods 
 1,977,614 
 (73,405 
 1,904,209 
 
 Total Cost of Goods Sold 
 16,655,439 
 (592,415 
 16,063,024 

Gross Profit 
 3,557,272 
 (758,762 
 2,798,510 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 
 15,090,116 
 (805,493 
 14,284,623 
 
 Research and development 
 3,527,521 
 - 
 3,527,521 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 18,617,637 
 (805,493 
 17,812,144 

Income (Loss) from Operations 
 (15,060,365 
 (46,731 
 (15,013,634 

Other Income (Expense) 

Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 7,484,960 
 - 
 7,484,960 
 
 Interest expense 
 (699,757 
 - 
 (699,757 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 6,785,203 
 - 
 6,785,203 

Net Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Provision 
 (8,275,162 
 (46,731 
 (8,228,431 

Income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net Income (Loss) 
 (8,275,162 
 (46,731 
 (8,228,431 

Redemption of Series D Preferred Stock deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 (8,275,162 
 (46,731 
 (8,228,431 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 
 (36.54 
 (0.21 
 (36.33 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 226,466 
 
 226,466 

36 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Restated 

March 31, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Net loss 
 (8,275,162 
 46,731 
 (8,228,431 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile from net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 1,152,353 
 - 
 1,152,353 
 
 Amortization of right of use assets 
 264,996 
 - 
 264,996 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 (7,484,960 
 - 
 (7,484,960 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 115,139 
 - 
 115,139 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable, net 
 4,336,882 
 (1,963,189 
 2,373,693 
 
 Inventory 
 7,701,257 
 (2,753,362 
 4,947,895 
 
 Prepaid assets 
 (551,386 
 41,376 
 (510,010 
 
 Other assets 
 (895,456 
 792,418 
 (103,038 
 
 Accounts payable 
 4,352,612 
 (3,118 
 4,349,494 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 299,749 
 3,503,283 
 3,803,032 
 
 Lease liability 
 (233,097 
 - 
 (233,097 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 782,927 
 (335,861 
 447,066 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 (1,257,625 
 - 
 (1,257,625 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,257,625 
 
 (1,257,625 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from loan payable 
 412,589 
 - 
 412,589 
 
 Repayments of loan payable 
 (144,924 
 - 
 (144,924 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 267,665 
 - 
 267,665 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 
 - 
 6,078 
 6,078 
 
 Net decrease in cash 
 (207,033 
 (329,783 
 (536,816 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 
 2,564,237 
 - 
 2,564,237 
 
 Cash, end of period 
 2,357,204 
 (329,783 
 2,027,421 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 699,757 
 
 699,757 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 
 951,227 
 
 951,227 
 
 Repayment of short-term loan payable in exchange of new short-term loan payable 
 714,411 
 
 714,411 

37 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - Restated 

June 30, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Current Assets 

Cash 
 2,206,565 
 (361,654 
 1,844,911 
 
 Accounts Receivables, net 
 7,820,611 
 1,913,128 
 9,733,739 
 
 Inventory 
 31,411,395 
 5,796,491 
 37,207,886 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 
 48,164 
 343,280 
 391,444 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 41,486,735 
 7,691,245 
 49,177,980 

Property equipment 
 19,618,726 
 - 
 19,618,726 
 
 Right of use assets 
 4,386,414 
 - 
 4,386,414 
 
 Other assets 
 2,059,288 
 2,597 
 2,061,885 
 
 Total Assets 
 67,551,163 
 7,693,842 
 75,245,005 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 36,864,439 
 (771,360 
 36,093,079 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 3,433,090 
 9,620,070 
 13,053,160 
 
 Lease liability, current maturities 
 1,182,351 
 - 
 1,182,351 
 
 Short term loan payable 
 1,214,028 
 - 
 1,214,028 
 
 Warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 4,985,387 
 - 
 4,985,387 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 47,679,295 
 8,848,710 
 56,528,005 

Lease liability, net of current maturities 
 3,383,967 
 - 
 3,383,967 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 51,063,262 
 8,848,710 
 59,911,972 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 
 40 
 - 
 40 
 
 Additional paid in capital 
 175,441,446 
 (185 
 175,441,261 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 - 
 47,702 
 47,702 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (158,953,585 
 (1,202,385 
 (160,155,970 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 16,487,901 
 (1,154,868 
 15,333,033 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 67,551,163 
 7,693,842 
 75,245,005 

38 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations -
Restated 

For the Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 
 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Revenues, Net of Allowances 

Metal goods 
 8,012,855 
 (619,314 
 7,393,541 
 17,280,949 
 (2,933,258 
 14,347,691 
 
 Soft goods 
 9,913,780 
 (1,167,195 
 8,746,585 
 18,897,537 
 (75,806 
 18,821,731 
 
 Electronic goods 
 952,934 
 (116,704 
 836,230 
 2,913,793 
 (245,325 
 2,668,468 
 
 Total Revenues, Net of Allowances 
 18,879,569 
 (1,903,213 
 16,976,356 
 39,092,279 
 (3,254,389 
 35,837,890 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Metal goods 
 5,453,794 
 49,214 
 5,503,008 
 12,576,597 
 (1,268,709 
 11,307,888 
 
 Soft goods 
 6,726,078 
 (893,541 
 5,832,537 
 14,613,702 
 (427,230 
 14,186,472 
 
 Electronic goods 
 858,724 
 (45,314 
 813,410 
 2,503,737 
 213,882 
 2,717,619 
 
 Total Cost of Goods Sold 
 13,038,596 
 (889,641 
 12,148,955 
 29,694,036 
 (1,482,057 
 28,211,979 

Gross Profit 
 5,840,973 
 (1,013,572 
 4,827,401 
 9,398,243 
 (1,772,332 
 7,625,911 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 
 14,967,257 
 384,580 
 15,351,837 
 30,046,444 
 (409,984 
 29.636.460 
 
 Research and development 
 2,913,403 
 (119,587 
 2,793,816 
 6,440,924 
 (119,587 
 6,321,337 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 17,880,660 
 264,993 
 18,145,653 
 36,487,368 
 (529,571 
 35,957,797 

Income (Loss) from Operations 
 (12,039,687 
 1,278,565 
 (13,318,252 
 (27,089,125 
 1,242,761 
 (28,331,886 

Other Income (Expense) 

Warrant issuance cost 
 (351,768 
 - 
 (351,768 
 (351,768 
 - 
 (351,768 
 
 Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 7,242,510 
 - 
 7,242,510 
 14,727,470 
 - 
 14,727,470 
 
 Interest expense 
 (576,425 
 (29,450 
 (546,975 
 (1,287,109 
 (40,377 
 (1,246,732 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 6,314,317 
 (29,450 
 6,343,767 
 13,088,593 
 (40,377 
 13,128,970 

Net Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Provision 
 (5,725,370 
 1,249,115 
 (6,974,485 
 (14,000,532 
 1,202,384 
 (15,202,916 

Income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net Income (Loss) 
 (5,725,370 
 1,249,115 
 (6,974,485 
 (14,000,532 
 1,202,384 
 (15,202,916 

Redemption of Series D Preferred Stock deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 (5,725,370 
 1,249,115 
 (6,974,485 
 (14,000,532 
 1,202,384 
 (15,202,916 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 
 (23.57 
 5.14 
 (28.71 
 (59.64 
 5.12 
 (64.76 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 242,934 
 
 242,934 
 234,745 
 
 234,745 

39 

Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Restated 

June 30, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (14,000,532 
 (1,202,384 
 (15,202,916 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile from net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 2,608,776 
 - 
 2,608,776 
 
 Provision for credit losses 
 1,300,000 
 - 
 1,300,000 
 
 Amortization of right of use of assets 
 734,405 
 - 
 734,405 
 
 Warrant issuance cost 
 351,768 
 - 
 351,768 
 
 Loss on sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 16,652 
 16,652 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 (14,727,470 
 - 
 (14,727,470 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 228,656 
 - 
 228,656 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable, net 
 7,690,048 
 (1,913,128 
 5,776,920 
 
 Inventory 
 8,953,891 
 (5,796,491 
 3,157,400 
 
 Prepaid assets 
 321,628 
 (343,280 
 (21,652 
 
 Other assets 
 (168,508 
 (2,597 
 (171,105 
 
 Accounts payable 
 4,715,352 
 (771,361 
 3,943,991 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 422,177 
 9,603,417 
 10,025,594 

Lease liability 
 (575,652 
 - 
 (575,652 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,145,461 
 409,172 
 (2,554,633 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 (2,249,304 
 - 
 (2,249,304 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,249,304 
 - 
 (2,249,304 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from short term loan payable 
 412,589 
 - 
 412,589 
 
 Repayments of short-term loan payable 
 (172,144 
 - 
 (172,144 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of costs 
 3,796,648 
 (184 
 3,796,464 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,037,093 
 (184 
 4,036,909 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 
 - 
 47,702 
 47,702 

Net decrease in cash 
 (357,672 
 (361,654 
 (719,326 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 
 2,564,237 
 - 
 2,564,237 
 
 Cash, end of period 
 2,206,565 
 (361,654 
 1,844,911 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 1,261,457 
 
 1,261,457 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial fair value of warrants and preferred investment option liability 
 3,596,484 
 
 3,596,584 
 
 Initial value of lease liability 
 704,960 
 
 704,960 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 
 2,477,816 
 
 2,477,816 
 
 Repayment of short-term loan payable in exchange of new short-term loan payable 
 714,411 
 
 714,411 

40 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - Restated 

September 30, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Current Assets 

Cash 
 1,834,305 
 107,659 
 1,941,964 
 
 Accounts Receivables, net 
 8,992,889 
 3,194,315 
 12,187,204 
 
 Inventory 
 28,070,889 
 4,861,332 
 32,932,221 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 
 543,343 
 (123,040 
 420,303 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 39,441,426 
 8,040,266 
 47,481,692 

Property equipment 
 18,904,135 
 - 
 18,904,135 
 
 Right of use assets 
 4,021,988 
 - 
 4,021,988 
 
 Other assets 
 2,165,301 
 1,482 
 2,166,783 
 
 Total Assets 
 64,532,850 
 8,041,748 
 72,574,598 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 41,091,115 
 5,933,524 
 47,024,639 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 4,461,713 
 3,549,633 
 8,011,346 
 
 Lease Liability, current maturities 
 1,247,062 
 - 
 1,247,062 
 
 Short term loan payable 
 707,625 
 5,606 
 713,231 
 
 Warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 5,740,899 
 - 
 5,740,899 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 53,248,414 
 9,488,763 
 62,737,177 

Lease liability, net of current maturities 
 3,013,214 
 - 
 3,013,214 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 56,261,628 
 9,488,763 
 65,750,391 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 
 57 
 
 57 
 
 Additional paid in capital 
 181,473,324 
 - 
 181,473,324 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 - 
 23,783 
 23,783 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (173,202,159 
 (1,470,798 
 (174,672,957 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 8,271,222 
 (1,447,015 
 6,824,207 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 64,532,850 
 8,041,748 
 72,574,598 

41 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations - Restated 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Revenues, Net of Allowances 

Metal goods 
 12,754,504 
 (4,288,179 
 8,466,325 
 30,475,518 
 (7,661,502 
 22,814,016 
 
 Soft goods 
 6,035,706 
 4,145,891 
 10,181,597 
 25,938,923 
 3,064,405 
 29,003,328 
 
 Electronic goods 
 1,839,997 
 (784,742 
 1,055,255 
 3,308,045 
 415,678 
 3,723,723 
 
 Total Revenues, Net of Allowances 
 20,630,207 
 (927,030 
 19,703,177 
 59,722,486 
 (4,181,419 
 55,541,067 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Metal goods 
 10,351,690 
 (4,040,275 
 6,311,415 
 25,732,707 
 (8,113,404 
 17,619,303 
 
 Soft goods 
 3,646,862 
 4,220,740 
 7,867,602 
 16,528,326 
 5,525,748 
 22,054,074 
 
 Electronic goods 
 1,718,681 
 (521,874 
 1,196,807 
 3,150,236 
 764,190 
 3,914,426 
 
 Total Cost of Goods Sold 
 15,717,233 
 (341,409 
 15,375,824 
 45,411,269 
 (1,823,466 
 43,587,803 

Gross Profit 
 4,912,974 
 (585,621 
 4,327,353 
 14,311,217 
 (2,357,953 
 11,953,264 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 
 12,572,066 
 2,286,759 
 14,858,825 
 42,618,510 
 1,876,775 
 44,495,285 
 
 Research and development 
 2,916,349 
 (2,587,157 
 329,192 
 9,357,273 
 (2,706,744 
 6,650,529 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 15,488,415 
 (300,398 
 15,188,017 
 51,975,783 
 (829,969 
 51,145,814 

Income (Loss) from Operations 
 (10,575,441 
 285,223 
 (10,860,664 
 (37,664,566 
 1,527,984 
 (39,192,550 

Other Income (Expense) 

Warrant issuance cost 
 (186,450 
 - 
 (186,450 
 (538,218 
 - 
 (538,218 
 
 Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 3,033,537 
 - 
 3,033,537 
 17,761,007 
 - 
 17,761,007 
 
 Inducement expense 
 (6,373,353 
 - 
 (6,373,353 
 (6,373,353 
 - 
 (6,373,353 
 
 Interest expense 
 (146,867 
 (16,809 
 (130,058 
 (1,433,975 
 (57,185 
 (1,376,790 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 (3,673,133 
 (16,809 
 (3,656,324 
 9,415,461 
 (57,185 
 9,472,646 

Net Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Provision 
 (14,248,574 
 268,414 
 (14,516,988 
 (28,249,105 
 1,470,799 
 (29,719,904 

Income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net Income (Loss) 
 (14,248,574 
 268,414 
 (14,516,988 
 (28,249,105 
 1,470,799 
 (29,719,904 

Redemption of Series D Preferred Stock deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 (14,248,574 
 268,414 
 (14,516,988 
 (28,249,105 
 1,470,799 
 (29,719,904 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 
 (29.59 
 0.55 
 (30.15 
 (88.86 
 4.63 
 (93.49 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 481,508 
 
 481,508 
 317,904 
 
 317,904 

42 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Restated 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Impact Increase (Decrease) 
 As Restated 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (28,249,105 
 (1,470,799 
 (29,719,904 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile from net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 4,088,358 
 - 
 4,088,358 
 
 Provision for credit losses 
 2,943,671 
 662,687 
 3,606,358 
 
 Loss on sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 16,652 
 16,652 
 
 Inducement expense 
 6,373,353 
 - 
 6,373,353 
 
 Amortization of right of use assets 
 1,098,831 
 - 
 1,098,831 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 (17,761,007 
 - 
 (17,761,007 
 
 Warrant issuance cost 
 538,218 
 - 
 538,218 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 328,127 
 - 
 328,127 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable, net 
 4,874,099 
 (3,857,002 
 1,017,097 
 
 Inventory 
 12,294,396 
 (4,861,331 
 7,433,065 
 
 Prepaid assets 
 (173,551 
 123,040 
 (50,511 
 
 Other assets 
 (274,520 
 (1,483 
 (276,003 
 
 Accounts payable 
 9,240,985 
 5,933,524 
 15,174,509 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 1,450,799 
 3,532,981 
 4,983,780 
 
 Lease liability 
 (881,694 
 - 
 (881,694 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,109,040 
 78,270 
 (4,030,770 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 (3,313,252 
 - 
 (3,313,252 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (3,313,252 
 
 (3,313,252 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of stock, net of costs 
 6,958,318 
 - 
 6,958,318 
 
 Proceeds from short term loan payable 
 779,795 
 - 
 779,795 
 
 Repayments of short-term loan payable 
 (1,045,753 
 5,606 
 (1,040,147 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 6,692,360 
 5,606 
 6,697,966 

Effect of currency fluctuation on cash 
 - 
 23,783 
 23,783 

Net (decrease) in cash 
 (729,932 
 107,659 
 (622,273 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 
 2,564,237 
 - 
 2,564,237 
 
 Cash, end of period 
 1,834,305 
 107,659 
 1,941,964 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 1,433,976 
 (42,461 
 1,391,515 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 9,916,393 
 - 
 9,916,393 
 
 Initial value of lease liability 
 704,960 
 - 
 704,960 
 
 Repayment of short-term loan payable in exchange for new short-term loan payable 
 1,601,205 
 (1,254,000 
 347,205 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 
 2,178,858 
 - 
 2,178,858 

43 

Fractional Shares 

On January 2, 2024, the C ompany issued
66,571 shares of common stock as fractional shares that resulted from the Reverse Stock Split that was effective January 1, 2024. 

February 2024 Public Offering 

On February 13, 2024, we completed a public offering
(the Offering of (i) 140,000 shares (the Common Shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share
(the Common Stock (ii) 632,628 prefunded warrants (the Prefunded Warrants exercisable for an aggregate
of 632,628 shares of Common Stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares and (iii) 772,628 Series F Warrants (the Series
F Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 772,628 shares of Common Stock (the Series F Warrant Shares issued pursuant
to the securities purchase agreement, dated February 13, 2024 (the Securities Purchase Agreement ), between the Company and
certain institutional investors (the Investors ). 

The offering price of each Common Share and accompanying Series
F Warrant was 4.529. The Offering price of each Prefunded Warrant and accompanying Series F Warrant was 4.529. The Common Shares, Prefunded
Warrants, Prefunded Warrant Shares, Series F Warrants and Series F Warrant Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities. 
The Series F Warrants have an exercise price of 4.405 per share of Common Stock, are exercisable upon issuance and expire five years
from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the Series F Warrants is subject to adjustment for stock splits, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and similar capital transactions as described in the Series F Warrants. The Prefunded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be
exercised at a nominal consideration of 0.0001 per share of Common Stock at any time until all of the Prefunded Warrants are exercised
in full. 

In consideration for consummating this Offering, we paid the placement
agent a cash fee equal to 7 of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering, a management fee equal to 0.5 of the gross proceeds of
the Offering and reimbursed the placement agent for certain expenses and legal fees. We also issued warrants to the designees of the placement
agent (the Placement Agent Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 46,358 shares of Common Stock (the Placement
Agent Warrant Shares ). The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Series F Warrants, except that the
Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to 5.6625 per share (125 of the 4.53 offering price of the Common Share and accompanying
Series F Warrant),and expire on the fifth anniversary from the date of the commencement of sales in the Offering, February 13, 2029. 

We received net proceeds of approximately 3.1 million from the Offering,
after deducting the Offering expenses payable by us, including the placement agent s commissions and fees. 

February 2024 Warrant Amendments 
 Investors Warrants 

In connection with the Offering, on February 13, 2024, we entered into
a warrant amendment agreement with an Investor in the Offering pursuant to which the Company agreed to lower the exercise price of the
Investor s warrants (the Common Warrants from 20.80 per share (as adjusted for the 1-for-65 reverse stock split
of the Company s Common Stock on January 2, 2024) to 4.405, the closing price of the Company s common stock on February 13,
2024, in consideration for a cash payment of an aggregate of 25,529. The Common Warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of 204,230
shares of common stock and were issued to the Investor in connection with a private transaction of the Company on August 14, 2023. The
amended exercise price of the investor s Common Warrants was effective on February 16, 2024. 

44 

February 2024 Warrant Amendments - Series
D Warrants 

In connection with the Offering, on February 13,
2024, we entered into a warrant amendment agreement with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to lower the exercise price
of the Investors Series D Warrants from 18.85 per share (as adjusted for the 1-for-65 reverse stock split of the Company s
common stock on January 2, 2024) to 4.405, the closing price of the Company s common stock on February 13, 2024, in consideration
for a cash payment in aggregate of 9,381. The Series D Warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of 75,048 shares of common stock
and were issued to the Investors on June 23, 2023. The amended exercise price of the Series D Warrants was effective on February 16, 2024. 

The shares of common stock underlying the Series
D Warrants sold in the private transaction on June 23, 2023 were registered on behalf of the purchasers thereof on a registration statement
on Form S-1 (File No: 333-271181) declared effective by the SEC on June 21, 2023. 

Warrant Conversion 

On July 31, 2024, the Company received cash consideration
of 70,480 and issued 16,000 shares of common stock on conversion of 16,000 warrants at 4.405 per warrant. 

On August 2, 2024, the Company received cash consideration
of 88,100 and issued 20,000 shares of common stock on conversion of 16,000 warrants at 4.405 per warrant. 

Series I Preferred Stock 

On August 13, 2024, the board of directors of ToughBuilt Industries,
Inc., declared the formation of and approved the issuance of an aggregate of 100 shares of Series I Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001
per share (the Series I ). On August 26, 2024, we filed a certificate of designation (the Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State therein establishing the Series I Preferred Stock and describing the rights, obligations and privileges
of the Series I Preferred Stock. Concurrently, we issued the 100 shares of Series I on the same date, in book-entry form to Michael Panosian,
our Chief Executive Officer. 

The
Series I consist of 100 shares. Each share of Series I has a par value of 0.0001 per share. The Series I is not convertible into, or
exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company. The Series I has no stated maturity
and is not subject to any sinking fund. The holders of Series I will not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. Each holder of
Series I has full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of holders of common stock, and for so long as Series
I is issued and outstanding, the holders of the Series I shall vote together as a single class with the holders of the Company s
common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock, with the holders of Series
I being entitled to 51 of the total votes on all such matters regardless of the actual number of shares of the Series I then outstanding,
and the holders of common stock and any other shares entitled to vote being entitled to their proportional share of the remaining 49 
of the total votes based on their respective voting power. The holders of Series I shall not be entitled to receive any distributions
in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
qualify as a smaller reporting company, as defined by SEC Rule 229.10(f)(1), and are not required to provide the information required
by this Item. 

45 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES , INC . 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

INDEX TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-6 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements
of operations, shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

System Conversion 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As of January 1, 2023, the Company migrated its
financial reporting system. This migration was significant to our audit because the process involved transferring substantial amounts
of financial data and reconfiguring controls and processes within the new system. The migration required considerable effort to ensure
that data was accurately and completely transferred, and that the new system was functioning as intended to maintain the integrity of
financial reporting. Key risks included the accuracy and completeness of the financial data post-conversion, and ensuring the accuracy
of the opening balances and reconciliation of retained earnings. 

This matter was identified as a critical audit
matter due to the high level of auditor judgment and complexity involved in assessing the accuracy and appropriateness of the adjustments
related to the system conversion. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the system migration,
included the following, among others: 

- We obtained an understanding of the process and controls implemented by management to ensure accurate
data migration pre- and post-conversion. This included reviewing management's approach to data mapping, transfer protocols, and reconciliation
procedures. 

- We tested the Company s reconciliations to ensure the completeness of data transferred post-conversion.
This involved comparing information between the systems and verifying that the audited financial information as of December 31, 2022 was
accurately reflected in the new system. 

- We assessed the reconfiguration and design of internal controls in the new system. This included evaluating
the design and implementation of controls over data integrity, financial reporting processes, and system access and security. 

- We substantively tested significant financial statement line items to ensure that the financial information
generated by new system was not materially misstated. This included among other, sampling populations, performing reconciliations to source
documents, re-calculating and reviewing key financial analytics. 

- We obtained an understanding of the nature and cause of the errors that led to the restatements of the
Company's quarterly financial information as a result of the migration of data. In addition, we performed a detailed reconciliation and
comprehensive review of the adjusted balances post-conversion. This involved additional testing and analysis to ensure the restated balances
were accurately reflected and that the errors were appropriately corrected in the reporting periods. 

By performing these procedures, we were able to
address the risks associated with the migration process, ensure the completeness of financial data transfer, and verify that the financial
information post-conversion is not materially misstated. 

F- 3 

Identification of a Number of Audit Adjustments
and Deficiencies in the Company's Internal Control System over Financial Reporting 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

During our audit of the financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2023, we identified numerous significant adjustments that have been reflected in the audited financial statements.
These adjustments were a result of material weaknesses identified in the design and effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. The principal considerations for our determination that this is a critical audit matter are the pervasive effects
of the material weaknesses on the financial statements and the considerable audit effort and judgment required to address these issues.
These weaknesses necessitated extensive auditor judgment and effort to: 

- Assess the sufficiency and appropriateness of the significant adjustments recorded. 

- Determine the impact of these adjustments on the interim and annual financial statements previously issued
by the Company. 

- Evaluate the Company's ability to properly account for financial transactions in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The audit effort required performing substantial
incremental audit procedures as well as assessing the overall impact of these weaknesses on the presentation and disclosure of such adjustments
on the financial statements. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures to address this critical
audit matter included the following: 

- We evaluated the design and implementation of internal controls over financial reporting, through which
material weaknesses were identified in the design and implementation of the control environment which led to the audit adjustments noted.
This involved performing walkthroughs and reviewing documentation of the key controls identified within the Company s multiple business
processes. As a result of our evaluation, some deficiencies were noted due to improper design, or lack of implementation. 

- We conducted incremental substantive testing on all significant accounts identified during the audit,
and extended procedures to address any additional risks identified subsequent to the establishment of our planned audit procedures. Substantive
testing included sampling populations, performing reconciliations to source documents, calculating and reviewing key financial analytics,
and confirming balances with third parties, when appropriate. As a result of these procedures, a number of significant adjustments were
discovered and reflected in the financial statements. These adjustments also had implications on deficiencies within the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

- We evaluated the disclosures related to the restatement of previously issued financial statements, that
resulted from the deficiencies in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting. 

- We inquired and reviewed when applicable communication between management and the audit committee related
to the identified material weaknesses and the corresponding adjustments to understand the oversight and governance related to these issues. 

By performing these procedures, we were able to
address the identified material weaknesses and verify that the necessary adjustments were accurately reflected in the financial statements,
ensuring that the financial statements were presented fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2016. 

December 20, 2024 

F- 4 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Inventory 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use assets 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Related party payables 

Short term lease liability 

Short term loan payable 

Warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long term lease liability 

Total Liabilities 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series C Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series D Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series E Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series F Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series G Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series H Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues, net of allowances 

Metal goods 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total revenues, net of allowances 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Metal goods 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Impairment of property and equipment 
 
 -

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Inducement expense 
 
 -

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 

Warrant issuance cost 

Total other income 

Net loss before provision for income tax 

Provision for income tax 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Common stock deemed dividend 
 -

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributed to common stockholders 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Series
 D 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series
 E Preferred Stock 
 Series
 F Preferred Stock 
 Series
 G Preferred Stock 
 Series
 H Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 January 1, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Cashless
 warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Repurchase
 of common stock warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Adoption
 of lease guidance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive income 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock from pre-funded warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock, conversion of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock
 based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Other
 comprehensive income 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile from net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Impairment of property and equipment 
 
 -

Allowance for credit losses 

Inducement expense 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 

Loss on sale of property and equipment 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Amortization of patents 
 
 -

Write-down of patents 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on abandonment of lease 
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 

Interest paid on short-term loan 
 
 -

Warrant issuance costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 

Decrease (increase) in inventory 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid assets 

(Increase) in other assets 

Increase in accounts payable 

(Decrease) increase in accrued expenses 

Increase in related party payables 
 
 -

(Decrease) in lease liability 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 
 -

Purchase of other assets 
 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise and conversion of warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of stock, net of costs 

Repurchase of common stock warrants 
 -

Proceeds from loan payable 

Repayments of loan payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 
 
 -

Net decrease in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 
 -

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Repayment of short-term loan payable in exchange for new short-term loan payable 
 
 -

Initial value of operating lease liability 

Initial fair value of warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2023 and 2022 

under the name Phalanx, Inc., and on December
29, 2015, Phalanx, Inc. changed its name to ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. 

The Company designs and distributes innovative
and superior quality tools and accessories to the home improvement community and the building industry. The Company aspires to augment
brand loyalty in part from the enlightened creativity of its end users throughout the global tool market industry. The Company holds
exclusive licenses to develop, manufacture, market, and distribute various home improvement and construction product lines for both Do-it-Yourself
and professional trade markets under the TOUGHBUILT brand name. 

TOUGHBUILT distributes products in the following
categories, all designed and engineered in the United States and manufactured by third party vendors in China: 

tool belts, tool bags and other personal tool organizer
 products; 

complete line of knee pads for various construction applications;
 and 

jobsite tools and material support products consisting of a full line of miter-saws and table saw stands, sawhorses/job site tables and roller stands. 

On April 25, 2022, . As a result of the 2022 Reverse
Split, each one hundred fifty shares of issued and outstanding prior to the 2022 Reverse Split were converted into share of common
stock. 

On January 2, 2024, . As a result of the 2024 Reverse
Split, each shares of issued and outstanding prior to the 2024 Reverse Split were converted into share of common stock.
All share and per share numbers in the consolidated financial statements and notes below have been revised retroactively to reflect the
2024 Reverse Split. 
 Going Concern 

 The Company has incurred substantial operating
losses since its inception. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements, the Company reported cash on hand of , working
capital deficit of , and accumulated deficit of at December 31, 2023. The Company reported a net loss of ,
and net cash used in operating activities of for the year ended December 31, 2023. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The
Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that it can obtain marketing approval to sell, and then generate
significant sales, of its technology that is currently in development. As such it is likely that additional financing will be needed by
the Company to fund its operations and to develop and commercialize its technology. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company
will seek to obtain additional capital through the sale of debt or equity financings or other arrangements to fund operations; however,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional
equity may dilute existing stockholders, and newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding
shares of common stock. Issued debt securities may contain covenants and limit the Company s ability to pay dividends or make other
distributions to stockholders. If the Company is unable to obtain such additional financing, future operations would need to be scaled
back or discontinued. 

F- 9 

Additions to credit losses allowance 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Additions to credit losses allowance 

Less: Credit losses written off 

Balance - December 31, 2023 

F- 10 

years, computers years, production equipment years, automobiles years, tooling and molds years,
and software application development years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated
useful life of the related assets when they are placed into service. The Company evaluates property and equipment for impairment periodically
to determine if changes in circumstances or the occurrence of events suggest the carrying value of the asset or asset group may not be
recoverable. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Expenditures which substantially increase the useful lives
of the related assets are capitalized. 

and for the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

- 
 - 
 
 Contractual term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability at issuance 

Fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability upon exercise 

Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability at issuance 

Fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability exercised at time of inducement 

Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

F- 13 

and for the year ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. See Note 10 for further information on revenue recognition. 

and for the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

incurred
relating to patents are capitalized and are amortized over their estimated useful life once determined. Such costs amounted to 
and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. The Company recorded write-down of intellectual property of and , legal and other capitalized fees paid for patents
 and 0 , and amortization expense of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The accumulated
amortization balance of patents totaled and 0 as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 

and for
the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 14 

Options and restricted stock units 

Total anti-dilutive weighted average shares 

reportable segment referred
to as the tools segment. A single management team that reports to the Chief Executive Officer comprehensively manages the business. Accordingly,
the Company does not have separate reportable segments. 

F- 15 

Total 

Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net
realizable value. 

Computers 

Production equipment 

Tooling and molds 

Automobiles 

Application development 

Website design 
 -

Steelbox 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, was and , respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company
recorded an impairment expense of and for the development of these technological platforms for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The amount due and payable to the related party at December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and
 , respectively. 

On February 15, 2019, the Company entered into
an agreement with Cyberduction, whereby Cyberducton provided the Company with outside services managing the Company s website,
information technology support, customer services, and external show and convention coordination for a fixed fee of per quarter.
The principal owner of Cyberduction is a sibling of our Company s Chief Executive Officer. The Company recorded an expense of 
for each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The amount due and payable to Cyberduction was at December
31, 2023 and 2022. 

On September 01, 2020, the Company entered into
an agreement with Zgal Amazon Services Zgal , whereby Zgal provided the Company with outside services managing the
setup of the Company s Amazon presence in multiple countries in Europe and USA including Amazon pricing, logistics and inventory
coordination. The principal owner of Zgal is a sibling of our Company s Chief Financial Officer. For the years ended December 31
2023 and 2022, the Company recorded an expense of and , respectively, for services provided by Zgal. The amount due and
payable to Zgal was at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The Company recorded bonus expense of 
and payable to management team for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Bonus payable totaled 
and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company entered into a lease agreement on April 19, 2022 with Aviva
Life and Pensions UK Limited for office space for a -year term. The lease commenced on April 18, 2023 and matures on January 17, 2027.
The quarterly base rent for the lease is . The Company recorded the initial value of lease liability of and recorded rent
expense of for the ended December 31, 2023. 

F- 16 

and per month, with escalations contained in the lease through February 28, 2027 and May 31,
2027. 

The Company entered into a lease for office space
in North Carolina on May 1, 2023 for a term. The Company paid a security deposit of and the monthly base rent was 
with an annual escalation of rent increase at . The landlord completed the improvements to the office space and the lease commenced
on December 1, 2023. 

The Company entered into a lease for office space
in Columbia on August 15, 2023 for a term. The Company paid a security deposit totaling at the inception of the lease.
The monthly base rent was with no annual escalation of rent increases. 

Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Years Years Weighted Average Discount Rate 

As the leases do not provide an implicit rate,
the Company used an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present
value of the lease payments, which is reflective of the specific term of the leases and economic environment of each geographic region. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

The Company recorded the operating lease costs of and 
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company paid cash payments of and for rent for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Employment Agreements with Officers 

Michael Panosian Employment Agreement 

The Company entered into the Employment Agreement
dated as of December 29, 2022 with Michael Panosian (the Panosian Employment Agreement ). The Panosian Employment Agreement
provides that Mr. Panosian will serve as our Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chair of the Board for a term beginning on December
29, 2022 and ending on December 29, 2025 (the Initial Term ), with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to
renew is given by either party at least 90 days prior to the relevant end date. 

F- 17 

, which may be increased annually at the sole discretion of the
Board; (ii) a potential annual target bonus of up to payable in cash, which may be granted at the discretion of, and in an amount
determined by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of incentive stock options, pursuant to the 2022
Plan and also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate in the
Company s health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement
for all reasonable business expenses, including a monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that
Mr. Panosian receives will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange
listing requirement and on such basis as we determine. 

In the event the Company terminates Mr. Panosian
without Cause (as defined below) at any time with days prior written notice, or Mr. Panosian resigns for Good
Reason (as defined below), Mr. Panosian will be entitled to the following, provided that he executes a general waiver and release
of claims: 

In the event the Company terminates Mr. Panosian s
employment for Cause or Mr. Panosian s resignation without Good Reason, Mr. Panosian will only be entitled to receive accrued
and unpaid compensation and wages accrued prior to such date. 

If, within one year following a Change of Control
of the Company, Mr. Panosian s employment is terminated involuntarily by us other than for Cause, death, or disability or by Mr.
Panosian pursuant to a voluntary termination for Good Reason, and Mr. Panosian executes and does not revoke a general release of claims
against us and our affiliates in a form acceptable to us, then we shall, in addition to any other earned but unpaid base salary and vacation
pay due through the date of such termination, provide Mr. Panosian (i) an amount equal to two times his then prevailing annual base salary;
(ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group
health, dental and vision coverage. 

The Panosian Employment Agreement contains restrictive
covenants prohibiting Mr. Panosian from disclosing our confidential information at any time, and has executed a Proprietary Information,
Inventions Assignment and Nondisclosure Agreement. 

Martin Galstyan Employment Agreement 

The Company entered into the Employment Agreement
dated as of December 29, 2022 with Martin Galstyan (the Galstyan Employment Agreement ). The Galstyan Employment Agreement
provides that Mr. Galstyan will serve as our Chief Financial Officer for a term beginning on December 29, 2022 and ending on December
29, 2025, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 90 days prior to the relevant
end date. 

Pursuant to the Galstyan Employment Agreement,
Mr. Galstyan will be entitled to: (i) an annual base salary of , which may be increased annually at the sole discretion of the
Board; (ii) a potential annual target bonus of up to payable in cash, which may be granted in the discretion of, and in an amount
determined by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of incentive stock options, pursuant to the 2022
Plan, and also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate in the
Company s health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement
for all reasonable business expenses, including a monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Mr.
Galstyan receives will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange
listing requirement and on such basis as we determine. 

F- 18 

, which may be increased annually at the sole discretion of the
Board; (ii) a potential annual target bonus of up to payable in cash, which may be granted in the discretion of, and in an amount
determined by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of incentive stock options, pursuant to the 2022
Plan, and also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate in the
Company s health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement
for all reasonable business expenses, including a monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Mr.
Keeler receives will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange
listing requirement and on such basis as we determine. 

In the event the Company terminates Mr. Keeler
without Cause (as defined below) with 90 days prior written notice, or Mr. Keeler resigns for Good Reason 
(as defined below), Mr. Keeler will be entitled to the following, provided that he executes a general waiver and release of claims: (i)
an amount equal to 1.5 times the average of his base salary if terminated during the Initial Term, or an amount equal to 1 times the
average of his then base salary; (ii) monthly payments for up to 12 months (and 18 months, if terminated during the Initial Term) of
COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage; and (iii) the immediate vesting of all incentive awards, that
utilize time-based vesting. If Mr. Keeler s employment is terminated by the Company following a Change of Control of the Company,
Mr. Keeler will be entitled to: (i) an amount equal to 2 times his then prevailing base salary; (i) immediate vesting of all incentive
awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage. 

In the event the Company terminate Mr. Keeler s
employment for Cause or Mr. Keeler s resignation without Good Reason, Mr. Keeler shall only be entitled to receive accrued and
unpaid compensation and wages accrued prior to such date. 

F- 19 

, which may be increased annually at the sole discretion
of the Board; (ii) a potential annual target bonus of up to payable in cash, which may be granted in the discretion of, and
in an amount determined by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of incentive stock options, pursuant
to the 2022 Plan, and also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate
in the Company s health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement
for all reasonable business expenses, including a monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Mr.
Khachatoorian receives will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange
listing requirement and on such basis as we determine. 

In the event the Company terminate Mr. Khachatoorian
without Cause, or Mr. Khachatoorian resigns for Good Reason (each as defined in the Khachatoorian Employment Agreement), Mr. Khachatoorian
will be entitled to the following, provided that he executes a general waiver and release of claim and does not revoke the release: (i)
an amount equal to 6 months of his then base salary; (ii) monthly payments for up to 6 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health,
dental and vision coverage, unless Mr. Khachatoorian starts receiving coverage under his subsequent employment; and (iii) continuation
of his vesting schedule per the 2022 Plan, with three months for exercise of any vested option(s). If Mr. Khachatoorian s employment
is terminated by the Company following a Change of Control of the Company, Mr. Khachatoorian will be entitled to: (i) an amount equal
to 1 time his then prevailing base salary; (ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 12 months
of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage. 

In the event the Company terminates Mr. Khachatoorian s
employment for Cause or Mr. Khachatoorian s resignation without Good Cause, Mr. Khachatoorian shall only be entitled to accrued
and unpaid compensation and wages accrued prior to such date. 

If, within one year following a Change of Control
of the Company, Mr. Khachatoorian s employment is terminated involuntarily by us other than for Cause, death, or disability or
by Mr. Khachatoorian pursuant to a voluntary termination for Good Reason, and Mr. Khachatoorian executes and does not revoke a general
release of claims against us and our affiliates in a form acceptable to us, then we shall, in addition to any other earned but unpaid
base salary and vacation pay due through the date of such termination, provide the Mr. Khachatoorian (i) an amount equal to two times
his then prevailing base salary; (ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 12 months of COBRA
premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage. 

The Khachatoorian Employment Agreement contains
restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Khachatoorian from disclosing our confidential information at any time, and has executed a Proprietary
Information, Inventions Assignment and Nondisclosure Agreement. 

F- 20 

The 2022 Plaintiff claimed that the 2022 Plaintiff has suffered (i) monetary damages in excess of
 , and (ii) attorney fees and costs, and is entitled to reimbursement. The 2022 Plaintiff asked for the following relief (i) issuance
of a preliminary injunction enjoining us and the Board from continued of their fiduciary duties; (ii) damages incurred by the plaintiff;
(iii) for an accounting of our books and records; (iv) equity relief; and (v) reimbursement of attorney and courts fees and other related
costs. On October 12, 2023, the 2022 Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the case, and after a hearing on February 14, 2024, the court
dismissed the case on March 18, 2024. The 2022 Plaintiff subsequently appealed to the Nevada Supreme Court on April 9, 2024. Currently,
the appeal deadlines are on hold while the parties complete the Supreme Court s mandatory settlement program. Following Plaintiff s
appeal of the District Court s Order dismissing the derivative claims to the Nevada Supreme Court, Plaintiff filed a Motion for Reconsideration
under Rule 60 of the Nevada Rules of Civil Procedure based upon the argument that new evidence demonstrated that at least one member of
the SLC was not independent. Following full briefing and oral argument on Plaintiff s motion, the District Court issued a Minute Order
on October 17, 2024, denying the motion. As the Court recognized, there can be no question that at least two members of the SLC were independent,
which is a more than sufficient number under Nevada law. The District Court instructed counsel for the SLC to submit a formal draft order
for the District Court s review and signature. Plaintiff s appeal of the dismissal of the derivative claims is still pending and remains
in the Nevada Supreme Court settlement program . 

We believe that the claims put forth by the 2022
Plaintiff are without merit and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves and the officers named in the complaint. 

June 22, 2023 Litigation 

On June 22, 2023, PCS Properties 2, LLC (the Plaintiff filed a first amended complaint in the Superior Court, State of California, County of Orange, Central Justice Center (Case No. 30-2023-01326779-CU-UD-CJC)
against the Company. In the complaint, the Plaintiff is suing the Company for Breach of the Company s lease agreement, dated December
10, 2021 (the Lease ), for the real property located at 8687 Research Drive, Suites 100, 150, 250, Irvine, CA 92618 (collectively,
the Premises ). The Plaintiff alleges that the Company owes the Plaintiff rent in the estimated sum of for the Premises,
representing due rent through May 31, 2023 and is suing the following damages: (i) the unpaid rent, (ii) the rent for the balance of the
term of the Lease (June 1, 2023 to May 31, 2027) in the minimum sum of , less any sums that the Company proves could be reasonably
avoided and (iii) all other amounts necessary to compensate Plaintiff for all the detriment proximately caused by the Company s
failure to perform its obligations under the Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom, including
but not limited to the cost of recovering possession of the Premises, expenses of reletting, including necessary renovation and alteration
of the Premises, reasonable attorneys fees, and that portion of any leasing commission paid by Plaintiff in connection with the
Lease applicable to the unexpired term of the Lease, in an amount to be proved at trial or earlier hearing in this matter (iv) prejudgment
interest at the maximum legal rate (v) reasonable attorney s fees and court fees. The Company is reviewing this matter with its
real estate attorney and available legal options and strategies to resolve this matter with the Plaintiff. As of December 31, 2023, the
range of loss is estimated to be between and , and the Company has accrued for any potential loss. On May 29,
2024, the Company settled its litigation with the plaintiff see Note 13). 

June 6, 2024 Litigation 

On May 1, 2023, the Company entered into a lease
agreement for office space with Concord Property Development, LLC Concord in North Carolina for a five-year term. On June
6, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with Concord Property Development, LLC Landlord to resolve a
dispute arising from nonpayment of rent. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Landlord a total settlement
amount of Six Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-Eight Dollars , in four scheduled payments: (i) paid on
June 30, 2024; (ii) paid on July 31, 2024; (iii) paid on August 31, 2024; and (iv) paid on September 30, 2024
pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Settlement Agreement stipulates that upon the Company s timely payment
of the full settlement amount, the Landlord will release and forever discharge the Company from any claims, demands, damages, liabilities,
or causes of action related to the lease and the dispute. Additionally, the Settlement Agreement provides that in the event of the Company s
default on its payment obligations, the Landlord is entitled to record a Confession of Judgment against the Company, creditable with any
payments made. The Agreement also specifies that it is not to be considered an admission of liability by any party. The Company has settled its litigation with Concord on September 30, 2024. 

F- 21 

. The loan originally matured in July 2023 and bore interest at 
per annum, with monthly payments of both interest and principal. In February 2023, the Company entered into an amended short-term
loan in the amount of February Note ). As part of this new short-term loan, the Company received an additional
funding of . The loan matured in and bore annual interest at , with monthly payments due for
both interest and principal. Subsequently in May 2023, the Company entered into a new short-term loan in the amount of May Note ), part of which was used to pay off the February Note in full. Net proceeds from the May Note amounted to .
The May Note matured in and bore annual interest at , with monthly payments of both interest and principal.
The principal balance payable on short-term loan was and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company recorded
interest expense of and on short-term loan payable for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

shares of common stock, and shares of Series C preferred stock, with a par
value of per share. On December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had an authorized capital of shares of Series
D preferred stock, and shares of Series E Non-Convertible preferred stock, with a par value of and per
share, respectively. In addition, on December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had an authorized capital of shares
of Series F preferred stock and shares of Series G preferred stock, both with a par value of per share. 

On December 21, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effectuate
a 1-for-65 reverse stock split of the shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, issued and outstanding,
effective January 1, 2024, (the Reverse Stock Split ). 

As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every
sixty-five (65) shares of issued and outstanding Common Stock will be automatically converted into one (1) issued and outstanding share
of Common Stock. The Reverse Stock Split reduced the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding from shares to shares,
subject to adjustment for the rounding up of fractional shares. 

Proportionate adjustments were made to the per
share exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased upon exercise of outstanding stock options granted
by the Company, and the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under the Company s equity incentive plans. 

The Company also adjusted the number of
shares available for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding warrants to issue Common Stock as well as the exercise price to reflect
the effects of the Reverse Stock Split. All shares and per share amounts for prior years were adjusted to reflect
Reverse Stock Split. 

Common Stock and Preferred Stock 

Series F Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred
Stock S-3 Offering 

On February 15, 2022, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors named therein pursuant to which the Company issued, in a registered
direct offering an aggregate of of Preferred Stock, split evenly among the shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value per share Series F Preferred Stock ), and shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
 per share Series G Preferred Stock ). The Series F Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred Stock have a stated value
of per share and are convertible into common stock at any time after the date of issuance. The conversion rate, subject to adjustment
as set forth in the Certificate of Designation, is determined by dividing the stated value of the Series F Preferred Stock
and Series G Preferred Stock by (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price can be adjusted as set forth in the
Certificate of Designation for stock dividends and stock splits or the occurrence of a fundamental transaction. The shares
of Series F Preferred Stock and shares of Series G Preferred Stock are each convertible into shares of common stock. The
Series F Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred Stock and the underlying shares of common stock were offered pursuant to the Security Purchase Agreement dated February 15, 2022. 

In a concurrent private placement, the Company
also issued to such investors unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock,
at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable from April 15, 2022 until the fifth anniversary of the initial
exercise date. 

As compensation to the placement agent in connection
with the offering (the Placement Agent ), the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of of the aggregate gross
proceeds raised in the offering, plus a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds raised in the offering and reimbursement of
certain expenses and legal fees. The Company also issued to the designees of the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to shares
of common stock for per share from April 15, 2022 until February 15, 2027. 

F- 22 

million from the offering, after deducting the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, including the placement agent
fees. The total issuance costs amounted to and the Company also recognized an initial fair value of warrants in the
amount of . of such issuance costs have been determined to be in connection with the warrants and have been expensed
during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, there were shares of Series F Preferred Stock and
 shares of Series G Preferred Stock, issued and outstanding. 

June 2022 Unit and Pre-funded Unit Registered S-1 Offering 

On June 22, 2022, 

F- 23 

per share of Common Stock, are exercisable upon issuance
and will expire from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the Warrants is subject to adjustment for stock splits, reverse
splits, and similar capital transactions as described in the June 2022 Warrants. In connection with the Offering, the Company issued
June 2022 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Common Stock. 

Subject to certain ownership limitations described in the Pre-funded
Warrants, the Pre-funded Warrants were dexercised in full at a nominal consideration of per share of Common Stock. 

A holder will not have the right to exercise
any portion of the June 2022 Warrants or the Pre-funded Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own
in excess of (or, at the election of the holder, of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the June 2022 Warrants or the Pre-funded
Warrants, respectively. However, upon notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the beneficial ownership limitation,
which may not exceed 9.99 of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such
percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the June 2022 Warrants or the Pre-funded Warrants, respectively, provided
that any increase in the beneficial ownership limitation will not take effect until 61 days following notice to the Company. 

As compensation to the Placement Agent, as the
exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the June 2022 Offering, plus a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering and
reimbursement of certain expenses and legal fees. The Company also issued to designees of the Placement Agent warrants to purchase
up to shares of Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrants ). The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the
same terms as the June 2022 Warrants, except that the Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to per share
and expire on the fifth anniversary from the date of the commencement of sales in the June 2022 Offering. 

In connection with the June 2022 Offering, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors on June
17, 2022. The Purchase Agreement contained customary representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchasers
and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

The shares of Common Stock and June 2022 Warrants
underlying the Units, the June 2022 Warrants and Pre-funded Warrants underlying the Pre-funded Units and the Placement Agent Warrants
described above and the underlying shares of Common Stock were offered pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-264930),
as amended, which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2022. 

The Company received net proceeds of
approximately million from the June 2022 Offering, after deducting the estimated June 2022 Offering expenses payable by the
Company, including the Placement Agent fees, as well as including immediate exercises of June 2022 Warrants. The total issuance
costs amounted to approximately and the Company also recognized an initial fair value of warrants in the amount of
 . of such issuance costs have been determined to be in connection with the June 2022 Offering and have been
expensed during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company incurred of equity related costs which have been
netted with the net proceeds from the June 2022 Offering. 

July 2022 Private Placement 

On July 27, 2022, the Company consummated the
closing of a private placement (the July 2022 Private Placement ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated July 25, 2022 (the July 2022 Purchase Agreement ), by and among the Company and certain purchasers
named on the signature pages thereto (the Purchasers ). At the closing of the July 2022 Private Placement, the Company issued
(i) shares of common stock (the Shares (ii) pre-funded warrants (the July 2022 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock, (iii) Series A Preferred Investment Options to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of common stock (the Series A Preferred Investment Options and (iv) Series B Preferred Investment Options to purchase
an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Series B Preferred Investment Options , and, collectively with the Shares,
the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Series A Preferred Investment Options, the Securities ). The purchase price of each Share
and associated Series A Preferred Investment Option and Series B Preferred Investment Option was and the purchase price of each
Pre-Funded Warrant and associated Series A Preferred Investment Option and Series B Preferred Investment Option was . 

F- 24 

shares of common stock July 2022 Placement Options ). The July 2022 Placement
Options have substantially the same terms as the Series A Preferred Investment Options, except that the July 2022 Placement Options have
an exercise price equal to per share and expire on the third anniversary from the date of the commencement of sales in the
July 2022 Offering. 

The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million from the July 2022 Offering, after deducting the estimated July 2022 Offering expenses payable by the Company. The total
issuance costs amounted to approximately and the Company also recognized an initial fair value of the Series A and B Preferred
Investment Options in the amount of . of such issuance costs have been determined to be in connection with the Series
A and Series B Preferred Investment Options and have been expensed during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized common
stock deemed dividends in the amount of which resulted from the excess initial fair value of the Series A and B Preferred Investment
Options issued. In addition, the Company incurred of equity related costs which have been netted with the net proceeds from the
July 2022 Offering. 

November 2022 Private Placement 

On November 17, 2022, the Company consummated the closing of a private
placement (the November 2022 Private Placement ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated November 15, 2022 (the November 2022 Purchase Agreement ), by and among the Company and certain purchasers named on
the signature pages thereto (the Purchasers ). At the closing of the November 2022 Private Placement, the Company issued
(i) shares of common stock (the Shares (ii) pre-funded warrants (the November 2022 Pre-Funded
Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock, (iii) Series C Preferred Investment Options to
purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Series C Preferred Investment Options collectively with the
Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Series C Preferred Investment Options, the Securities ). The purchase price of each
Share and associated Series C Preferred Investment Option was and the purchase price of each Pre-Funded Warrant and associated
Series C Preferred Investment Option was . 

In connection with the offering, the investors
in the private placement agreed to cancel preferred investment options to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock
of the Company which were previously issued to the investors in July 2022. 

As compensation to the Placement Agent, as
the exclusive placement agent in connection with the November 2022 Offering, the Company also issued to designees of the Placement Agent preferred
investment options to purchase up to shares of common stock November 2022 Placement Options ). The November 2022 Placement
Options have substantially the same terms as the Series C Preferred Investment Options, except that the November 2022 Placement Options
have an exercise price equal to per share and expire on the third anniversary from the date of the commencement of sales
in the November 2022 Offering. 

The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million from the November 2022 Offering, after deducting the estimated November 2022 Offering expenses payable by the Company. The
total issuance costs amounted to approximately and the Company also recognized an initial fair value of the Series C Preferred
Investment Options in the amount of . of such issuance costs have been determined to be in connection with the Series
C Preferred Investment Options and have been expensed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

June 2023 Private Placement 

On June 23, 2023, the Company completed a public
offering (the June 2023 Offering of (i) shares of common stock June 2023 Common Share ), (ii) 
Pre-funded Warrants (the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (the June
2023 Pre-funded Warrant Shares and (iii) Series D warrants (the Series D Common Warrants to purchase
 shares of common stock of the Company (the Series D Common Warrant Shares ). The offering price of each June 2023
Common Share and accompanying Series D Common Warrant was and the offering price of each Pre-funded Warrant and accompanying Class
D Common Warrant was . The June 2023 Common Shares, June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants, June 2023 Pre-funded Warrant Shares, Series D
Common Warrants and Series D Common Warrant Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities. 

F- 25 

per share of common stock are exercisable
upon issuance and will expire from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the Series D Common Warrants is subject to
adjustment for stock splits, reorganizations, recapitalizations and similar capital transactions as described in the Series D Common
Warrants. 

Subject to certain ownership limitations described
in the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants, the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at a nominal
consideration of per share of common stock at any time until all of the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants are exercised in full.
A holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Series D Common Warrants or the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants if the
holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of (or, at the election of the holder, of the number
of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in
accordance with the terms of the Series D Common Warrants or the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants, respectively. However, upon notice from
the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the beneficial ownership limitation, which may not exceed of the number of shares
of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance
with the terms of the Series D Common Warrants or the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants, respectively, provided that any increase in the
beneficial ownership limitation will not take effect until 61 days following notice to the Company. All of the June 2023 Pre-funded Warrants
were exercised as of December 31, 2023. 

As compensation to the Placement Agent in consideration
for serving as the placement agent in connection with the June 2023 Offering, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of of
the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the June 2023 Offering, plus a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds raised in the
June 2023 Offering and reimbursement of certain expenses and legal fees. The Company also issued warrants to the Placement Agent (the
 June 2023 Placement Agent Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the June 2023 Placement Agent
Warrant Shares ). The June 2023 Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Series D Common Warrants, except
that the June 2023 Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to per share and expire on the fifth anniversary from
the date of the commencement of sales in the Offering. All of June 2023 Placement Agent Warrants remain unexercised and outstanding
as of December 31, 2023. 

The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million, from the June 2023 Offering, after deducting the estimated June 2023 Offering expenses payable by the Company. The total
issuance costs amounted to approximately and the Company also recognized an initial fair value of the Series D Common Warrants
in the amount of . of such issuance costs have been determined to be in connection with the Series D Common Warrants
and have been expensed during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Inducement Offer Agreement 

On August 14, 2023, the Company entered into an
inducement offer letter agreement (the Inducement Letter with certain holders (the Holders of existing Series
C preferred investment options (the Existing Warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company. The Existing Warrants
were issued on November 17, 2022 and had an exercise price of per share (the August Transaction ). 
 Pursuant to the Inducement Letter, the Holders
agreed to exercise for cash their Existing Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at
a reduced exercise price of per share in consideration for the Company s agreement to issue new common stock purchase warrants
(the New Warrants ), as described below, to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock (the New
Warrant Shares ). The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million from the exercise of the Existing
Warrants by the Holders, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 

F- 26 

of the gross proceeds received from the Holders exercise of their Existing Warrants, as well as a management
fee equal to of the gross proceeds from the exercise of the Existing Warrants. Upon any exercise for cash of any New Warrants, the
Company has agreed to pay the placement Agent a cash fee of of the aggregate gross exercise price paid in cash with respect the
exercise of the New Warrants, and a management fee of of the aggregate gross exercise price paid in cash with respect to the New
Warrants. 

The Company has also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for its
expenses in connection with the exercise of the Existing Warrants and the issuance of the New Warrants, up to for fees and expenses
of legal counsel and other out-of-pocket expenses and agreed to pay the Placement Agent for non-accountable expenses in the amount of
 and clearing fee of . The Company also agreed to issue to the Placement Agent or its designees warrants (the Placement
Agent Warrants to purchase (i) up to shares of common stock of the Existing Warrants being exercised) which will have
the same terms as the New Warrants except the Placement Agent Warrants will have an exercise price equal to per share of
the reduced exercise price of the Existing Warrants) and (ii) upon any exercise for cash of the New Warrants, that number of shares of
common stock equal to of the aggregate number of such shares of common stock underlying the New Warrants that have been exercised,
which will have the same terms as the New Warrants except for an exercise price equal to per share. The closing of the transactions
contemplated pursuant to the Inducement Letter on August 17, 2023 (the Closing Date ), subject to satisfaction of customary
closing conditions. The Company used the net proceeds of these transactions for general corporate and working capital purposes. 

The resale of the shares of the Company s
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Existing Warrants are registered on an existing registration statement on Form S-1 (File No:
333-268537) declared effective by the SEC on December 2, 2022. 

The Company also agreed to file a registration
statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then Form S-3 eligible) covering the resale of the New Warrant
Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of the New Warrants (the Resale Registration Statement ), within 30 days of
the Closing Date, and to have such Resale Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within 90 days following the Closing Date.
In the Inducement Letter, the Company agreed not to issue any shares of common stock or common stock equivalents or to file any other
registration statement with the SEC (in each case, subject to certain exceptions) until 30 days after the Closing Date. The Company also
agreed not to effect or agree to effect any variable rate transaction (as defined in the Inducement Letter) until one (1) year after
the Closing Date (subject to an exception). 

The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million, after deducting the offering expenses payable by the Company. The total issuance costs amounted to approximately 
and the Company also recognized an initial fair value of the New Warrants in the amount of . of such issuance costs
have been determined to be in connection with the New Warrants and have been expensed for the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition,
the Company recognized an inducement expense of in connection with such transaction for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Warrants 

October 2016 Private Placement 
Placement Agent Warrants 

The Company issued an aggregate of warrants
to the placement agents to purchase 1/65th share of its common stock per warrant at an exercise price of per share for warrants
and per share for warrants. The warrants issued in the Company s October 2016 Private Placement expired on , and the warrants issued in the Company s March 2018 Private Placement, May 2018 Private Placement and August 2018 Financing
expired on . The exercise price and number of shares of common stock or other securities issuable on exercise of such
warrants are subject to customary adjustment in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation of the Company. 

F- 27 

warrants issued
to the placement agents at an exercise price of and 32 warrants at an exercise price of were outstanding and exercisable. 

Class B Warrants 

The holders of the Class B Warrants did not exercise
any of their warrants during the year ended December 31, 2023. Class B Warrants have an exercise price of per share
and shall expire between and . 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had and Class B Warrants issued and outstanding. 

Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants 

On January 24, 2019, the Company entered into
an exchange agreement with two institutional investors pursuant to which, these investors exercised Series A Warrants to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock for total cash proceeds of to the Company, net of costs of . The two investors
also exchanged Series A Warrants to purchase shares of its common stock into shares of its common stock and received new warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 96 shares of its common stock. These new warrants have terms substantially like the terms of the Company s
Series A Warrants, except that the per share exercise price of the new warrants is , and the warrants are not exercisable until
July 24, 2019, the six-month anniversary from the date of issuance. Each warrant expires on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance
date. 

The Company recorded and Series A Warrants ) issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

2020 Offering Warrants 

Each warrant expires
on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
reported 2020 Offering Warrants issued and outstanding to purchase . 

2021 Offering Warrants 

In the July 11, 2021 offering, the Company sold
 warrants (each warrant exercisable into 1/65th share of common stock) for a total of shares of common stock, at an exercise
price equal to per share of common stock (as adjusted for the 1-for-65 reverse stock split), and are immediately exercisable
until the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance. 

In connection with the offering, the Company issued
to the Placement Agent or its designees warrants to purchase an aggregate of 283 of common stock (as adjusted for the 1-for-65 reverse
stock split) at an exercise price equal to of the offering price in the offering, or 10,591.10 per share as adjusted for
the 1-for-65 reverse stock split) (the 2021 Placement Agent Warrants ). The 2021 Placement Agent Warrants are immediately
exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the commencement of sales of the offering. 

The Company reported 2021 Offering Warrants of
 and 2021 Placement Agent Warrants of issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total fair
value of such warrants amounted to and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in warrant and preferred
investment option liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 28 

per share which expires on . In accordance with the underlying agreement, in connection with the Company s
offering of Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock and the warrants on February 15, 2022, the warrant was adjusted
to purchase an aggregate of shares (as adjusted for reverse stock-split) of the Company s common stock for 
per share. On June 8, 2022, the Company and the investor entered into a warrant repurchase agreement to repurchase the warrant
for . 

2022 Offering Warrants 

On February 15, 2022, in connection with the Company s
offer and sale of shares of Series F Preferred Stock and shares of Series G Preferred Stock, the Company sold 
warrants at an exercise price of per share (warrants exercisable into shares of common stock as adjusted for reverse
stock split of common stock at an exercise price equal to per share). The warrants are exercisable from until
the fifth anniversary of the initial exercise date. 

In connection with the offering, the Company issued
to the designees of the Placement Agent, for serving as the placement agent of the offering, warrants to purchase an aggregate
of shares of its common stock as adjusted for reverse stock split, at an exercise price equal to per share (the 2022
Placement Agent Warrants ). The 2022 Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable from until February 15, 2027. 

The Company reported 2022 Offering Warrants of
 warrants and 2022 Placement Agent Warrants of warrants issued and outstanding, each warrant exercisable at an exercise
price of per share, as adjusted for , as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total
fair value of such warrants amounted to and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in warrant
and preferred investment option liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

June 2022 Offering Warrants 

In the June 2022 Offering, the Company sold 
warrants at an exercise price of per share to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (each
warrant exercisable is adjusted for reverse stock split of common stock). The 2022 Offering warrants are immediately exercisable
until the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance. 

In connection with the offering, the Company issued
to the Placement Agent or its designees, warrants at an exercise price of per share to purchase of shares of common
stock at an exercise price of per share (as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock split) (the June 2022 Placement Agent Warrants ).
The June 2022 Placement Agent Warrants are immediately exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the commencement of sales of the offering.
Immediately following the June 2022 Offering, warrants shares of common stock, as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock
split) of the June 2022 Warrants were exercised. 

The Company reported June 2022 Offering Warrants
of warrants, and June 2022 Placement Agent Warrants of warrants, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. Each warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of per share (as adjusted for reverse stock split), to
purchase shares of common stock for June 2022 Offering Warrants and 2,915 shares of common stock of June 2022 Placement Agent Warrants
as adjusted for 1-for 65 reverse stock split of common stock as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total fair value of such
warrants amounted to and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in warrant and preferred investment
option liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

July 2022 Preferred Investment Options 

In
the July 2022 Offering, the Company sold Series A Preferred Investment Options to purchase an aggregate of shares
of common stock (the Series A Preferred Investment Options and Series B Preferred Investment Options to purchase an aggregate
of shares of common stock (the Series B Preferred Investment Options ). The Series A and B Preferred Investment
Options (each option is exercisable at per share as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock split), and are immediately exercisable
until the third and second anniversary, of the commencement of sales of the offering. 

In connection with the July 2022 Offering, the
Company offered to the placement agent Preferred Investment Options July 2022 Placement Options to purchase up to 
shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The July 2022 Placement Options have substantially the same terms as
the Series A Preferred Investment Options, except that the July 2022 Placement Options have an exercise price equal to per share
of common stock per share and shall expire on the third anniversary from the date of the commencement of sales in the July 2022 Offering. 

In connection with the July 2022 Offering, the
investors in the private placement agreed to cancel the Series A Preferred Investment Options and Series B Preferred Investment Options
to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of our common stock which were previously issued to the investors in July 2022. Each
option is exercisable at an exercise price of per share as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock split. As of December 31, 2023
and 2022, the Company reported July 2022 Options shares as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock split) issued and outstanding,
respectively. The total fair value of such securities amounted to and as December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and
is included in warrant and preferred investment option liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 29 

Series C Preferred Investment Options to purchase an aggregate of shares at an exercise price of per share
(as adjusted for 1-for- 65 reverse stock split) of common stock (the Series C Preferred Investment Options ). The 
Series C Preferred Investment Options include the )
of cancelled Series A and Series B Preferred Investment Options. 

The Series C Preferred Investment Options have
an exercise price equal to and are immediately exercisable until the third anniversary of the commencement of sales of the offering.
In consideration for serving as the placement agent in connection with the November 2022 Offering, the Company issued to the placement
agent preferred investment options to purchase up to shares of common stock November 2022 Placement Options ). The
November 2022 Placement Options have substantially the same terms as the Series C Preferred Investment Options, except that the November
2022 Placement Options have an exercise price equal to per share and expire on the third anniversary from the date of the commencement
of sales in the November 2022 Offering. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, Series C Preferred
Investment Options were exercised in connection with the August 2023 transaction described below. The Company reported Series C
Preferred Investment Options and July 2022 Options (as adjusted for reverse stock split) that were issued and outstanding
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total fair value of such securities was and as of December 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in warrant and preferred investment option liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. 

June 2023 Offering Warrants 

In the June 2023 Offering, the Company sold 
Series D Offering Warrants at an exercise price of per share, to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise
price of (as adjusted for reverse stock split). 

The Series D Offering Warrants are immediately
exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the commencement of sales of the offering. 

In consideration for serving as the placement
agent in connection with the June 2023 Offering, the Company issued to the placement agent warrants to purchase up to shares
of common stock (as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock split) June 2023 Placement Warrants ). The June 2023 Placement Warrants
have substantially the same terms as the Series D Offering Warrants, except that the June 2023 Placement Warrants have an exercise price
equal to per share. 

As of December 31, 2023, the Company recorded
 Series D Offering Warrants to purchase shares of common stock (as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock split), and 
warrants to purchase shares of common stock of June 2023 Placement Warrants (as adjusted for 1-for-65 reverse stock split) issued
and outstanding. The total fair value of such securities amounted to as of December 31, 2023 and is included in warrant and
preferred investment option liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 30 

shares the Company s common
stock (the New Warrant Shares to certain holders of the Company s then existing Series C preferred investment options
(the Series C Preferred Investment Options issued to such investors in the Company s November 2022 Private Placement
discussed above. The New Warrants were issued pursuant to an Inducement Offer Letter Agreement, dated August 14, 2023, between the Company
and the investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to reduce the original exercise price of the Series C Preferred Investment Options
from per share to in exchange for the investors agreeing to exercise their Series C Preferred Investment Options
for cash on or before 10:00 p.m. on August 14, 2023. All of the Series C Preferred Investment Options were exercised before the deadline. 

On August 15, 2023, the Company filed a prospectus
supplement pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-268537) declared effective by the SEC on
December 2, 2022 therein registering the securities issued by the Company in the November 2022 Private Placement, including the Series
C Preferred Investment Options and the shares of common stock issuable thereunder, to reflect the reduced exercise price of the Series
C Preferred Investment Options. 

Each New Warrant is exercisable for 20.81 per
share of common stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits, reorganizations and recapitalizations) immediately upon issuance until
the fifth anniversary from the date of the issuance date. If at the time of exercise of the New Warrants there is no effective registration
statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the New Warrant Shares, the New Warrants
may be exercised in whole or in part by means of a cashless exercise. On August 24, 2023, the Company filed a registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-274189) to register the New Warrant Shares. The registration statement was declared effective by the
SEC on September 1, 2023. 

In consideration for serving as the placement
agent in connection with the August 2023 transaction, the Company paid to the placement agent a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds
received from the Holders exercise of their Series C Preferred Investment Options, as well as a management fee equal to of
the gross proceeds from the exercise of the Series C Preferred Options. Also, upon any exercise for cash of any New Warrants, the Company
has agreed to pay the placement agent a cash fee of of the aggregate gross exercise price paid in cash with respect the exercise
of the New Warrants, and a management fee of of the aggregate gross exercise price paid in cash with respect to the New Warrants,
and also reimbursed the placement agent for its expenses in connection with the exercise of the Series C Preferred Investment Options
and the issuance of the New Warrants, for fees and expenses of legal counsel and other out-of-pocket expenses, and non-accountable
expenses in the amount of and clearing fee of . The Company also (i) issued the placement agent warrants (the Placement
Agent Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock of the Series C Preferred Investment Options exercised) which
have the same terms as the New Warrants except the Placement Agent Warrants for per share of the reduced exercise price
of the Series C Preferred Investment Options) and (ii) agreed to issue the placement agent additional Placement Agent Warrant exercisable
for that number of shares of common stock equal to of the aggregate number of such shares of common stock underlying the New Warrants
that have been exercised, which will have the same terms as the New Warrants except for an exercise price equal to per share. 

The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million from the exercise of the Series C Preferred Investment Options, after deducting commissions and expenses payable by the
Company. The Company used the net proceeds for general corporate and working capital purposes. 

Equity Incentive Plans 

The 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 

The 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016
Plan was adopted by the board of directors and approved by the shareholders on July 6, 2016. The awards per 2016 Plan may be granted
through July 5, 2026, to the Company s employees, consultants, directors and non-employee directors provided such consultants, directors
and non-employee directors render good faith services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction.
The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is shares of common stock shares of common
stock as adjusted for the 1-for-65 reverse stock split), which amount will be (a) reduced by awards granted under the 2016 Plan, and (b)
increased to the extent that awards granted under the 2016 Plan are forfeited, expire or are settled for cash (except as otherwise provided
in the 2016 Plan). No employee will be eligible to receive more than shares of common stock shares of common stock as adjusted for
the 1-for-65 reverse stock split), in any calendar year under the 2016 Plan pursuant to the grant of awards. 

The 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 

Effective July 1, 2018, the board of directors
and the stockholders of the Company approved and adopted the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ).
The 2018 Plan supplements, and does not replace, the existing 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Awards may be granted under the 2018 Plan through
September 30, 2023 to the Company s employees, officers, consultants, and non-employee directors. The maximum number of shares
of our common stock that may be issued under the 2018 Plan is shares of common stock shares of common stock as adjusted for the), which amount will be (a) reduced by awards granted under the 2018 Plan, and (b) increased to the extent
that awards granted under the 2018 Plan are forfeited, expire or are settled for cash (except as otherwise provided in the 2018 Plan). 

F- 31 

Options Granted -
 -
 Options exercised -
 Options forfeited -
 -
 Balance - December 31, 2022 395,46
 Options Granted -
 -
 Options exercised -
 -
 Options forfeited -
 -
 Balance - December 31, 2023 

Restricted Stock Units 

On April 4, 2020, the Company has granted 9 restricted
stock units RSU to two officers of the Company at the fair value of per RSU on the grant date. These units have
the following vesting term: on January 1, 2021, on January 1, 2022 and on January 1, 2023. The fair value of these units as
of the grant date was based on the closing price of the Company s stock. The 9 RSUs are fully vested and remain issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 

As of December 31, 2023, there was no unrecognized
compensation expense. 

The 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

Effective September 21, 2022, the board of directors
and the stockholders of the Company approved and adopted the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ).
The 2022 Plan supplements, and does not replace, the existing 2016 or 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. Awards may be granted under the 2022
Plan through 2032 to the Company s employees, officers, consultants, and non-employee directors. The maximum number of shares of
our common stock that may be issued under the 2022 Plan is shares of common stock shares of common stock as adjusted
for the which amount will be (a) reduced by awards granted under the 2022 Plan, and (b) increased to the
extent that awards granted under the 2022 Plan are forfeited, expire or are settled for cash (except as otherwise provided in the 2022
Plan). 

On December 28, 2022, the Company granted stock options to
purchase shares of common stock to management and employees of the Company. of such stock options shares of common
stock after have the following vesting term: vest upon the grant date, and the remaining vest in equal
installments on the last day of each of the following thirty-six months. The remaining stock options have the following vesting term:
in equal installments on the last day of each of the following forty-eight months. The fair value of these stock options as of the grant
date was based on the closing price of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2023, there was of unrecognized
compensation expense. 

Options exercised -
 Options forfeited -
 -
 Balance - December 31, 2022 Options Granted -
 -
 Options exercised -
 -
 Options forfeited -
 -
 Balance - December 31, 2023 

The Company recorded compensation expense of 
and for the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 32 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
 -
 
 -

State taxes 

Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option
liability 

Other permanent items 

Valuation allowance 

Tax expense at actual rate 
 -
 
 -

Allowance for sales discounts 
 
 -

Depreciation 

Right of use assets 
 
 -

Lease liabilities 
 
 -

Research and development 

Stock-based compensation 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax
effects of transactions reported in the consolidated financial statements and consist of deferred taxes related primarily to differences
between the bases of certain assets and liabilities for financial and tax reporting. The deferred taxes represent the future tax return
consequences of those differences, which will either be deductible or taxable when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. 

Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code Section
382 ), imposes limitations on a corporation s ability to utilize its Net Operating Losses NOLs ), if it experiences
an ownership change. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership percentage
of certain stockholders in the stock of the corporation by more than over a three-year period. In the event of an ownership change,
utilization of the NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of the Company s
stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. The Company has not completed a Section 382 study
at this time; however, should a study be completed certain NOLs may be subject to such limitations. Any future annual limitation may
result in the expiration of NOLs before utilization. 

As of December 31, 2023, the Company had approximately
 of federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards that may be available to offset future taxable income. As
of that date, approximately of federal net operating losses will . The remaining
 of federal net operating losses should have an indefinite life and subjected to of federal taxable income. The Company
also had approximately of state NOLs that begin to expire in 2033. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance on
the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of its realization. The net change in the valuation allowance for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 was an increase of and , respectively. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company s
income tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessment
by these taxing authorities. Accordingly, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will realize the benefits of tax
positions it has taken in its tax returns or for the amount of any tax benefit that exceeds the cumulative probability threshold in accordance
with FASB ASC 740. Differences between the estimated and actual amounts determined upon ultimate resolution, individually or in the aggregate,
are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position. The Company believes its tax positions are
all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits.
The Company is no longer subject to the U.S. federal and state income tax examination to the extent the net operating losses are carried
forward and impact a year that is open to examination by the authorities. The Company s income tax returns for the years 2020-2022
are subject to examination. 

F- 33 

to of gross sales and are generally
based upon product purchases or specific advertising campaigns. Such allowances are accrued when the related revenue is recognized. These
cooperative advertising arrangements provide a distinct benefit and fair value, and are accounted for as direct selling expenses. 

Sales commissions are expensed when incurred
as the related revenue is recognized at a point in time and therefore, the amortization period is less than one year. As a result, these
costs are recorded as direct selling expenses, as incurred. 

The Company has also elected to adopt the practical
expedient related to shipping and handling fees which allows the Company to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after
control of the related good transfers as fulfillment activities instead of assessing such activities as performance obligations. Therefore,
shipping and handling activities are considered part of the Company s obligation to transfer the products and therefore are recorded
as direct selling expenses, as incurred. 

 The Company s allowance for sales returns amounted to and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 34 

and of the total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023.The Company sold its products
to two customers that accounted for approximately and of the total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022.Two customers
accounted for and of the total accounts receivable balance due to the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Concentration of Suppliers 

The Company purchased products from three vendors
for the year ended December 31, 2023 that accounted for approximately , , and of its total cost of goods sold. 

The Company purchased products from three vendors for the year ended
December 31, 2022 that accounted for approximately , and of its total cost of goods sold. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

The Company maintains its cash in bank and financial
institution deposits that at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts through
December 31, 2023. The Company s bank balances exceeded FDIC insured amounts at times during the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s bank balance exceeded the FDIC insured amounts by 
and respectively. 

Geographic Concentration 

Canada 

Europe 

Mexico 

United Kingdom 

United States 

Total 

, which was less than the net loss previously reported
in the March 31, 2023 Original Form 10-Q, net loss for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 of , which was more than the
net loss reported in the previously reported, in the June 30, 2023 Original Form 10-Q, and net loss for the quarter ended September 30,
2023 of , which was more than the net loss reported in the September 30, 2023 Original Forms 10-Q. 

F- 35 

Accounts receivables, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property equipment 

Right of use assets 
 
 -

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability, current maturities 
 
 -

Short term loan payable 
 
 -

Warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current maturities 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 36 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total Revenues, Net of Allowances 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Metal goods 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 
 
 -

Total Operating Expenses 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Other Income (Expense) 

Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 
 -

Interest expense 
 
 -

Total Other Income (Expense) 
 
 -

Net Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Provision 

Income tax 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Income (Loss) 

Redemption of Series D Preferred Stock deemed dividend 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Common Stock deemed dividend 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Income (Loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

F- 37 

Adjustments to reconcile from net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 
 -

Amortization or right of use 
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability 
 
 -

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from loan payable 
 
 -

Repayments of loan payable 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 -

Effect of exchange rate on cash 
 -

Net decrease in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 -

-

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 

Repayment of short-term loan payable in exchange of new short-term loan payable 

F- 38 

Accounts Receivables, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property equipment 
 
 -

Right of use assets 
 
 -

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability, current maturities 
 
 -

Short term loan payable 
 
 -

Warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current maturities 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 
 
 -

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 39 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total Revenues, Net of Allowances 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Metal goods 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Other Income (Expense) 

Warrant issuance cost 
 
 -

-

Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 
 -

-

Interest expense 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

Net Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Provision 

Income tax 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Income (Loss) 

Redemption of Series D Preferred Stock deemed dividend 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Common Stock deemed dividend 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Income (Loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

F- 40 

Adjustments to reconcile from net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 
 -

Provision for credit losses 
 
 -

Amortization or right of use assets 
 
 -

Warrant issuance cost 
 
 -

Loss on sale of property and equipment 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from short term loan payable 
 
 -

Repayments of short-term loan payable 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 
 -

Net decrease in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 -

-

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial fair value of warrants and preferred investment options 

Initial value of lease liability 

Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 

Repayment of short-term loan payable in exchange of new short-term loan payable 

F- 41 

Accounts receivables, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property equipment 
 
 -

Right of use assets 
 
 -

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease Liability, current maturities 
 
 -

Short term loan payable 

Warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current maturities 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock 

Additional paid in capital 
 
 -

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 42 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total Revenues, Net of Allowances 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Metal goods 

Soft goods 

Electronic goods 

Total Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Other Income (Expense) 

Warrant issuance cost 
 
 -

-

Change in the fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liabilities 
 
 -

-

Inducement expense 
 
 - 

-

Interest expense 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

Net Income (Loss) Before Income Tax Provision 

Income tax 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Income (Loss) 

Redemption of Series D Preferred Stock deemed dividend 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Common Stock deemed dividend 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Income (Loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

F- 43 

Adjustments to reconcile from net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 
 -

Provision for credit losses 

Loss on sale of property and equipment 
 -

Inducement expense 
 
 -

Amortization of right of use assets 
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 
 -

Warrant issuance cost 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of stock, net of costs 
 
 -

Proceeds from short term loan payable 
 
 -

Repayments of short-term loan payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of currency fluctuation on cash 
 -

Net (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial fair value of warrant and preferred investment option liability 
 
 -

Initial value of lease liability 
 
 -

Repayment of short-term loan payable in exchange for new short-term loan payable 

Purchase of property and equipment in accounts payable 
 
 -

F- 44 

shares of common stock as fractional shares that resulted from the Reverse Stock Split that was effective January 1, 2024. 

February 2024 Public Offering 

On February 13, 2024, the Company completed a
public offering (the Offering of (i) shares (the Common Shares of its common stock, par value 
per share (the Common Stock (ii) prefunded warrants (the Prefunded Warrants exercisable for an
aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Prefunded Warrant Shares and (iii) Series F Warrants (the Series
F Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Series F Warrant Shares issued pursuant
to the securities purchase agreement, dated February 13, 2024 (the Securities Purchase Agreement ), between the Company and
certain institutional investors (the Investors ). 

The offering price of each Common Share and accompanying Series
F Warrant was . The Offering price of each Prefunded Warrant and accompanying Series F Warrant was . The Common Shares, Prefunded
Warrants, Prefunded Warrant Shares, Series F Warrants and Series F Warrant Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities. 
The Series F Warrants have an exercise price of per share of Common Stock, are exercisable upon issuance and expire 
from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the Series F Warrants is subject to adjustment for stock splits, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and similar capital transactions as described in the Series F Warrants. The Prefunded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be
exercised at a nominal consideration of per share of Common Stock at any time until all of the Prefunded Warrants are exercised
in full. 

In consideration for consummating this Offering, the Company paid the
placement agent a cash fee equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering, a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds
of the Offering and reimbursed the placement agent for certain expenses and legal fees. The Company also issued warrants to designees
of the placement agent (the Placement Agent Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the
 Placement Agent Warrant Shares ). The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Series F Warrants,
except that the Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to per share of the offering price of the Common
Share and accompanying Series F Warrant), and expire on the fifth anniversary from the date of the commencement of sales in the Offering,
February 13, 2029. 

The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million from the Offering, after deducting Offering expenses payable by the Company, including the placement agent s commissions
and fees. 

February 2024 Warrant Amendments - Series
D Warrants 

In connection with the Offering, on February 13,
2024, the Company entered into a warrant amendment agreement with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to lower the exercise
price of the Investors Series D Warrants from per share (as adjusted for the reverse stock split of the Company s
Common Stock on January 2, 2024) to , the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on February 13, 2024, in consideration
for a cash payment of an aggregate of . The Series D Warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of shares of Common
Stock and were issued to the Investors on June 23, 2023. The amended exercise price of the Series D Warrants was effective on February
16, 2024. 

The shares of Common Stock underlying the Series
D Warrants sold in the private transaction on June 23, 2023 were registered on behalf of the purchasers thereof on a registration statement
on Form S-1 (File No: 333-271181) declared effective by the SEC on June 21, 2023. 

February 2024 Warrant Amendments 
Investor Warrants 

In connection with the Offering, on February
13, 2024, the Company entered into a warrant amendment agreement with an Investor in the Offering pursuant to which the Company agreed
to lower the exercise price of the Investor s warrants (the Common Warrants from per share (as adjusted for
the reverse stock split of the Company s Common Stock on January 2, 2024) to , the closing price of the Company s
Common Stock on February 13, 2024, in consideration for a cash payment of an aggregate of . The Common Warrants are exercisable
for an aggregate of shares of Common Stock and were issued to the Investor in connection with a private transaction of the Company
on August 14, 2023. The amended exercise price of the investor s Common Warrants was effective on February 16, 2024. 

October 7, 2022 Litigation 

On October 7, 2022, a shareholder derivative action was initiated by
a stockholder (the Plaintiff against us, Michael Panosian, Joshua Keeler, Zareh Khachatoorian, Martin Galstyan, et al. Defendants ), in Nevada s Eighth Judicial District Court, Case No. A-22-859580-B. The Plaintiff alleged breaches of
fiduciary duty by the Defendants, accusing them of failing in their duties in relation to a registered direct offering of Series F and
G preferred stock in February 2022, and a 1-for-150 reverse stock split in April 2022. The Plaintiff sought damages exceeding ,
attorney fees, an accounting of books and records, equity relief, and reimbursement of legal costs. 

F- 45 

as of May 31, 2023, and seeks damages including future rent through May 31, 2027, totaling at least , minus avoidable
costs, along with costs for recovering the premises, reletting expenses, attorney s fees, leasing commissions for the lease s
unexpired term, prejudgment interest, and court fees. The Company agreed to pay PCS in full settlement of the disputes, and has
paid in June 2024, in July 2024, and paid on October 9, 2024. Both parties agreed to a general release of all
past and present claims related to the litigation, with an explicit waiver of California Civil Code Section 1542. The Agreement contains
no admission of liability by any party. This settlement concludes all disputes from the litigation, allowing the Company to avoid further
litigation costs and risks. 

Settlement of Lease Obligations Concord Z Property Development,
LLC 

 On June 6, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with
Concord Property Development, LLC Landlord to resolve a dispute arising from nonpayment of rent under a Commercial Lease
Agreement dated October 31, 2022, for commercial premises located at 500 South Main Street, Suite 101, Mooresville, North Carolina. Under
the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Landlord a total settlement amount of Six Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand
Three Hundred Eighty-Eight Dollars in four scheduled payments: (i) on or before June 30, 2024; (ii) on or before
July 31, 2024; (iii) on or before August 31, 2024; and (iv) on September 30, 2024. The Company has made all the payments
totaling pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Settlement Agreement stipulates that upon the Company s
timely payment of the full settlement amount, the Landlord will release and forever discharge the Company from any claims, demands, damages,
liabilities, or causes of action related to the lease and the dispute. Additionally, the Settlement Agreement provides that in the event
of the Company s default on its payment obligations, the Landlord is entitled to record a Confession of Judgment against the Company,
creditable with any payments made. The Agreement also specifies that it is not to be considered an admission of liability by any party.
The litigation with was Concord settled on September 30, 2024. 

Warrant Conversion 

On July 31, 2024, the Company received cash consideration
of and issued shares of common stock on conversion of warrants at per warrant. 

On August 2, 2024, the Company received cash consideration
of and issued shares of common stock on conversion of warrants at per warrant. 

Series I Preferred Stock 

On August 13, 2024, the board
of directors (the Board of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. a Nevada corporation, declared the formation of and approved the
issuance of an aggregate of shares of Series I Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series I ). On August
26, 2024, the Company filed a certificate of designation (the Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State
therein establishing the Series I Preferred Stock and describing the rights, obligations and privileges of the Series I Preferred Stock.
Concurrently, the Company issued the shares of Series I on the same date, in book-entry form to Michael Panosian, Chief Executive
Officer. 

The Series I consist of 100
shares. Each share of Series I has a par value of per share. The Series I is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares
of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company. The Series I has no stated maturity and is not subject to any
sinking fund. The holder of Series I will not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. Each holder of Series I has full voting rights
and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of holders of common stock, and for so long as Series I is issued and outstanding, the
holder of the Series I shall vote together as a single class with the holders of the Company s common stock and the holders of any
other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock, with the holder of Series I being entitled to of the total
votes on all such matters regardless of the actual number of shares of the Series I then outstanding, and the holders of common stock
and any other shares entitled to vote being entitled to their proportional share of the remaining of the total votes based on their
respective voting power. The holder of Series I shall not be entitled to receive any distributions in the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company. 

F- 46 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None . 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures
designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily
applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

The Company s management, with the participation
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2023. Based
on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
As of December 31, 2023, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013 Framework). 

46 

Based on this assessment, our management concluded
that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2023, due to material weaknesses in our internal
controls over financial reporting. These material weaknesses resulted in significant adjusting entries and the restatement of our quarterly
financial statements, as disclosed in this Form 10-K. The material weaknesses identified are described below: 

1. Inadequate Control Environment : The Company lacks an effective control environment aligned with
its financial reporting requirements. Specifically, there is an insufficient number of professionals with the necessary accounting knowledge,
training, and experience to properly analyze, record, and disclose accounting matters in a timely and accurate manner. This also affects
the ability to achieve complete, accurate, and timely financial accounting, reporting, and disclosures, as well as effective controls
over the preparation and review of account reconciliations. 

2. Absence of a Functioning Audit Committee : The lack of a functioning audit committee results in
ineffective oversight in establishing and monitoring required controls and procedures. This includes, but not limited to, policies
and procedures related to the approval and authorization of related party transactions. 

3. Inadequate Segregation of Duties : There is inadequate segregation of duties, which is essential
for achieving control objectives. 

4. Deficient Controls for Transactions : The Company lacks effective controls related to accounting
for certain routine, non-routine, complex, or unusual events or transactions. This deficiency has resulted in numerous significant adjusting
entries. 

5. Information Technology Control Weaknesses : There are ineffective controls related to information
technology, particularly in reviewing system implementations, user provisioning, user rights, service organization control reports, and
establishing a comprehensive cybersecurity program. 

6. Insufficient Documentation of Internal Controls : There is a lack of documentation to support management's
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting, including, but not limited to, mapping of controls in accordance with the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations framework. 

Management has undertaken a remediation plan to address
these material weaknesses. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company continued to enhance its internal control over financial
reporting through various initiatives, including investing in IT systems, enhancing the organizational structure, providing guidance and
training to educate employees, and further developing detailed policies and procedures. Management believes that the lack of functioning
audit committee could result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. 

Management will continue to monitor and evaluate
the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed
to taking further actions and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. The Company expects
to remediate these material weaknesses in the near future. However, additional material weaknesses may be identified that could require
additional time and resources to remediate. The Company remains committed to ensuring its internal control over financial reporting is
designed and operating effectively. 

Although the Company did not include an attestation
report of the independent registered public accounting firm in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company acknowledges the deficiencies
in its internal control over financial reporting and is actively working toward remediation and improvement. The Company will continue
to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting to ensure timely and accurate financial reporting. 

Attestation Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to the deferral allowed under the Jobs Act for emerging
growth companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than with respect to the remediation efforts
discussed above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2023 that has materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

47 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The names, positions and ages of our non-independent
directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Michael Panosian 
 62 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of
 Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 
 January 1, 2012 
 
 Martin Galstyan 
 38 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 - 
 
 Joshua Keeler 
 48 
 Chief Design Officer and Director 
 June 7, 2019 
 
 Zareh Khachatoorian 
 65 
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 
 - 

Directors serve until the
next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve for one year until the meeting
of the Board following the annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

Michael Panosian, Co-founder, President,
CEO and Chairman of the Board 

Mr. Panosian co-founded our
Company in 2012 and has been CEO, President, and Chairman of the Board since inception. Mr. Panosian has over 25 years of experience
in the commercialization process, including innovation, design direction, product development, brand management, marketing, merchandising,
sales, supply chain, and finance. Mr. Panosian has a deep knowledge of doing business in China, where he has managed large sourcing and
manufacturing teams. Mr. Panosian s educational background is in technical aerospace engineering, and he is a graduate of Northrop University
with specializations in helicopters and jet engines. He has been a visionary and an inventor throughout his career and holds numerous
patents and trademarks. Mr. Panosian s business background also includes construction and real estate development, product design, and
innovation consultancy. We believe Mr. Panosian is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his business and leadership experience. 

Martin Galstyan, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Galstyan has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer
since July 2, 2020. He joined the Company in 2012 as an account manager and became controller in 2014. Mr. Galstyan set up the company s
Enterprise Resource Planning system and EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) for its big box retailers. Mr. Galstyan earned a Bachelor s
degree in Accounting from Woodbury University in California. 

48 

Joshua Keeler, Co-founder, Chief Design
Officer and Director 

As the Chief Design Officer at our Company, Mr. Keeler is responsible
for all product development since the inception of the Company. Mr. Keeler is also a member of the Board. He co-founded our Company in
2012 and worked directly with Mr. Panosian to bring innovative ideas to the market. Mr. Keeler is an Art Center College of Design graduate
with a Bachelor of Science (BS) in Industrial Design. Mr. Keeler has over 12 years of product development experience, working on projects
spanning several fields, including automotive, personal electronics, sporting goods, and a vast expanse of tools. From 1999 to 2000, he
was co-owner and Vice President of Oracle Industrial Design, Co., a private company specializing in industrial design and product development.
From August 2000 to April 2004, Mr. Keeler worked for Positec Power Tool Co., a private company in Suzhou, China, designing and creating
an extensive innovation library of numerous power tool concepts. From August 2005 to April 2008, Mr. Keeler was the chief designer for
Harbinger International, Inc. From August 2008 to April 2012, he was the chief designer for Pandun Inc., specializing in innovative tools
and supporting products. He has lived in China and has extensive experience working directly with manufacturers to get designs into production.
Mr. Keeler became a Director at our 2019 Annual Meeting and is deemed suitable to serve as a director by our Board due to his depth of
knowledge in the industry. 

Zareh Khachatoorian, Chief Operating Officer
and Secretary 

Mr. Khachatoorian has over
30 years of experience in corporate purchasing, product development, merchandising, and operations. Before joining ToughBuilt in January
2016, Mr. Khachatoorian was the President of Mount Holyoke Inc. in Northridge, California, starting in May 2014. Mr. Khachatoorian led
Mount Holyoke Inc. in servicing its entire import and distribution operations. From August 2008 to April 2014, Mr. Khachatoorian was
Vice President of Operations at Allied International in Sylmar, California. At Allied, Mr. Khachatoorian was responsible for managing
overseas and domestic office employees and departments involved in procurement and purchasing, inventory management, product development,
engineering, control and quality assurance, and other related areas. Mr. Khachatoorian holds a BS in Industrial Systems Engineering from
the University of Southern California. Additionally, Mr. Khachatoorian has been credited as the inventor or co-inventor of more than
twenty issued patents and several pending patents with the USPTO. Mr. Khachatoorian is fluent in Armenian and Farsi. 

Independent Directors 

The names, positions, and ages of our independent
directors are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Audit Committee 
 Compensation Committee 
 Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Chris Homeister 
 55 
 Member 
 Chairperson 
 Member 
 December 11, 2023 
 
 Robert Faught 
 72 
 Member 
 Member 
 Chairperson 
 November 14, 2018 
 
 Monica Pitterle 
 63 
 Chairperson (Financial Expert) 
 Member 
 Member 
 July 23, 2024 

Chris Homeister, Director 

Chris Homeister was elected
to our board of directors at our annual stockholders meeting on December 11, 2023. Chris has been serving as the Managing Partner
for Keystone Capital Group, LLC, a private equity firm that focuses on providing financial capital to small and middle-market
companies. Since April 2022, He has also served as the Consumer Operating Partner for LongueVue Capital. From June 2019 to June
2021, Mr. Homeister served as Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer for GameStop Corp. (NYSE: GME) GameStop where Chris led the overall product assortment and strategy, supply chain and transportation, visual
merchandising, pricing, forecasting, demand planning, private label licensing, financial services, vendor relations, sourcing,
refurbishment operations, and all e-commerce functions. Before joining GameStop, from October 2013 to October 2017, Mr. Homeister
served as the Chief Executive Officer, President, and a member of the board of directors of Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: TTSH),
a publicly traded specialty home improvement retailer. Earlier in his career, Homeister held several senior roles at Best Buy (NYSE:
BBY), including senior vice president of merchandising general manager and senior vice president of their Entertainment
Business Group, where he oversaw a wide array of product categories. Earlier in his career, Homeister was the vice president of
product development at Gateway, Inc. Homeister began his career at Amoco Oil Company, holding a variety of finance and product
marketing roles. Homeister is a graduate of The University of Iowa, with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in finance.
Homeister also holds an MBA degree from The University of Notre Dame. 

49 

We believe that Mr. Homeister s
experience as an executive officer and board member in the retail sector, combined with his broad financial knowledge and experience
advising and working with small to middle market companies, makes him qualified to serve on our Board. 

Robert Faught, Director 

Mr. Faught is President of RKF International,
a corporate distribution and advisory company. He currently sits on the board of Kansas City-based SmartHome Ventures, a private equity-backed
company he founded that has developed a worldwide platform for IoT (Internet of Things) products. He is also a Board Advisor for TROC,
a Miami-based company focused on selling, marketing, and merchandising consumer products within the retail environment for cable, broadband,
wireless, and home security products. Mr. Faught was previously a board member of Stratus Silver Lining, Inc., a private equity-backed
company that sold to Erickson in July 2020. From 2003 to 2013, Mr. Faught was the Senior Vice President of Consumer Channels for Philadelphia-based
Comcast. He created an industry-leading organization of retail, digital marketing, and retail store within a store through
a series of acquisitions and innovative solutions selling and marketing cable, broadband, telephone, wireless, and home security, resulting
in a 4.5BB division. He negotiated the industry s first extensive retail contracts, generating distribution in over 10,000 retail
stores nationwide. He represented the cable industry as the chairman of the Consumer/Retail Committee for CTAM from 2004 to 2013 and was
the chairman of the cable industry s Washington DC-based public interest firm. From 2001-2003, Mr. Faught was the President and
CEO of Atlanta-based Enrev Power Solutions. The Board recruited him to grow revenues and position the firm for a favorable IPO. He built,
trained, and led a high-performance cross-functional management team of Sales, Marketing, Finance and R D, and IT personnel. In 1998,
Mr. Faught was recruited by the Chairman of Philips Electronics to be the President of the Americas Region. He was brought in to lead
a turnaround and assume accountability for North and South America. He increased distribution and sales of several consumer electronic
product lines, leading to a 3.0BB joint venture with Lucent Technologies. In addition, Mr. Faught directed a team of 25 Senior Managers
and 12,000 employees, oversaw product manufacturing in Guadalajara, Mexico and traveled extensively to Paris to source European goods
and expand the product portfolio. He also sat on Tom Wheeler s (FCC Chairman) CTIA board in Washington from 1998 to 2003. Before
1998, Mr. Faught worked in Los Angeles for L.A. Cellular and in Atlanta for Bell South Cellular, where he managed Consumer sales and marketing.
Mr. Faught s prior experience also include leading Atari and Activision in senior Sales and Marketing roles. Mr. Faught has a BA
degree in Communications from John Carroll University, Cleveland, Ohio. 

We believe Mr. Faught is qualified to serve
on our Board, given his leadership and business experience. 

Monica Pitterle, Director 

Ms. Pitterle is a Certified Public Accountant
and Certified Information Systems Auditor. Since 2007, Ms. Pitterle has offered her services to a diverse portfolio of clients, across
various industries and companies, reflecting her ability to adapt and deliver value in varying corporate landscapes. Her consulting tenure
is marked by a focus on leveraging her extensive experience to guide companies through critical financial processes and operational improvements. 

50 

From 2000-2006, Ms. Pitterle served in several
key leadership roles at Comcast/Time Warner, including serving as the Twin Cities Director of Business Operations overseeing a 600 million
region with a significant subscriber base exceeding 550,000. Prior positions at Comcast/Time Warner included the St. Paul Area Director
of Business Operations and VP-Finance for the Minneapolis Area. Prior to her tenure at Comcast, from 1999-2000, Ms. Pitterle served as
the VP-Finance, Corporate Secretary, and Chief Accounting Officer, at Verdant Brands, Inc., a publicly-held manufacturer, to spearhead
efforts in cleaning up operations and maximizing its liquidation value. From 1992-1999, Ms. Pitterle served as Group Controller for a
 200 million department within ADC Telecommunications, Inc., a publicly held manufacturer of telecom equipment. From 1989-1992, Ms. Pitterle
held multiple roles, including Senior Financial Analyst, Audit Manager, and MIS Auditor, at Grand Metropolitan, PLC, an 18 billion corporation
with diverse interests across brands like Pillsbury, Burger King, Haagen-Dazs, and Alpo. From 1983-1988, Ms. Pitterle served an audit
manager at Ernst Young. 

Ms. Pitterle graduated summa cum laude from Georgetown
University with a BSBA with a major in accounting in May 1983. Her academic achievements set the foundation for her professional success
and her commitment to excellence in the field of accounting and finance. 

The Company believes Ms. Pitterle s combination
of extensive professional experience, proven leadership in financial management, and strong educational background make her a suitable
candidate to serve as a member of the Company s Board and as the Chair and audit committee financial expert of the
Board s Audit Committee. 

Corporate Governance 

The business and affairs of our
Company are managed under the direction of the Board. Our Board met 4 times in 2023. Each member attended 100 of our Board meetings. 

Term of Office 

Directors serve until the next annual meeting
of stockholders, and their respective successors are elected and qualified, subject to the earlier of their death, resignation, or removal.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board, subject to any contractual arrangements. 

Family Relationships 

On July 6, 2020, we entered into a project development
agreement with Adaptive Tech Services , ATS ), whereby ATS would assist us in the development of various suites of
technological platforms ranging from software to other digital applications to be integrated with our products. ATS is owned and operated
by the spouse of a former member of our board of directors who is also the Chairperson of our audit committee. 

On February 15, 2019, we entered into an agreement
with Cyberduction, whereby Cyberducton agreed to provide us outside services managing our website, information technology support, customer
services, and external show and convention coordination. The principal owner of Cyberduction is a sibling of our Chief Executive Officer. 

On September 01, 2020, we entered into an agreement
with Zgal Amazon Services Zgal , whereby Zgal agreed to provide us outside services managing the setup of our Amazon
presence in multiple countries in Europe, and USA including Amazon pricing, logistics and inventory coordination. The principal owner
of Zgal is a sibling of our Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors
or executive officers have been involved in any legal proceedings described in subparagraph (f) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K during
the past ten years. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a written Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the Code that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We have posted a current
copy of the Code on our website, www.toughbuilt.com . In addition, we will post all disclosures required by law or the listing standards
of OTC Expert Market, and may be subject to the listing standards of OTC Pink Sheets (upon such listing) concerning any amendments to,
or waivers from, any provision of the Code on our website. 

51 

Board Committees 

Our Board has an Audit Committee, a Compensation
Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, each comprised of our three independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

Our independent directors serve as members of
our Audit Committee. Monica Pitterle serves as the Audit Committee s chair and has been designated by our board as a financial
expert, as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Our Audit Committee oversees our corporate accounting,
financial reporting practices and the audits of financial statements. For this purpose, the Audit Committee does have a charter (which
is reviewed annually) and performs several functions. The Audit Committee performs the following: 

evaluates the independence and performance of, and assesses
the qualifications of, our independent auditor and engage such independent auditor; 

approves the plan and fees for the annual audit, quarterly reviews,
tax and other audit-related services and approves in advance any non-audit service to be provided by our independent auditor; 

monitors the independence of our independent auditor and the
rotation of partners of the independent auditor on our engagement team as required by law; 

reviews the financial statements to be included in our future
Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and review with management and our independent auditor the results of
the annual audit and reviews of our quarterly financial statements; and 

oversees all aspects our systems of internal accounting control
and corporate governance functions on behalf of the Board. 

The Audit Committee met four
(4) times in 2023. 

Compensation Committee 

Our Compensation Committee is comprised of three individuals, each
an independent director. Christopher Homeister serves as its chair. 

The Compensation Committee reviews or recommends
the compensation arrangements for our management and employees and also assists our Board in reviewing and approving matters such as Company
benefits and insurance plans, including monitoring the performance thereof. The Compensation Committee has a charter (which is reviewed
annually) and performs several functions. 

The Compensation Committee has the authority to
directly engage, at our expense, any compensation consultants or other advisers as it deems necessary to carry out its responsibilities
in determining the amount and form of employee, executive and director compensation. 

Our Compensation Committee met four (4) times
in 2023. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
is comprised of our three independent directors. Mr. Robert Faught serves as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
is charged with the responsibility of reviewing our corporate governance policies and with proposing potential director nominees to the
Board for consideration. This committee has the authority to oversee the hiring of potential executive positions in our Company. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee has a charter (which is reviewed annually) and performs several functions. 

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
met four (4) times in 2023. 

52 

Director Independence 

Our Board has reviewed the materiality of any
relationship that each of our directors has with us, either directly or indirectly. Based on this review, our Board has determined that
Chris Homeister, Monica Pitterle, and Robert Faught are independent directors as defined in Rule 10A-3 promulgated under
the Exchange Act. As such, all independent directors serve on all three of our standing Board committees, with Monica Pitterle as the
Chair of the Audit Committee, Chris Homeister as the Chair of the Compensation Committee and Robert Faught as Chair of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS)
provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right
of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving
at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he is not liable pursuant to NRS Section 78.138 or acted
in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. NRS Chapter 78 further provides that
a corporation similarly may indemnify any such person serving in any such capacity who was or is a party or is threatened to be made
a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor
by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request
of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such
action or suit if he is not liable pursuant to NRS Section 78.138 or acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the
court or other court of competent jurisdiction in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite
the adjudication of liability but in view of all of the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity
for such expenses which the court or other court of competent jurisdiction shall deem proper. 

Our Bylaws provide that we may indemnify our
officers, directors, employees, agents, and any other persons to the maximum extent permitted by the NRS. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers, or persons controlling us pursuant to the preceding provisions, we
have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and
is therefore unenforceable. 

We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
that applies to all employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer,
controller, and persons performing similar functions, including our independent directors, who are not our employees, concerning their
company-related activities. The Code incorporates guidelines designed to deter wrongdoing, promote honest and ethical conduct, and comply
with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. The Code also incorporates our expectations of our employees that enable us to provide
accurate and timely disclosure in our filings with the SEC and other public communications. In addition, the Code incorporates guidelines
pertaining to topics such as complying with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, insider trading, reporting Code violations, and
maintaining accountability for adherence to the Code. The full text of our Code is published on our website at www.toughbuilt.com
 and is incorporated by reference herein. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our Code or waivers of
such provisions granted to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
and persons performing similar functions on our website. Except as expressly stated herein, the information contained on our website
does not constitute a part of this report and is not incorporated by reference herein. 

53 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Compensation 

The following table summarizes compensation for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 for all individuals serving as our principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity
during the last completed fiscal year PEO ), regardless of compensation level, two most highly compensated executive officers
other than the PEO who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year; and up to two additional individuals
for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to paragraph (m)(2)(ii) of Item 402 of Regulation S-K but for the fact that the
individual was not serving as an executive officer of the smaller reporting company at the end of the last completed fiscal year (each
a Named Executive Officer ). 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Position 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 
 Salary ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) (1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Michael Panosian 
 2023 
 650,000 
 - 
 135,540 (2) 
 350,000 
 1,135,540 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President (PEO) 
 2022 
 635,000 
 - 
 813,240 (2) 
 350,000 
 1,798,240 

Martin Galstyan 
 2023 
 300,000 
 - 
 55,087 (3) 
 150,000 
 505,087 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 320,000 
 - 
 165,262 (3) 
 160,000 
 645,262 

Joshua Keeler 
 2023 
 475,000 
 - 
 88,140 (4) 
 150,000 
 713,140 
 
 Chief Design Officer 
 2022 
 620,000 
 - 
 528,840 (4) 
 210,000 
 1,358,840 

Zareh Khachatoorian 
 2023 
 300,000 
 - 
 55,087 (5) 
 150,000 
 505,087 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2022 
 320,000 
 - 
 165,262 (5) 
 160,000 
 645,262 

(1) 
 Other compensation includes bonus accrued but not paid. 

(2) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Michael Panosian an incentive stock option to purchase 8,308 shares
 of common stock for 116.35 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Panosian Option ). The 2022 Panosian Option vests
 50 on the grant date, with the remaining 50 vesting in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) full calendar
 months thereafter, which may be exercised in lots of a minimum of 200 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2023, approximately
 67 of the 2022 Panosian Option had vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Panosian Option is December 28, 2032, subject to terms
 of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and Mr. Panosian s employment agreement with the Company. The fair value of the option awards
 issued on the grant date was 813,240. 

(3) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Martin Galstyan an incentive stock option to purchase 1,731 shares
 of common stock for 116.35 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Galstyan Option ). The 2022 Galstyan Option vests
 in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) calendar months following the grant date, which may be exercised
 in lots of a minimum of 200 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 36 of the 2022 Galstyan Option had
 vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Galstyan Option is December 28, 2032, subject to terms of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan
 and Mr. Galstyan s employment agreement with the Company. The fair value of the option awards issued on the grant date was
 165,262. 

(4) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Joshua Keeler an incentive stock option to purchase 5,539 shares
 of common stock for 116.35 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Keeler Option ). The 2022 Keeler Option vests 50 
 on the grant date, with the remaining 50 vesting in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) full calendar
 months thereafter, which may be exercised in lots of a minimum of 200 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2023, approximately
 67 of the 2022 Keeler Option had vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Keeler Option is December 28, 2032, subject to terms of
 the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and Mr. Keeler s employment agreement with the Company. The fair value of the option awards
 issued on the grant date was 528,840. 

54 

(5) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Zareh Khachatoorian an incentive stock option to purchase 1,731
 shares of common stock for 116.35 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Khachatoorian Option ). The 2022 Khachatoorian
 Option vests in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) calendar months following the grant date, which
 may be exercised in lots of a minimum of 200 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2023, the 2022 Khachatoorian Option was
 approximately 36 vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Khachatoorian Option is December 28, 2032, subject to terms of the 2022
 Equity Incentive Plan and Mr. Khachatoorian s employment agreement with the Company. The fair value of the option awards issued
 on the grant date was 165,262. 

Employment and Related Agreements 

Except as set forth below, we currently have
no other written employment agreements with any of our officers and directors. The following is a description of our current executive
employment agreements: 

Agreements with Our Named Executive Officers 

We have entered into written employment agreements
with each of our Named Executive Officers, as described below. Each of our Named Executive Officers has also executed our standard form
of confidential information and invention assignment agreement. 

Michael Panosian Employment Agreement 

We entered into the Employment Agreement dated
December 29, 2022, with Michael Panosian (the Panosian Employment Agreement ). The Panosian Employment Agreement provides
that Mr. Panosian will serve as our Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chair of the Board for a term beginning on December 29, 2022,
and ending on December 29, 2025 (the Initial Term ), with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is
given by either party at least 90 days prior to the relevant end date. 

Under the Panosian Employment Agreement, Mr.
Panosian is entitled to (i) an annual base salary of 650,000, which may be increased annually at the sole discretion of the Board; (ii)
a potential annual target bonus of up to 350,000 payable in cash, which may be granted in the discretion of, and in an amount determined
by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of 540,000 incentive stock options, pursuant to the 2022 Plan
and also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate in the Company s
health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement for all reasonable
business expenses, including a 1,000 monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Mr. Panosian receives
will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange listing requirement
and on such basis as we determine. 

In the event we terminate Mr. Panosian without
 Cause (as defined below) at any time with 90 days prior written notice, or Mr. Panosian resigns for Good Reason 
(as defined below), Mr. Panosian will be entitled to the following, provided that he executes a general waiver and release of claims:
(i) an amount equal to 1.5 times the average of his base salary if terminated during the Initial Term, or an amount equal to one times
the average of his then base salary; (ii) monthly payments for up to 12 months (and 18 months, if terminated during the Initial Term)
of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage; and (iii) the immediate vesting of all long-term incentive
awards, that utilize time-based vesting. 

55 

In the event of Mr. Panosian s termination
by us with Cause or Mr. Panosian s resignation without Good Reason, Mr. Panosian will only be entitled to accrued and unpaid
compensation and wages accrued prior to such date. 

If, within one year following a Change of Control
of the Company, Mr. Panosian s employment is terminated involuntarily by us other than for Cause, death, or disability or by Mr.
Panosian pursuant to a voluntary termination for Good Reason, and Mr. Panosian executes and does not revoke a general release of claims
against us and our affiliates in a form acceptable to us, then we shall, in addition to any other earned but unpaid base salary and vacation
pay due through the date of such termination, provide Mr. Panosian (i) an amount equal to two times his then prevailing base salary;
(ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group
health, dental and vision coverage. 

The Panosian Employment Agreement contains restrictive
covenants prohibiting Mr. Panosian from disclosing our confidential information at any time and has executed a Proprietary Information,
Inventions Assignment, and Nondisclosure Agreement. 

Martin Galstyan Employment Agreement 

We entered into the Employment Agreement dated
December 29, 2022, with Martin Galstyan (the Galstyan Employment Agreement ). The Galstyan Employment Agreement provides
that Mr. Galstyan will serve as our Chief Financial Officer for a term beginning on December 29, 2022 and ending on December 29, 2025,
with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 90 days prior to the relevant end
date. 

Pursuant to the Galstyan Employment Agreement,
Mr. Galstyan is entitled to (i) an annual base salary of 300,000, which may be increased annually at the sole discretion of the Board;
(ii) a potential annual target bonus of up to 150,000 payable in cash, which may be granted in the discretion of, and in an amount determined
by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of 112,500 incentive stock options, pursuant to the 2022 Plan,
and also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate in the Company s
health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement for all reasonable
business expenses, including a 500 monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Mr. Galstyan receives
will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange listing requirement
and on such basis as we determine. 

In the event we terminate Mr. Galstyan without
 Cause (as defined below), or Mr. Galstyan resigns for Good Reason (as defined below), Mr. Galstyan will be
entitled to the following, provided that he executes a general waiver and release of claim and does not revoke the release: (i) an amount
equal to 6 months of his then base salary; (ii) monthly payments for up to 6 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental
and vision coverage, unless Mr. Galstyan starts receiving coverage under his subsequent employment; and (iii) continuation of his vesting
schedule per the 2022 Plan, with three months for the exercise of any vested option(s). If Mr. Galstyan s employment is terminated
by us following a Change of Control of the Company, Mr. Galstyan will be entitled to (i) an amount equal to one time his then prevailing
base salary; (ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 12 months of COBRA premiums for continued
group health, dental and vision coverage. 

In the event of Mr. Galstyan s termination
with Cause or Mr. Galstyan s resignation without Good Reason, Mr. Galstyan shall only be entitled to accrued and unpaid compensation
and wages accrued prior to such date. 

If, within one year following a Change of Control
of the Company, Mr. Galstyan s employment is terminated involuntarily by us other than for Cause, death, or disability or by Mr.
Galstyan pursuant to a voluntary termination for Good Reason, and Mr. Galstyan executes and does not revoke a general release of claims
against us and our affiliates in a form acceptable to us, then we shall, in addition to any other earned but unpaid base salary and vacation
pay due through the date of such termination, provide Mr. Galstyan (i) an amount equal to two times his then prevailing base salary;
(ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 12 months of COBRA premiums for continued group
health, dental and vision coverage. 

56 

The Galstyan Employment Agreement contains restrictive
covenants prohibiting Mr. Galstyan from disclosing our confidential information at any time. He has also executed a Proprietary Information,
Inventions Assignment, and Nondisclosure Agreement. 

Joshua Keeler Employment Agreement 

We entered into the Employment Agreement dated
December 29, 2022, with Joshua Keeler (the Keeler Employment Agreement ). The Keeler Employment Agreement provides that
Mr. Keeler will serve as our Chief Design Officer for a term beginning on December 29, 2022, and ending on December 29, 2025, with automatic
one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew is given by either party at least 90 days prior to the relevant end date. 

Under the Keeler Employment Agreement, Mr. Keeler
is entitled to (i) an annual base salary of 475,000, which may be increased annually at the sole discretion of the Board; (ii) a potential
annual target bonus of up to 150,000 payable in cash, which may be granted in the discretion of, and in an amount determined by the
Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of 360,000 incentive stock options, pursuant to the 2022 Plan, and also
be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate in the Company s
health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement for all reasonable
business expenses, including a 750 monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Mr. Keeler receives
will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange listing requirement
and on such basis as we determine. 

In the event we terminate Mr. Keeler without
 Cause (as defined below) with 90 days prior written notice, or Mr. Keeler resigns for Good Reason (as defined
below), Mr. Keeler will be entitled to the following, provided that he executes a general waiver and release of claims (i) an amount
equal to 1.5 times the average of his base salary if terminated during the Initial Term, or an amount equal to one times the average
of his then base salary; (ii) monthly payments for up to 12 months (and 18 months, if terminated during the Initial Term) of COBRA premiums
for continued group health, dental and vision coverage; and (iii) the immediate vesting of all incentive awards, that utilize time-based
vesting. If Mr. Keeler s employment is terminated by us following a Change of Control of the Company, Mr. Keeler will be entitled
to (i) an amount equal to two times his then prevailing base salary; (i) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly
payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage. 

In the event of Mr. Keeler s termination
by us with Cause or Mr. Keeler s resignation without Good Reason, Mr. Keeler shall only be entitled to accrued and unpaid compensation
and wages accrued prior to such date. 

If, within one year following a Change of Control,
Mr. Keeler s employment is terminated involuntarily by us other than for Cause, death, or disability or by Mr. Keeler pursuant
to a voluntary termination for Good Reason, and Mr. Keeler executes and does not revoke a general release of claims against us and our
affiliates in a form acceptable to us, then we shall, in addition to any other earned but unpaid base salary and vacation pay due through
the date of such termination, provide Mr. Keeler (i) an amount equal to two times his then prevailing base salary; (ii) immediate vesting
of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 18 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health, dental and vision
coverage. 

The Keeler Employment Agreement contains restrictive
covenants prohibiting Mr. Keeler from disclosing our confidential information at any time, and has executed a Proprietary Information,
Inventions Assignment and Nondisclosure Agreement. 

Zareh Khachatoorian Employment Agreement 

We entered into the Employment Agreement dated
as of December 29, 2022 with Zareh Khachatoorian (the Khachatoorian Employment Agreement and, together with the Panosian
Employment Agreement, the Galstyan Employment Agreement and the Khachatoorian Employment Agreement, the Employment Agreements ).
The Khachatoorian Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Khachatoorian will serve as our Chief Operating Officer and Secretary for a
term beginning on December 29, 2022, and ending on December 29, 2025, with automatic one (1) year extensions unless notice not to renew
is given by either party at least 90 days prior to the relevant end date. 

57 

Pursuant to the Khachatoorian Employment Agreement,
Mr. Khachatoorian is entitled to (i) an annual base salary of 300,000, which may be increased annually at the sole discretion of the
Board; (ii) a potential annual target bonus of up to 150,000 payable in cash, which may be granted in the discretion of, and in an amount
determined by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board; (iii) a grant of 112,500 incentive stock options, pursuant to the
2022 Plan, and also be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive awards from time to time under the 2022 Plan; (iv) participate
in the Company s health insurance plan offered to its employees; (v) participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan; and (vi) reimbursement
for all reasonable business expenses, including a 500 monthly automobile allowance. Any incentive-based compensation or award that Mr.
Khachatoorian receives will be subject to clawback by the Company as may be required by applicable law or, if applicable, any stock exchange
listing requirement and on such basis as we determine. 

In the event we terminate Mr. Khachatoorian without
Cause, or Mr. Khachatoorian resigns for Good Reason (each as defined in the Khachatoorian Employment Agreement), Mr. Khachatoorian will
be entitled to the following, provided that he executes a general waiver and release of claim and does not revoke the release: (i) an
amount equal to 6 months of his then base salary; (ii) monthly payments for up to 6 months of COBRA premiums for continued group health,
dental and vision coverage, unless Mr. Khachatoorian starts receiving coverage under his subsequent employment; and (iii) continuation
of his vesting schedule per the 2022 Plan, with three months for the exercise of any vested option(s). If Mr. Khachatoorian s employment
is terminated by us following a Change of Control of the Company, Mr. Khachatoorian will be entitled to (i) an amount equal to one time
his then prevailing base salary; (ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 12 months of COBRA
premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage. 

In the event of Mr. Khachatoorian s termination
with Cause or Mr. Khachatoorian s resignation without Good Cause, Mr. Khachatoorian shall only be entitled to accrued and unpaid
compensation and wages accrued before such date. 

If, within one year following a Change of Control
of the Company, Mr. Khachatoorian s employment is terminated involuntarily by us other than for Cause, death, or disability or
by Mr. Khachatoorian pursuant to a voluntary termination for Good Reason, and Mr. Khachatoorian executes and does not revoke a general
release of claims against us and our affiliates in a form acceptable to us, then we shall, in addition to any other earned but unpaid
base salary and vacation pay due through the date of such termination, provide the Mr. Khachatoorian (i) an amount equal to two times
his then prevailing base salary; (ii) immediate vesting of all incentive awards; and (iii) monthly payments for up to 12 months of COBRA
premiums for continued group health, dental and vision coverage. 

The Khachatoorian Employment
Agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Khachatoorian from disclosing our confidential information at any time. He has
also executed a Proprietary Information, Inventions Assignment and Nondisclosure Agreement. 

Definitions 

The term Cause is defined in the
Employment Agreements as any of the following: (i) willful engagement in an act or omission which is in bad faith and to the detriment
of the Company, (ii) engagement in gross misconduct, gross negligence, or willful malfeasance, in each case causing material harm to
the Company, (iii) breach of employment agreement in any material respect, (iv) executive s habitual neglect or material failure
to perform their duties (other than any such failure resulting solely from the executive s physical or mental disability or incapacity)
after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the executive which identifies the manner in which we believe that
the executive has not performed their duties, (v) committing, pleading nolo contendere , or conviction for a felony or any crime
involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, theft, or moral turpitude, or use of drugs or alcohol in a way that either interferes
with the performance of duties or compromise of the integrity or reputation of the Company, (vi) violation of any law relating to our
business, or violation of any lawful Company policy, procedure or guideline that results in material harm to the Company as determined
by us, in our reasonable discretion, or (vii) engagement in any act of dishonesty involving us, breach of any agreement with us containing
confidentiality obligations, commercial bribery, or perpetration of fraud; provided, however, that the executive shall have at least
forty-five (45) calendar days to cure, if curable, any of the events which could lead to their termination for Cause. 

58 

The term Good Reason is defined
in the Employment Agreements as any of the following that are undertaken without the executive s express written consent: (i) the
assignment to the executive of principal duties or responsibilities or the substantial reduction of the executive s duties and
responsibilities, either of which is materially inconsistent with the executive s position with us; (ii) a material reduction by
us in the executive s annual base salary (except to the extent the salaries of our other executive employees and any of our other
controlled subsidiaries are similarly reduced); (iii) the executive s principal place of business is, without his consent, relocated
by a distance of more than forty (40) miles from the center of Irvine, California; or (iv) any material breach by us of any provision
of the executive s employment agreement. 

The term Change of Control defined
in the Employment Agreements means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(i) A change in the ownership
of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires
ownership of our stock that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting
power of our stock; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who
is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of our stock will not be considered a Change of Control;
or 

(ii) A change in the effective
control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period
by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the board prior to the date of the appointment
or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition
of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change of Control; or 

(iii) A change in the ownership
of a substantial portion of our assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month
period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from us that have a total gross fair market
value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of our assets immediately prior to such acquisition
or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership
of a substantial portion of our assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by our stockholders immediately after the transfer,
or (B) a transfer of assets by us to: (1) one of our stockholders (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect
to our stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly,
by us, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all of our
outstanding stock, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly,
by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value
of our assets, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 

For purposes of this definition, persons will
be considered acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase, or acquisition
of stock or similar business transaction with the Company. 

59 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2023 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number of Securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 
 Michael Panosian, CEO Pres. (PEO) 
 5,654 (1) 
 2,654 
 - 
 116.35 
 12/28/2032 
 
 Martin Galstyan, CFO 
 625 (2) 
 1,106 
 - 
 116.35 
 12/28/2032 
 
 Joshua Keeler, CDO 
 4,231 (3) 
 1,308 
 - 
 116.35 
 12/28/2032 
 
 Zareh Khachatoorian, COO 
 625 (4) 
 1,106 
 - 
 116.35 
 12/28/2032 

(1) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Michael Panosian an incentive stock option to purchase 8,308 shares of common stock for 116.35 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Panosian Option ). The 2022 Panosian Option vests 50 on the grant date, with the remaining 50 vesting in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) full calendar months thereafter, which may be exercised in lots of a minimum of 200 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 67 of the 2022 Panosian Option was vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Panosian Option is December 28, 2032, subject to the terms of the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and Mr. Panosian s employment agreement with the Company. 

(2) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Martin Galstyan an incentive stock option to purchase 1,731 shares of common stock for 116.35 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Galstyan Option ). The 2022 Galstyan Option vests in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) calendar months following the grant date. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 36 of the 2022 Galstyan Option was vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Galstyan Option is December 28, 2032, subject to the terms of the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and Mr. Galstyan s employment agreement with the Company. 

(3) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Joshua Keeler an incentive stock option to purchase 5,539 shares of common stock for 116.35 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Keeler Option ). The 2022 Keeler Option vests 50 on the grant date, with the remaining 50 vesting in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) full calendar months thereafter. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 67 of the 2022 Keeler Option was vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Keeler Option is December 28, 2032, subject to the terms of the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and Mr. Keeler s employment agreement with the Company. 

(4) 
 On December 28, 2022, we granted Zareh Khachatoorian an incentive stock option to purchase 112,500 shares of common stock for 1.79 per share under the 2022 Plan (the 2022 Khachatoorian Option ). The 2022 Khachatoorian Option vests in equal installments on the last day of each of the thirty-six (36) calendar months following the grant date, which may be exercised in lots of a minimum of 200 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 36 of the 2022 Khachatoorian Option was vested. The expiration date of the 2022 Khachatoorian Option is December 28, 2032, subject to the terms of the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and Mr. Khachatoorian s employment agreement with the Company. 

60 

The 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 

The Toughbuilt Industries, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2016 Plan was adopted by the Board and approved by the stockholders on July 6, 2016. The awards per the 2016
Plan may be granted through July 5, 2026, to our employees, consultants, directors, and non-employee directors provided such consultants,
directors, and non-employee directors render good faith services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising
transaction. The awards under the 2016 Plan consist of options, restricted stock awards, stock bonus awards, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock units RSUs ), and performance awards. A committee of the Board or the Board shall administer the 2016
Plan. 

Incentive stock options ISOs may be granted only to employees. All other awards may be granted to our employees, consultants, directors, and non-employee directors
or any of our subsidiaries, provided such consultants, directors, and non-employee directors render bona fide services not in connection
with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction. 

Options may be vested and exercisable within
the times or upon the conditions as outlined in the award agreement governing such option; provided, however, that no option will be
exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date the option is granted; and provided further that no ISO granted to a person
who, at the time the ISO is granted, directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of
all classes of our stock or any one of our parents or subsidiaries will be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the
date the ISO is granted. The committee or Board also may provide for options to become exercisable at one time or from time to time,
periodically or otherwise, in such number of shares or percentage of shares as the committee or Board determines. 

Under the 2016 Plan, the exercise price of an
option will be determined by the committee or, if there is no committee, the Board when the option is granted, provided that: (i) the
exercise price of an option will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the shares on the date of grant and (ii) the exercise
price of any ISO granted to a 10 stockholder will not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of the shares on the date of grant. 

Under the 2016 Plan, the term Fair Market
Value is defined, as of any date, the value of a share of our common stock determined as follows: (a) if such common stock is
publicly traded and is then listed on a national securities exchange, the closing price on the date of determination on the principal
national securities exchange on which the common stock is listed or admitted to trading as officially quoted in the composite tape of
transactions on such exchange or such other source as the committee deems reliable for the applicable date; (b) if such common stock
is publicly traded but is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and
asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the committee deems reliable;
(c) in the case of an option or stock appreciation right grant made on the effective date, the price per share at which shares of our
common stock are initially offered for sale to the public by our underwriters in the initial public offering of our common stock pursuant
to a registration statement filed with the SEC under the Securities Act. 

If the number of outstanding shares of common
stock is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification
or similar change in our capital structure, without consideration, then (a) the number of shares reserved for issuance and future grant
under the 2016 Plan, (b) the exercise prices of and number of shares subject to outstanding options and stock appreciation rights, (c)
the number of shares subject to other outstanding awards, (d) the maximum number of shares that may be issued as ISOs set forth in the
2016 Plan, (e) the maximum number of shares that may be issued to an individual or to a new employee in any one calendar year set forth
in the 2016 Plan and (f) the number of shares that are granted as Awards to non-employee directors, shall be proportionately adjusted,
subject to any required action by the Board or our stockholders and in compliance with applicable securities laws; provided that fractions
of a share will not be issued. 

61 

The initial number of shares of common stock
authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan was 12 million. Due to our 1-for-6 reverse stock split on October 5, 2016, 1-for-2
reverse stock split on September 3, 2018, 1-for-10 reverse stock split on April 15, 2020, 1-for-150 reverse stock split on April 25,
2022, and 1-for-65 reverse stock split on January 2, 2024, the authorized number of shares of commons under our 2016 Plan was reduced
to 103. 

The amount of shares available for grant under
our 2016 Plan will be (a) reduced by awards granted under the 2016 Plan and (b) increased to the extent that awards granted under the
2016 Plan are forfeited, expire, or settled for cash (except as otherwise provided in the 2016 Plan). 

In addition, our Board may
amend the 2016 Plan at any time. However, without stockholder approval, our 2016 Plan may not be amended in a manner that would: 

increase the number of shares that may be issued under the 2016 Plan; 

materially modify the requirements for eligibility for participation in the 2016
 Plan; 

materially increase the benefits to participants provided by the 2016 Plan; or 

otherwise disqualify the 2016 Plan for an exemption under Rule 16b-3 promulgated
 under the Exchange Act. 

Awards previously granted under
the 2016 Plan may not be impaired or affected by any amendment of the 2016 Plan without the consent of the affected grantees. 

The 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 

On July 1, 2018, the Board and our stockholders approved
and adopted the ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2018 Plan supplements, but does not replace the existing 2016
Equity Incentive Plan. Awards may be granted under the 2018 Plan to our employees, officers, consultants, and non-employee directors through
June 30, 2023. 

The awards issuable under the 2018 Plan consist
of ISOs and non-qualified stock options NQSOs ), restricted stock awards, stock bonus awards, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock and RSUs, performance awards and other share-based awards. The Board may delegate all or a portion of the administration
of the 2018 Plan to a committee. The Board shall administer the 2018 Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the
2018 Plan to a committee. 

The initial number of shares of common stock
authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan was 2 million. On April 12, 2019, the Board and our stockholders approved increasing
the number of shares to 20 million and then, on February 14, 2020, to 35 million. Due to our 1-for-10 reverse stock split on April 15,
2020, 1-for-150 reverse stock split on April 25, 2022, and 1-for-65 reverse stock split on January 2, 2024, the authorized number of
shares of commons under our 2018 Plan was reduced to 3,590. 

The number of shares of common stock that may
be issued under the 2018 Plan will be (a) reduced by awards granted under the 2018 Plan and (b) increased to the extent that Awards granted
under the 2018 Plan are forfeited, expire, or are settled for cash (except as otherwise provided in the 2018 Plan). Currently, no employee
will be eligible to receive more than 10 of authorized shares under the 2018 Plan in any calendar year pursuant to the grant of awards. 

If any shares of common stock subject to an award
are forfeited, an award expires or otherwise terminates without issuance of shares of common stock, or an award is settled for cash (in
whole or in part) or otherwise does not result in the issuance of all or a portion of the shares of common stock subject to such award
(including payment in shares of common stock on exercise of a stock appreciation right), such shares of common stock shall, to the extent
of such forfeiture, expiration, termination, cash settlement or non-issuance, again be available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 

62 

In the event that (i) any option or other award
granted is exercised through the tendering of shares of common stock (either actually or by attestation) or by the withholding of shares
of our common stock, or (ii) withholding tax liabilities arising from such option or other award are satisfied by the tendering of shares
of common stock (either actually or by attestation) or by the withholding of shares of our common stock, then the shares of common stock
so tendered or withheld shall be available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 

The following provisions shall apply to awards
in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in a written agreement between us or any affiliate and the holder of
the award or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an award: 

In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring
 corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) may assume or continue any or all awards outstanding
 under the 2018 Plan or may substitute similar stock awards for awards outstanding under the 2018 Plan (including, but not limited
 to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to our stockholders pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition
 or repurchase rights held by us in respect of common stock issued pursuant to awards may be assigned by us to our successor (or the
 successor s parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving corporation or acquiring corporation
 may choose to assume or continue only a portion of a stock award or substitute a similar stock award for only a portion of a stock
 award. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution shall be set by the Board in accordance with the provisions of the
 2018 Plan. 

In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring
 corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue any or all outstanding awards or substitute similar stock awards
 for such outstanding awards, then with respect to awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by
 participants whose continuous service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as
 the Current Participants ), the vesting of such Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such stock awards may
 be exercised) shall (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) be accelerated in full to a date prior to the
 effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to the
 date that is five days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such Awards shall terminate if not exercised
 (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by
 us with respect to such Awards shall lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). No vested restricted
 stock unit award shall terminate without being settled by delivery of shares of common stock, their cash equivalent, any combination
 thereof, or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board, prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction. 

In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring
 corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue any or all outstanding Awards or substitute similar stock awards
 for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by
 persons other than Current Participants, the vesting of such awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such award may be exercised)
 shall not be accelerated and such awards (other than an award consisting of vested and outstanding shares of common stock not subject
 to the Company s right of repurchase) shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the effective time of the Corporate
 Transaction; provided, however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us with respect to such Awards shall not terminate
 and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction. No vested restricted stock unit award shall terminate
 without being settled by delivery of shares of common stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof, or in any other form
 of consideration, as determined by the Board, prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event an
award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion,
that the holder of such award may not exercise such award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board,
equal in value to the excess, if any, of (i) the value of the property the holder of the award would have received upon the exercise
of the award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (ii) any exercise price payable by such holder
in connection with such exercise. 

63 

The term Corporate Transaction is defined
in the 2018 Plan as the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following
events: 

a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board
 in its sole discretion, of our consolidated assets and our subsidiaries; 

a sale or other disposition of at least ninety percent (90 of the outstanding
 securities of the Company; 

the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which
 we are not the surviving corporation; or 

the consummation of a merger, consolidation, or similar transaction following which
 we are the surviving corporation, but the shares of common stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation, or
 similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation, or similar transaction into other property,
 whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 

An award may be subject to additional acceleration
of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control (as defined in the 2018 Plan) as may be provided in the agreement for
such award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between us or any affiliate and the participant. An award may vest as
to all or any portion of the shares subject to the award (i) immediately upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, whether or not such
award is assumed, continued, or substituted by a surviving or acquiring entity in the Change in Control, or (ii) in the event a participant s
Continuous Service is terminated, actually or constructively, within a designated period following the occurrence of a Change in Control.
In the absence of such provisions, no such acceleration shall occur. 

Our Compensation Committee will (i) interpret
our Plans and (ii) make all other determinations and take all other actions that may be necessary or advisable to implement and administer
our Plans. The Plans provide that in the event of a change of control event, the Compensation Committee or our Board shall have the discretion
to determine whether and to what extent to accelerate the vesting, exercise, or payment of an award. 

In addition, our Board may amend our 2018 Plan
at any time. However, without stockholder approval, our 2018 Plan may not be amended in a manner that would: 

increase the number of shares that may be issued under the 2018 Plan; 

materially modify the requirements for eligibility for participation in the 2018
 Plan; 

materially increase the benefits to participants provided by the 2018 Plan; or 

otherwise disqualify the 2018 Plan for an exemption under Rule 16b-3 promulgated
 under the Exchange Act. 

Awards previously granted under the 2018 Plan
may not be impaired or affected by any amendment of the 2018 Plan, without the consent of the affected grantees. 

2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

Our Board and our shareholders adopted the ToughBuilt
Industries, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan on August 11, 2022, and September 21, 2022, respectively, which provides for the grant of
stock options and restricted stock units to our officers, employees, directors, advisors, and consultants. A total of 20,769 shares of
common stock have initially been reserved for the issuance of awards under the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan also contains an evergreen
formula pursuant to which the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2022 Plan will automatically increase
on January 1 of each calendar year during the term of the 2022 Plan, beginning with the calendar year 2023, by an amount of shares of
common stock so that the total amount of common stock available under the 2022 Plan is equal to 15 of the total number of shares of
common stock outstanding on December 31 st of the prior calendar year. The 2022 Plan supplements,
and does not replace, our 2016 Plan and 2018 Plan. 

64 

The purpose of the 2022 Plan is to secure for
us and our shareholders the benefits inherent in share ownership by our employees, consultants, directors, and affiliates who, in the
judgment of the Board, will be primarily responsible for its future growth and success. It is generally recognized that equity incentive
plans of the nature provided for herein (i) aid in retaining and encouraging individuals of exceptional ability because of the opportunity
offered to them to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company and (ii) promote a greater alignment of interests between such persons
and shareholders of the Company. 

Awards 

The 2022 Plan authorizes the grant, from time
to time, of (i) options intended to qualify under Section 422(a) of the Code, (ii) options not intended to qualify under Section 422(a)
of the Code, and (iii) restricted stock units. 

Administration of the 2022 Plan 

The 2022 Plan provides that it is to be administered
by the Board, the Compensation Committee, or any other committee appointed by the Board to administer the 2022 Plan. The Board has appointed
the Compensation Committee as the administrator of the 2022 Plan until further notice is given. Any such committee shall be comprised
of three or more non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Eligibility 

The Compensation Committee has sole authority,
in its discretion, to determine which officers, employees, consultants, advisors, or directors will receive awards, the number of shares
of common stock to be subject to each award, and the forfeiture restrictions for each award. 

Authorized Number of Shares 

The total number of shares of common stock reserved
and available for issuance under the 2022 Plan was initially 1,350,000 shares of common stock (20,769 shares of common stock as adjusted
for our 1-for-65 reverse stock split on January 2, 2024). The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2022
Plan is automatically increased on the first trading day of January each calendar year during the term of the 2022 Plan, beginning with
calendar year 2023, resulting in the aggregate number of shares of common stock available under the 2022 Plan being equal to fifteen
percent (15 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on the last trading day in December of the immediately preceding
calendar year. The total number of shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2022 Plan as of January 1, 2023,
is 85,189 based on 36,915,222 shares of common stock (567,926 shares of common stock adjusted for the 1-for-65 shares of common stock)
outstanding as of December 29, 2023. If any shares of common stock that have been granted pursuant to an award cease to be subject to
such award or are forfeited or if any award otherwise terminates without a payment being made to the holder in the form of common stock,
such shares shall again be available for distribution in connection with future grants and awards under the 2022 Plan. 

Term of the Plan 

This Plan is in effect until August 11, 2032,
the tenth (10 th anniversary of the date the Board approved and adopted the 2022 Plan, unless terminated earlier by the Board.

Lapsed Awards 

If awards are surrendered, terminated, or expire
without being exercised in whole or in part, new awards may be granted covering the shares of common stock not issued under such lapsed
awards, subject to any restrictions that the Code may impose. 

65 

Adjustment in Shares of Common Stock 

If the outstanding shares of common stock shall
at any time be changed or exchanged by a declaration of a stock dividend (bonus shares), stock split, combination or exchange of shares
of common stock, recapitalization, or any other like event by or of the Company, and as often as the same shall occur, then the number,
class, and kind of the shares of common stock subject to the 2022 Plan or subject to any options therefore granted, and the exercise
price, shall be appropriately and equitably adjusted to maintain the proportionate number of shares of common stock, without changing
the aggregate exercise price; provided, however, that no adjustment shall be made by reason of the distribution of subscription rights
or a rights offering on outstanding shares of common stock. Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing, the class and aggregate number
of shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the 2022 Plan in respect of which options have not yet been exercised shall be appropriately
adjusted. 

Non-Transferability 

Any awards accruing to any participant in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the 2022 Plan shall not be transferable or assignable to anyone unless specified in the 2022 Plan. During
a participant s lifetime, all awards may only be exercised by the participant. Awards are non-transferable and non-assignable except
by will or laws of descent and distribution. 

Nothing in the 2022 Plan shall confer upon any
participant any right with respect to employment or continuance of employment with us or any affiliate or interfere in any way with our
rights or any affiliate s right to terminate the participant s employment at any time. Participation in the 2022 Plan by a participant
is voluntary. 

Amendments to the Equity Plan 

The Board shall have the power to, at any time
and from time to time, either prospectively or retrospectively, amend, suspend, or terminate the 2022 Plan or any award granted under
the 2022 Plan without stockholder approval, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing: changes of a clerical or grammatical
nature, changes regarding the persons eligible to participate in the 2022 Plan, changes to the exercise price, vesting, term, and termination
provisions of the award, modifications to the Cashless Exercise Right provisions, changes to the authority and role of the Board under
the 2022 Plan, and any other matter relating to the 2022 Plan and the awards that may be granted hereunder, subject to any required approvals
or otherwise. 

If the 2022 Plan is terminated, the provisions
of the 2022 Plan and any administrative guidelines and other rules and regulations adopted by the Board and in force on the date of termination
will continue in effect as long as any award or any rights pursuant thereto remain outstanding and, notwithstanding the termination of
the 2022 Plan, the Board shall remain able to make such amendments to the 2022 Plan or the award as they would have been entitled to
make if the 2022 Plan were still in effect. 

Withholding Taxes 

We, including any one of our designated affiliates,
may take such steps as are considered necessary or appropriate to withhold any taxes or other amounts that we or any designated affiliate
are required by any law or regulation of any governmental authority whatsoever to withhold in connection with any award. 

Exercise Price 

The exercise price per share of any option shall
be not less than 100 of the market price on the date of grant, provided that concerning an option granted to a U.S. taxpayer, the exercise
price per share shall not be less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of the option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may
designate an exercise price less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant if the option (i) is granted in substitution of a stock
option previously granted by an entity acquired that is acquired by or merged with us or an affiliate, or (ii) otherwise is structured
to be exempt from or to comply with, Section 409A of the Code, in the case of options awarded to U.S. taxpayers. In addition, in the
case of an ISO granted to an eligible employee who, at the time the ISO is granted, owns shares representing more than 10 of the voting
power of all classes of our shares or any parent or subsidiary, the per share exercise price will be no less than 110 of the Fair Market
Value per share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, options may be granted with a per share exercise price
of less than 100 of the Fair Market Value per share on the grant date pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent
with, Section 424(a) of the Code. 

66 

Grant of Options 

Each option will be designated in the award agreement
as either an ISO or an NQSO. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the shares
with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by the participant during any calendar year (under all our plans and any
parent or subsidiary) exceeds 100,000 (U.S.), such options will be treated as NQSOs. ISOs will be taken into account in the order in
which they were granted. The fair market value of the shares will be determined at the time the option with respect to such shares is
granted. 

Terms of Options 

The option period shall be ten years from the
date such option is granted or such greater or lesser duration as the Board, on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, may
determine at the date of grant and may thereafter be reduced with respect to any such option covering termination of employment or engagement
of the optionee or death or disability of the optionee. In the case of an ISO granted to a participant who, at the time the ISO is granted,
owns shares representing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of our shares or any parent or subsidiary, the
term of the ISO will be five years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the award agreement. 

Cashless Exercise Right 

Unless prohibited, and except with respect to
ISOs awarded to U.S. taxpayers, participants have the right (the Cashless Exercise Right ), in lieu of the right to exercise
an option, to terminate such option in whole or in part by notice in writing delivered by the participant to the Company electing to exercise
the Cashless Exercise Right and, in lieu of receiving the shares (the Option Shares to which such terminated option relates,
to receive the number of shares, disregarding fractions, which is equal to the quotient outlined in the 2022 Plan. 

Effect of Termination of Employment or
Death or Disability 

If an optionee: 

dies or becomes disabled while employed, a consultant to, or while serving as a
 director of the Company or a designated affiliate, any option that had vested and was held by him or her at the date of death or
 disability shall become exercisable in whole or in part, but only by the person or persons to whom the optionee s rights under
 the option shall pass by the optionee s will or applicable laws of descent and distribution. Unless otherwise determined by
 the Board, on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, all such options shall be exercisable only to the extent that the
 optionee was entitled to exercise the option at the date of his or her death or disability and only for 12 months after the date
 of death or disability or prior to the expiration of the option period in respect thereof, whichever is sooner; 

ceases to be employed by, or to act as a director of, or to be engaged as a consultant
 of, the Company or a designated affiliate for cause, no option held by such optionee will, unless otherwise determined by the Board,
 on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, be exercisable following the date on which such optionee ceases to be so employed
 or engaged; and 

ceases to be employed by, or to or act as a director of, or to be engaged as a consultant
 of, the Company or a designated affiliate for any reason other than cause then, unless otherwise determined by the Board, on the
 recommendation of the Compensation Committee, any option that had vested and is held by such optionee at the effective date thereof
 shall become exercisable for a period of up to 30 days thereafter or prior to the expiration of the option period in respect thereof,
 whichever is sooner. 

67 

Reduction in Exercise Price 

Any change to the exercise price of any option
shall be subject to the approval of the Board. 

Stockholder approval (as required by Nasdaq)
shall be obtained for any reduction in the exercise price of any option granted under the 2022 Plan if the holder thereof is an insider
of the Company at the time of the proposed amendment. 

Change of Control 

In the event of a Change of Control (as defined
in the 2022 Plan), all options outstanding shall vest immediately and be settled by the issuance of shares or cash, or a combination
of both shares and cash, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. 

Incentive Stock Options 

Maximum Number of Shares for Incentive Stock
Options . Notwithstanding any other provision of the 2022 Plan to the contrary, the aggregate number of shares available for ISOs
shall not exceed 10 of the number of shares issued at such time, subject to adjustment pursuant to the 2022 Plan and subject to the
provisions of Sections 422 and 424 of the Code. 

Designation of Options . Each stock option
agreement with respect to an option granted to a U.S. taxpayer shall specify whether the related option is an ISO or an NQSO. If no such
specification is made in the stock option agreement or the resolutions authorizing the grant of the option, the related option will be
an NQSO. 

Special Requirements for Incentive Stock Options .
In addition to the other terms and conditions of the 2022 Plan (and notwithstanding any other term or condition of the 2022 Plan to the
contrary), the 2022 Plan sets forth limitations and requirements that will apply to an ISO. 

Restricted Stock Units 

An RSU is a compensatory award granted by a company
to an employee or other individual performing services for the company. An RSU represents a promise by the company to transfer a share
of the company s stock or a cash payment equal to the value of a share of the company s stock at a specific time in the future. 

The holder of an RSU is not the beneficial owner
of the shares underlying the RSU award and, therefore, is not entitled to voting, dividend, or other stockholder rights unless and until
shares are delivered in settlement of the award. 

Restricted Period 

Concurrent with the determination to grant RSUs
to a participant, the Board, on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, shall determine the restricted period applicable to
such RSUs. In addition, at the sole discretion of the Board, at the time of grant, the RSUs may be subject to performance conditions
to be achieved by a class of participants or us or by a particular participant on an individual basis within a restricted period, for
such restricted stock units to entitle the holder thereof to receive the underlying shares of common stock or cash in lieu thereof. 

Retirement or Termination During Restricted
Period 

In the event and to the extent of the retirement
or termination and, as applicable, of a participant from all such roles with us during the restricted period, any RSUs held by the participant
shall immediately terminate and be of no further force or effect; provided, however, that the Board shall have the absolute discretion
to modify the grant of the RSUs to offer that the restricted period shall terminate immediately before the date of such occurrence. 

68 

Retirement or Termination After Restricted
Period 

In the event and to the extent of the retirement
or termination and, as applicable, the director retirement or director termination of the participant from all such roles with us following
the restricted period and before a deferred payment date (as elected by a participant who is not a U.S. taxpayer), the participant shall
be entitled to receive, and we shall issue, shares of common stock or cash in lieu thereof in satisfaction of the RSUs then held by the
participant. 

Death or Disability of Participant 

In the event of a participant s death or disability,
any shares of common stock or cash in lieu thereof represented by RSUs by the participant shall be immediately issued or paid by us to
the participant or his or her legal representative. 

Payment of Dividends 

Subject to the absolute discretion of the Board,
if a dividend (other than a dividend payable in shares) is declared and paid by us on the shares of common stock, a participant may be
credited with additional RSUs. The number of such additional RSUs, if any, will be calculated by dividing (a) the total amount of the
dividends that would have been paid to the participant if the RSUs (including RSUs in which the restricted period has expired but the
shares of common stock have not been issued due to a deferred payment date) in the participant s account on the dividend record
date had been outstanding shares of common stock (and the participant held no other shares of common stock) by (b) the market price of
the shares of common stock on the date on which such dividends were paid. Additional RSUs awarded pursuant to Section 4.10 of the 2022
Plan shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the underlying RSUs to which they relate. 

Change of Control 

In the event of a Change of Control, all RSUs
outstanding shall vest immediately and be settled by the issuance of shares of common stock or cash, or a combination of both shares
of common stock and cash, in each case in the discretion of the Compensation Committee, notwithstanding the restricted period and any
deferred payment date. 

Redemption of Restricted Stock Units 

Except to the extent prohibited, upon expiry of
the applicable restricted period (or on the deferred payment date, as applicable), we shall redeem RSUs in accordance with the election
made in a redemption notice given by the participant to us by: 

issuing to the participant one share for each RSU redeemed, provided the participant
 makes payment to the Company of an amount equal to the tax obligation required to be remitted by the Company to the taxation authorities
 as a result of the redemption of the RSUs; 

issuing the participant one share for each RSU redeemed and either (i) selling,
 or arranging to be sold, on behalf of the participant, such number of shares of common stock issued to the participant as to produce
 net proceeds available to the Company equal to the applicable tax obligation so that the Company may remit to the taxation authorities
 an amount equal to the tax obligation; or (ii) receiving from the participant at the time of issuance of the shares of common stock
 an amount equal to the applicable tax obligation; 

subject to the discretion of the Company, paying in cash to, or for the benefit
 of, the participant, the value of any RSUs being redeemed, less any applicable tax obligation; or 

a combination of any of the shares of common stock or cash. 

The shares of common stock shall be issued and
the cash, if any, shall be paid as a lump sum by us within ten business days of the date the RSUs are redeemed under the 2022 Plan. RSUs
of U.S. taxpayers will be redeemed as soon as possible following the end of the restricted period (as outlined in the RSU grant letter
or such earlier date on which the restricted period is terminated pursuant to the 2022 Plan), and in all cases by the end of the calendar
year in which the restricted period ends, or if later, by the date that is 75 days following the end of the restricted period. A participant
shall have no further rights respecting any RSU that has been redeemed under the 2022 Plan. 

No participant who is resident in the U.S. may
receive shares of common stock for redeemed RSUs unless the shares of common stock to be issued upon redemption of the RSUs are registered
under the Securities Act or are issued in compliance with an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act. 

69 

Right as a Stockholder 

A participant receiving RSUs shall have the rights
of a stockholder only as to shares of common stock, if any, actually issued to such participant upon expiration of the applicable restricted
period and satisfaction or achievement of the terms and conditions of the award, and in accordance with the provisions of the 2022 Plan
and the applicable award agreement, and not with respect to shares of common stock to which such award relates but which are not issued
to such participant. 

Clawback Policy 

On November 27, 2023, our board adopted an executive
compensation recoupment policy consistent with the requirements of the Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act and the Nasdaq listing standards
thereunder, to help ensure that incentive compensation is paid based on accurate financial and operating data, and the correct calculation
of performance against incentive targets. Our policy addresses the recoupment of amounts from performance-based awards paid to all corporate
officers, including awards under our equity incentive plans, in the event of a financial restatement to the extent that the payout for
such awards would have been less or in the event of fraud, or intentional, willful or gross misconduct that contributed to the need for
a financial restatement. 

Insider Trading Policy 

As of the date of this report, the Company has
not adopted an Insider Trading Policy. The absence of such a policy is not reflective of disregard for the principles of fair and ethical
trading practices. The Company is keenly aware of the importance of establishing clear guidelines to prevent insider trading and to uphold
the Company s reputation for integrity and ethical conduct. 

We anticipate that the Insider Trading Policy
will be adopted in the near future. Upon adoption, the Policy will apply to all transactions in the Company s securities, including but
not limited to common stock, options to purchase common stock, and any other securities the Company may issue. It will cover all directors,
officers, employees of the Company, and any family members or entities whose transactions in Company securities are directed by or under
the influence or control of those persons. The Company is committed to rigorously enforcing this Policy to prevent insider trading and
protect all stakeholders interests. 

Policies And Practices For Granting Certain Equity Awards 

The Company s policies and practices regarding
the granting of equity awards are carefully designed to ensure compliance with applicable securities laws and to maintain the integrity
of our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the timing and terms of
equity awards to executives and other eligible employees. 

The timing of equity award grants is determined
with consideration to a variety of factors, including but not limited to, the achievement of pre-established performance targets, market
conditions, and internal milestones. The Company does not follow a predetermined schedule for the granting of equity awards; instead,
each grant is considered on a case-by-case basis to align with the Company s strategic objectives and to ensure the competitiveness of
our compensation packages. 

In determining the timing and terms of an equity
award, the Board of Directors or compensation committee may consider material nonpublic information to ensure that such grants are made
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Board of Directors or Compensation Committee s procedures to prevent the
improper use of material nonpublic information in connection with the granting of equity awards include oversight by legal counsel and,
where appropriate, delaying the grant of equity awards until the public disclosure of such material nonpublic information. 

The Company is committed to maintaining transparency
in its executive compensation practices and to making equity awards in a manner that is not influenced by the timing of the disclosure
of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. The Company regularly reviews its
policies and practices related to equity awards to ensure they meet the evolving standards of corporate governance and continue to serve
the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 

Board Compensation 

We currently pay each of our non-employee directors
a cash compensation of 75,000 per year. In connection with their services as board members, our non-employee directors do not receive
options to purchase shares of common stock. 

Non-employee Director Remuneration Policy 

Our Board has not adopted a non-employee director
remuneration policy. 

70 

Compensation Committee Review 

The Compensation Committee shall, if it is necessary
or prudent in its discretion, reevaluate and approve in January of each such year (or in any event before the first Board meeting of
such fiscal year) the cash and equity awards (amount and manner or method of payment) to be made to non-employee directors for such fiscal
year. In making this determination, the Compensation Committee shall utilize such market standard metrics as it deems appropriate, including,
without limitation, an analysis of cash compensation paid to independent directors of our peer group. 

The Compensation Committee shall also have the
power and discretion to determine in the future whether non-employee directors should receive annual or other grants of options to purchase
shares of common stock or other equity incentive awards in such amounts and under such policies as the Compensation Committee may determine
utilizing such market standard metrics as it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, an analysis of equity awards granted to
independent directors of our peer group. 

Participation of Employee Directors; New Directors 

Unless separately and specifically approved by
the Compensation Committee at its discretion, none of our employee directors shall be entitled to receive any remuneration for service
as a director (other than expense reimbursement as per prevailing policy). 

New directors joining our Board shall be entitled
to a prorated portion (based on months to be served in the fiscal year in which they join) of cash and stock options or other equity
incentive awards (if applicable) for the relevant fiscal year at the time they join the Board. 

Director
 Compensation As
 of December 31, 2023 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or
 Paid in
 Cash ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive
 Plan Compensation ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert Faught 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 
 Linda Moossaian (3) 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 
 William Placke (1) 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 
 Chris Homeister (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Mr. Placke ceased to be a director of the Company s 2023 stockholders 
meeting, which was held on December 11, 2023. 

(2) Mr. Homeister was elected
 to our board of directors at the Company s 2023 stockholders meeting, which
 was held on December 11, 2023. 

(3) 
 Ms. Linda Moossaian resigned from all of her positions from the Board on July 16, 2024. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table presents information regarding
beneficial ownership of our equity interests as of December 20, 2024 by: 

each stockholder or group of stockholders known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 
 of any class of our voting securities; 

our Named Executive Officers; 

each of our directors; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and, thus, represents voting or investment power with respect to our securities as of August 29, 2024. In computing
the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a person, shares that such person may acquire within 60 days of December 20,
2024, are counted as outstanding, while these shares are not counted as outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address of each person below is c/o ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., 8669 Research Drive,
Irvine, California 92618. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting
and sole investment power with respect to all equity interests beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

71 

Name and Address 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Michael Panosian CEO, President and Chair of the Board 
 8,468 (2) 

Martin Galstyan CFO 
 1,731 (3) 

Joshua Keeler CDO and Director 
 5,671 (4) 

Zareh Khachatoorian COO 
 1,814 (5) 

Robert Faught Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chris Homeister Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 Linda Moossaian Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Officers and Directors as a group (7 persons) 
 17,745 
 1.23 

5 + Stockholders 

Yair Schneid 
 550,729 
 38.20 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Percentages based on 1,443,039 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of August 29, 2024, plus shares of common stock the person has the right to acquire within 60 days thereafter. 

(2) 
 Includes (i) 133 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options at a price of 6,435 per share until September 14, 2028 and (ii) 8,308 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options at a price of 116.35 per share until December 28, 2032. 

(3) 
 Includes 1,731 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options at a price of 116.35 per share until December 28, 2032. 

(4) 
 Includes (i) 133 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options at a price of 6,435.00 per share until September 14, 2028 and (ii) 5,538 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options at a price of 116.35 per share until December 28, 2032. 

(5) 
 Includes (i) 83 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options at a price of 5,850.00 per share until September 14, 2028 and (ii) 1,731 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options at a price of 116.35 per share until December 28, 2032. 

Equity Plan Information 

See Part II, Item 5 Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Except as described below, there have been no
transactions since January 1, 2022 to which we have been a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000
or, during such time as we qualify as a smaller reporting company , the lesser of (1) 120,000 or (2) 1 of
the average of our total assets for the last two completed years, and in which any of our then directors, executive officers or holders
of more than 5 of our common stock at the time of such transaction, or any members of their immediate family, had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements which are described in Executive Compensation and Director
Compensation Table. 

On July 6, 2020, we entered into a project development
agreement with Adaptive Tech Services , ATS ), whereby ATS would assist us in the development of various suites of
technological platforms ranging from software to other digital applications to be integrated with our products. ATS is owned and operated
by the spouse of a member of our board of directors who is also the Chairperson of our audit committee. We recorded project development
expenses of 1,058,000 and 2,210,000 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On February 15, 2019, we entered into an agreement
with Cyberduction, whereby Cyberducton agreed to provide us outside services managing our website, information technology support, customer
services, and external show and convention coordination for a fixed fee of 57,500 per quarter. The principal owner of Cyberduction is
a sibling of our Chief Executive Officer. We recorded an expense of 230,000 for each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On September 01, 2020, we entered into an agreement
with Zgal Amazon Services Zgal , whereby Zgal agreed to provide us outside services managing the setup of our Amazon
presence in multiple countries in Europe, and USA including Amazon pricing, logistics and inventory coordination. The principal owner
of Zgal is a sibling of our Company s Chief Financial Officer. We recorded an expense of 245,000 and 420,000 for services received
from Zgal for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Indemnification Agreements 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions limiting the liability of directors, and our amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our
directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
amended and restated bylaws also provide our board of directors with the discretion to indemnify our employees and other agents when
determined appropriate by the board. In addition, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with each of our directors and executive
officers, which requires us to indemnify them. 

72 

Policies and Procedures for Related-Person
Transactions 

Our board of directors has adopted a written
related-person transaction policy setting forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related-person
transactions. This policy covers, with certain exceptions set forth in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, any transaction,
arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships in which we were or are to be a participant,
where the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, including, without
limitation, purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has a material interest,
indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness and employment by us of a related person. In reviewing and approving any such transactions,
our Audit Committee is tasked to consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including whether the transaction is on terms comparable
to those that could be obtained in an arm s length transaction and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction.
The transactions described in this section occurred prior to the adoption of this policy or were approved and/or ratified by our Audit
Committee in accordance with our related person transaction policy. 

Independence of the Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors has determined that Robert
Faught, Monica Pitterle, and Chris Homeister are all independent as that term is defined under applicable SEC rules and
regulations. A majority of the members of a listed company s board of directors must qualify as independent, as affirmatively
determined by the board of directors. Our board of directors consults with our counsel to ensure that the board s determinations
are consistent with relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of independent, including
those set forth in pertinent listing standards. 

Our board of directors has undertaken a review
of the independence of the directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his
or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. Based upon information requested from and
provided by each director concerning such director s background, employment, and affiliations, including family relationships, during
our audit of fiscal 2023, it was brought to management s attention that our vendor agreement with Adaptive Tech Solutions, Inc. the ATS could be considered a related party transaction under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. Specifically, Edwin Moossaian,
who owns ATS, was an employee of our Company before his wife Linda Moossaian, joined our Board of Directors and Audit Committee in December
2019. Management and the Board made investigations and took corrective actions to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On July
16, 2024, Linda Moossaian resigned from her position from all Board Committees in July 2024. On July 23, 2024, the Board nominated and
appointed Monica Pitterle as an independent director serving on the Audit Committee Chairperson, and member of the Nomination and Corporate
Governance committee and Compensation Committee. All of our outside directors are independent directors as defined under
current rules and regulations of the SEC. In making these determinations, our board of directors considered the current and prior relationships
that each non-employee director has with our Company and all other facts and circumstances that our board of directors deemed relevant
in determining their independence. 

In addition, each of the members of each of the
Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent, as determined in accordance
with the applicable independence requirements for such committee. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table represents aggregate fees
billed to us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 by our principal accountant, Marcum LLP. All such fees described below
were approved by the Audit Committee. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 748,803 
 391,515 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (1) 
 122,767 
 97,875 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 871,570 
 489,390 

(1) 
 Fees incurred in conjunction with consents for various registration statements filed during 2023 and 2022. 

Audit fees consist of fees related to professional
services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements. All other fees relate to professional services rendered
in connection with the review of the quarterly financial statements. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The Audit Committee s
Charter provides procedures for the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered by the Company s independent auditors,
Marcum LLP. The Audit Committee generally pre-approves specified services in the defined categories of audit services, audit-related
services and tax services up to specified amounts. Pre-approval may also be given as part of the Audit Committee s approval of
the scope of the engagement of the independent auditor or on an individual, explicit, case-by-case basis before the independent auditor
is engaged to provide each service. The pre-approval of services may be delegated to one or more of the Audit Committee s members,
but the decision must be reported to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

All
of the services of Marcum LLP for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 described above were pre-approved in accordance with the
Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy. 

73 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 

The following documents are filed as
part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Financial Statements : The following Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of
 ToughBuilt and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in Part II, Item 8: 

Balance Sheets at December 31, 2023 and 2022; 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022; 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022; 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022; and 

Notes to Financial Statements. 

Certificate of Correction, dated January
24, 2024, to the Certificate of Amendment of the ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. 

74 

2. Exhibits: 

Exhibit No: 
 
 Description of Exhibit: 
 
 Previously Filed and Incorporated by Reference herein: 
 
 Date Filed: 
 
 1.1 
 
 At The Market Offering Agreement, dated December 7, 2020, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC 
 
 Exhibit 1.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-251185) 
 
 December 7, 2020 
 
 1.2 
 
 At The Market Offering Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC 
 
 Exhibit 1.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No: 333-252630) 
 
 February 2, 2021 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, dated April 9, 2012 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 July 9, 2018 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated December 29, 2015 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 July 9, 2018 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, dated October 5, 2016 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 July 9, 2018 
 
 3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, dated September 13, 2018 
 
 Exhibit 3.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A 
 
 September 19, 2018 
 
 3.1.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated October 5, 2016 
 
 Exhibit 3.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 July 9, 2018 
 
 3.1.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 17, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 January 17, 2020 
 
 3.1.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated as of March 26, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 3.1.8 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock dated as of February 15, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 February 17, 2022 
 
 3.1.9 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock dated as of February 15, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 February 17, 2022 
 
 3.1.10 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. for 1-for-150 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 April 25, 2022 
 
 3.1.11 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series H Preferred Stock dated September 21, 2023 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 (File No. 333-276008) 
 
 December 13, 2023 
 
 3.1.12 
 
 Certificate of Amendment for 1-for-65 Reverse Stock Split dated December 21, 2023 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K 
 
 December 26, 2023 
 
 3.1.13 
 
 Certificate of Correction, dated January 24, 2024, to the Certificate of Amendment, dated December 21, 2023 of the ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K 
 
 January 29, 2024 
 
 3.1.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Series I Preferred Stock of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. dated August 26, 2024 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 September 13, 2024 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 July 9, 2018 
 
 3.2.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., effective as of October 6, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 October 7, 2022 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of registrant s securities registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 10-K 
 
 March 26, 2021 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant, dated November 20, 2020, issued by ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. to the Investor 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 November 23, 2020 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Common Warrant dated as of July 14, 2021, issued by ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. to certain purchasers 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 July 14, 2021 

75 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant dated as of July 14, 2021, issued by ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. to H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 
 July 14, 2021 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form
 of Common Warrant dated as of February 15, 2022, issued by ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. to certain purchasers 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 February 17, 2022 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant dated as of February 15, 2022, issued by ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. to H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 February 17, 2022 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form
 of Warrant 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 June 23, 2022 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form
 of Pre-funded Warrant 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 June 23, 2022 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant 
 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 June 23, 2022 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 July 27, 2022 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form
 of Series A Preferred Investment Option 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 July 27, 2022 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form
 of Series B Preferred Investment Option 
 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 July 27, 2022 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Preferred Investment Option 
 
 Exhibit 4.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 July 27, 2022 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 November 18, 2022 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form
 of Series C Preferred Investment Option 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 November 18, 2022 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form
 of Series C Preferred Investment Option 
 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 November 18, 2022 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 3, 2017 by and between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and Michael Panosian 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 10.2# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 3, 2017 by and between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and Zareh Khachatoorian 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 3, 2017 by and between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and Josh Keeler 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated November 20, 2020, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and the Investor 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 November 23, 2020 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., and Michael Panosian 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 January 4, 2023 
 
 10.6# 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., and Josh Keeler 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 January 4, 2023 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., and Martin Galstyan 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 January 4, 2023 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., and Martin Galstyan 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 January 4, 2023 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of July 11, 2021, by and between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and certain purchasers 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 July 14, 2021 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 15, 2022, by and between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and certain purchasers 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 February 17, 2022 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
 of Letter Agreement dated as of February 18, 2022, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and the purchasers pursuant to the Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated as of February 15, 2022 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 February 23, 2022 
 
 10.12 
 
 Warrant
 Repurchase Agreement, June 8, 2022, between ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. and Alto Opportunity Master Fund, Spc - Segregated Master
 Portfolio B 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 June 9, 2022 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 June 23, 2023 

76 

10.14 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2022, by and among the Company and the Purchasers. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on
 Form 8-K 
 
 July 27, 2022 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2022, by and among the Company and the Purchasers. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 July 27, 2022 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and among the Company and the Purchasers. 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 November 18, 2022 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and among the Company and the Purchasers. 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
 
 November 18, 2022 
 
 10.18# 
 
 2016
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 4.7 to Form S-1/A 
 
 May 19, 2020 
 
 10.19# 
 
 2018
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 4.11 to Form S-1/A 
 
 May 19, 2020 
 
 10.20# 
 
 2022
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 
 
 December 20, 2022 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Exhibit 14.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 April 18, 2022 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 
 Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 
 Exhibit 99.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 99.3 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 
 
 Exhibit 99.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 99.4 
 
 Whistleblower Policy 
 
 Exhibit 99.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 
 
 September 7, 2018 
 
 99.5 
 
 Clawback Policy 

101 
 
 Interactive Data Files 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
 Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
 Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
 Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted
 as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# 
 Management contract or compensatory plan. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith and not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of ToughBuilt Industries,
 Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after
 the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES , INC . 

Dated: December 20, 2024 
 /s/ Michael Panosian 

Michael Panosian 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael Panosian 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Michael Panosian 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Martin Galstyan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December
 20, 2024 
 
 Martin Galstyan 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Joshua Keeler 
 
 Chief Design Officer and Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Joshua Keeler 

/s/ Robert Faught 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Robert Faught 

/s/ Monica Pitterle 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Monica Pitterle 

/s/ Chris Homeister 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Chris Homeister 

78 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea020088801ex31-1_tough.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Michael Panosian, President and Chief Executive Officer of
ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and to the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

December 20, 2024 

/s/ Michael Panosian 

Michael Panosian 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea020088801ex31-2_tough.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Martin Galstyan, Chief Financial Officer of ToughBuilt Industries,
Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and to the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

December 20, 2024 

/s/ Martin Galstyan 

Martin Galstyan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea020088801ex32-1_tough.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Michael Panosian, President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

December 20, 2024 

/s/ Michael Panosian 

Michael Panosian 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea020088801ex32-2_tough.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Martin Galstyan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

December 20, 2024 

/s/ Martin Galstyan 

Martin Galstyan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.5>
 6
 ea020088801ex99-5_tough.htm
 CLAWBACK POLICY

Exhibit 99.5 

TOUGHTBUILT INDUSTRIES, INC. 

CLAWBACK POLICY 

1. Introduction 

The Board of Directors
(the Board of ToughBuilt Industries, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company believes that
it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability
and that reinforces the Company s pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this policy which
provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance
with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to
comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608 (the
 Clawback Listing Standards ). 

2. Administration 

This Policy shall
be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein to the Board
shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected
individuals. 

3. Covered Executives 

This Policy applies
to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange
Act and the Clawback Listing Standards, and such other senior executives and employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to
the Policy by the Board Covered Executives ). 

4. Recoupment; Accounting Restatement 

In the event the
Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance
with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error
in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements or that would result in a material
misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, the Board will require reimbursement
or forfeiture of any excess Incentive Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately
preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 

5. Incentive Compensation 

For purposes of
this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any of the following; provided that, such compensation is granted, earned,
or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure: 

Annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. 

Stock options. 

Stock appreciation rights. 

Restricted stock. 

Restricted stock units. 

Performance shares. 

Performance units. 

Financial reporting measures include: 

Company stock price. 

Total shareholder return. 

Revenues. 

Net income. 

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). 

Funds from operations. 

Liquidity measures such as working capital or operating cash flow. 

Return measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets. 

Earnings measures such as earnings per share. 

6. Excess Incentive Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 

The amount to be
recovered will be the excess of the Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over the Incentive
Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined by the Board,
without regard to any taxes paid by the Covered Executive in respect of the Incentive Compensation paid based on the erroneous data. 

If the Board cannot
determine the amount of excess Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information in the accounting
restatement, then it will make its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement. 

7. Method of Recoupment 

The Board will
determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation: 

(a) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid; 

(b) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based
awards; 

(c) offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; 

(d) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; and/or 

(e) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 

2 

8. No Indemnification 

The Company shall
not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation. 

9. Interpretation 

The Board is authorized
to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this
Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange
Act, any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Clawback Listing Standards. 

10. Effective Date 

This Policy shall
be effective as of date it is adopted by the board, but no later than December 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ), and
shall apply to Incentive Compensation that is received by Covered Executives on or after the Effective Date, even if such Incentive Compensation
was approved, awarded, or granted to Covered Executives prior to the Effective Date. 

11. Amendment; Termination 

The Board may amend
this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final regulations adopted
by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with the Clawback Listing Standards and
any other rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. The Board may
terminate this Policy at any time. 

12. Other Recoupment Rights 

Any right of recoupment
under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company
pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal
remedies available to the Company. 

13. Relationship to Other Plans and Agreements 

The Board intends
that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement,
or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require
a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Policy and
the terms of any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement under which Incentive Compensation has been granted,
awarded, earned or paid to a Covered Executive, whether or not deferred, the terms of the Policy shall govern. 

14. Acknowledgment 

The Covered Executive
shall sign an acknowledgment form in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A in which they acknowledge that they have read and understand
the terms of the Policy and are bound by the Policy. 

15. Impracticability 

The Board shall
recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by
the Board in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the
Company s securities are listed. 

16. Successors 

This Policy shall
be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

3 

Exhibit A 

TOUGHBUILT INDUSTRIES, INC. 
CLAWBACK POLICY ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

The Board of Directors of ToughBuilt Industries,
Inc, a Nevada corporation (the Company has adopted the ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. Clawback Policy Clawback
Policy which is applicable to the Company s Covered Executives. 

I, the undersigned,
acknowledge that I have received a copy of the Clawback Policy, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to
time, and that I have read it, understand it, and acknowledge that I am fully bound by, and subject to, all of the terms and conditions
thereof. 

In the event of
any inconsistency between the terms of the Clawback Policy and the terms of any employment agreement to which I am a party, or the terms
of any compensation plan, program, or arrangement under which Incentive Compensation has been granted, awarded, earned, or paid to me,
whether or not deferred, the terms of the Clawback Policy shall govern. 

If the Board of
Directors determines that any Incentive Compensation I have received must be forfeited, repaid, or otherwise recovered by the Company,
I shall promptly take whatever action is necessary to effectuate such forfeiture, repayment, or recovery. 

I acknowledge that
I am not entitled to indemnification in connection with the Company s enforcement of the Clawback Policy. 

I understand that
any delay or failure by the Company to enforce any requirement contained in the Clawback Policy will not constitute a waiver of the Company s
right to do so in the future. 

Any capitalized terms used in this Acknowledgment
that are not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Clawback Policy. 

(Executive s Signature) 

(Executive s Printed Name) 

(Date) 

4 

</EX-99.5>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 tblt-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 tblt-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 tblt-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 tblt-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 tblt-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

