<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241001_10-K_edgar_data_1796949_0001654954-24-012526.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4079044</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>426122</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>842924</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1077515</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>665710</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>971144</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-24-012526.hdr.sgml : 20241001
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240930204825
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-24-012526
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241001
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240930

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GenFlat Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001796949
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				843639946
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56214
		FILM NUMBER:		241341000

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1983 N BERRA BLVD
		CITY:			TOOELE
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84074
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615-696-7676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1983 N BERRA BLVD
		CITY:			TOOELE
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84074

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Healthcare Business Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191216

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-24-012526.txt : 20241001

10-K
 1
 hbr_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

hbr_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C., 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________________ to ___________________ Commission File Number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code: - Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, Par Value 0.001 (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one) Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of December 31, 2023. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was . Table of Contents Page PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 34 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 34 Item 2. Properties 34 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 34 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 34 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 35 Item 6. Reserved 35 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 36 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 44 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 44 Item 9B. Other Information 45 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 45 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 46 Item 11. Executive Compensation 49 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 51 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 52 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 53 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 55 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 56 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements This Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, we believe, we intend, may, should, will, could and similar expressions denoting uncertainty or an action that may, will or is expected to occur in the future. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the anticipated timing of the development of future products; projections of costs, revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items; statements of our plans and objectives; statements regarding the capabilities of our business operations; statements of expected future economic performance; statements regarding competition in our market; and assumptions underlying statements regarding us or our business. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: inability to generate revenue or to manage growth; lack of available funding; lack of a market for or market acceptance of our products; competition from third parties; general economic and business conditions; intellectual property rights of third parties; changes in the price of our stock and dilution; regulatory constraints and potential legal liability; ability to maintain effective internal controls; security breaches, cybersecurity attacks and other significant disruptions in our information technology systems; changes in technology and methods of marketing; delays in completing various engineering and manufacturing programs; changes in customer order patterns and qualification of new customers; changes in product mix; success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations; shortages in manufacturing supplies; production delays due to performance quality issues with outsourced manufacturing supplies; those events and factors described by us in Item 1.A Risk Factors other risks to which our Company is subject; and other factors beyond the Company s control. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Report on Form 10-K is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Overview Business Overview GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (formerly Healthcare Business Resources Inc.) (the Company , we , our or us ), is a start-up company that developed a more sustainable collapsible marine container, replacing traditional standard marine containers. The Company operates as a container sales and leasing company and supply its patented marine container primarily to shipping line customers under a variety of short and long-term lease structures. The Company has agreements with two companies to use GenFlat containers to transport cargo. One company uses GenFlat containers within the continental United States pursuant to a commercial contract, while the other company uses GenFlat containers on a closed-loop route between Shenzhen, China and Dammam, Saudi Arabia pursuant to a non-commercial proof-of-concept agreement. Company History On September 9, 2019 (commencement of operations), the Company, operating as Healthcare Business Resources Inc. was organized in Delaware to provide consulting services to healthcare organizations. On October 18, 2023, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Share Exchange Agreement with GenFlat, Inc. GenFlat, Inc. ), a Delaware corporation incorporated in Delaware on July 25, 2022, and GenFlat, Inc. stockholders who own 97.22 of the outstanding shares of common stock of GenFlat, Inc.. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, all GenFlat, Inc. stockholders who are parties to the Share Exchange Agreement will receive ninety eight percent (98 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for their shares of GenFlat, Inc. common stock on a pro rata basis. The Share Exchange Agreement closed on December 20, 2023 (the Closing Date ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, and on the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, at the closing, the Company acquired 97.22 of the outstanding shares of common stock of GenFlat, Inc. from GenFlat, Inc. stockholders who were a party to the Share Exchange Agreement in exchange for 10,438,470 shares of common stock of the Company. Additionally, 11,000,000 shares of outstanding Company common stock were canceled, resulting in 10,541,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date. Additionally, at the closing, a change in control of the Company occurred whereby the existing members of the Company s executive management and board of directors resigned, and Genflat, Inc. s designees were appointed as members of the Company s executive management and board of directors. Also, Genflat, Inc. paid 77,500 in Company payables and paid the Company s outstanding balance due on its senior secured convertible credit line. As a result of the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company discontinued all aspects of its health care consulting business, and now solely focuses on developing the GenFlat, Inc. business plan. The Company operates globally through its 97.22 owned subsidiary GenFlat, Inc. Further, in accordance with reverse acquisition accounting treatment, the historical financial statements of GenFlat, Inc. as of period ends, and for periods ended, prior to the acquisition became the historical financial statements of our Company in all post Share Exchange closing filings with the SEC, and our fiscal year end changed to June 30. On February 5, 2024, we filed an Information Statement on Schedule 14C with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and distributed the Information Statement to our stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 25, 2024. The purpose of the Information Statement was to notify our stockholders that, pursuant to Sections 228 and 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted, and the holders of the majority of the voting power of the Company as of the Record Date approved the following corporate action (the Corporate Action ): 4 Table of Contents 1. The amendment to the First Article of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation to change the Company s name from Healthcare Business Resources Inc. to GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (the Name Change ). 2. The amendment to the Fourth Article of the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize, but not require, the Board to effect a reverse split of our common stock at a ratio of one-for-one hundred (1:100) (the Reverse Split at any time prior to the date on which our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders is held, at the sole discretion of the Board. The par value of our common stock will remain 0.001 per share. The number of authorized shares of common stock after the Reverse Split will be fixed at twenty-five million (25,000,000) shares of common stock. 3. The amendment (the 2020 Plan Amendment to the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved pursuant to the Company s 2020 Plan from 80,000 to 1,500,000 shares of common stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Split. On May 9, 2024, the Company s Board of directors decided to effectuate the Reverse Split and our Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware to effect the Name Change and Reverse Split effective May 17, 2024, at 4:00 p.m. EDT (the effective date ). Accordingly, at the effective date: 1. Our Company changed its name from Healthcare Business Resources Inc. to GenFlat Holdings, Inc. 2. Our CUSIP number changed to 42240P205 3. The number of our outstanding post-Reverse Split shares equaled 10,541,519 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Company , GenFlat, we , our or us and other similar terms means GenFlat Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and all share amounts and per share amounts have been presented to reflect the Reverse Split effective May 17, 2024. Our principal executive offices are located at 1983 N Berra Blvd, Tooele, UT 84074 and our telephone number 435-830-6979 Our website is www.genflat.com . Information contained on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Business Plan We intend to answer the 20 billion empty container repositioning problem by helping our customers to save money, optimize space, and reduce carbon emissions. Our business strategy anticipates that our revenue stream will be derived from the sale and lease of our patented collapsible marine container (the GenFlat Container ). Our GenFlat Container is engineered to be a substitute for the standard marine container. Built from mild steel and Corten, our GenFlat Container exceeds current industry strength and rigidity standards. Once four GenFlat Containers are stacked and locked together, they can be lifted as a single unit, ready for multi-modal transport. GenFlat Containers meet ISO-certified standards (Lloyds Registry). GenFlat Containers reduce repositioning costs, storage space, and carbon emissions compared to standard marine containers. We are partnered with China International Marine Containers (CIMC) in Dalian, China, to manufacture our GenFlat Containers. We will operate our business in one industry, intermodal transportation equipment, and we will have two business segments: Equipment leasing . Our equipment leasing operations will include the acquisition, leasing, re-leasing and ultimate sale of multiple types of intermodal transportation equipment, primarily intermodal containers. Equipment sales . We contract-manufacture containers and sell these containers to container retailers and users of containers. 5 Table of Contents Commencement of Commercial Operations We commenced commercial operations in May of 2024. Presently, our commercial operations consist of an equipment lease agreement to provide GenFlat Containers to one customer. The lease agreement demonstrates commercial acceptance of our GenFlat container. Our Company is also in various stages of evaluation with potential customers to lease GenFlat Containers including shipping lines, retailers, logistics companies, and the United States military. The Company also has a non-commercial proof-of-concept agreement with a freight forwarding company in the Middle East, which commenced in August 2024. Industry Overview Intermodal-marine containers provide a secure and cost-effective method of transporting raw materials, component parts and finished goods because they can be used in multiple modes of transport. By making it possible to move cargo from a point of origin to a destination without repeated unpacking and repacking, marine containers reduce freight and labor costs. In addition, automated handling of marine containers permits faster loading and unloading of vessels, more efficient utilization of transportation equipment and reduced transit times. The protection provided by sealed marine containers also reduces cargo damage, loss and theft of goods during shipment. In 2023, global container shipping volumes experienced both peaks and troughs, reflecting the broader economic environment. According to industry estimates, the overall container throughput for the year was slightly lower than in 2022, with volumes estimated to be around 820 million Twenty-foot Equivalent Units TEUs ). This represented a marginal decline of approximately 2-3 compared to the previous year, indicating a period of adjustment after the pandemic-induced surge in trade volumes. Approximately 3.9 million TEU of containers were added to the global fleet in 2023. The total volume of leased TEU continues to grow. Leasing marine containers helps shipping lines improve their container fleet efficiency and provides shipping lines with an alternative source of equipment financing. Given the uncertainty and variability of export volumes, and the fact that shipping lines have difficulty in accurately forecasting their marine containers requirements on a day-by-day, port-by-port basis, the availability of marine containers for lease on short notice reduces shipping lines' need to purchase and maintain larger container inventory buffers. In addition, the drop-off flexibility provided by operating leases also allows the shipping lines to adjust their container fleet sizes and the mix of container types in their fleets both seasonally and over time and helps balance their trade flows. Spot leasing rates are typically a function of, among other things, new equipment prices (which are heavily influenced by steel prices), interest rates and the equipment supply and demand balance at a particular time and location. Average leasing rates on an entire portfolio of leases respond more gradually to changes in new equipment prices or changes in the balance of container supply and demand because lease agreements are generally only re-priced upon the expiration of the lease. The value that lessors receive upon resale of equipment is closely related to the cost of new equipment. Our Principal Product Our GenFlat Container is a 40-foot collapsible intermodal-marine container that exceeds international strength and rigidity standards. Intermodal-marine containers are large, standardized steel or aluminum boxes used to transport freight by ship, barge, rail, or truck. Intermodal-marine containers are the primary means by which goods and materials are shipped internationally and domestically. When fully loaded, GenFlat Containers have the same approximate internal dimensions, 96 of capacity and 96 of payload as other intermodal-marine shipping containers (2,438mm wide and 2,591mm high, and have a gross rating of 32,500 kgs, tare weight of 5,300 kgs and load capacity of 27,200 kgs). However, GenFlat Containers are collapsible so that four GenFlat Containers can be stacked, locked together (in stacks of 4) and shipped in the space of one high cube intermodal-marine shipping container. We expect our GenFlat Container fleet to primarily consist of dry containers. A dry container is a steel constructed box with a set of doors on one end. Dry containers are the most widely used type of intermodal container and are used to carry general cargo such as manufactured component parts, consumer staples, electronics and apparel. 6 Table of Contents GenFlat Containers collapse using the patented GenFlat Actuator, a hydraulically powered device with electrical controls that attaches to a large top loader, the type of which is typically used to lift move standard shipping containers. The GenFlat Actuator lifts GenFlat Containers and uses a double-action armature on each end to push in or lower down the container end frames when collapsing/expanding. The process to collapse or expand a GenFlat Container takes approximately 80 seconds. The GenFlat Container with Actuator provides three significant benefits: 1. Cost Savings . Many marine containers are transported empty. Once marine containers are emptied at the destination (e.g., a retailer), the marine containers are returned to the manufacturer or distributor empty. According to our own internal data, we believe the GenFlat Container reduces this repositioning cost by up to 75 , and we expect a typical client to realize a return of investment within approximately eighteen months. 2. Space Creating . When collapsed, GenFlat Containers reduce overall congestion at ports, terminals, depots, and related storage facilities and remove the burden of finding solutions to capacity constraints. At ports, terminals and yards, twenty GenFlat Containers can be stacked in the traditional space once containing five stacked empty marine containers. On trains, eight GenFlat Containers can be stacked where two could be stacked previously. On trucks, four GenFlat Containers can be stacked replacing one single marine container. On ships, 48,000 GenFlat Containers can be stacked in the place once consumed by 12,000 marine containers. 3. Carbon Emission Reduction . The use of GenFlat Containers reduces the space required for empty shipping containers to be transported around the world. As a result, there s reduced fuel consumption, reduced traffic and a significant reduction in emissions and environmental contamination. The GenFlat Container helps reach carbon emissions pledges with minimal investment or disruption. Our GenFlat Container was recognized as the Most Inspiring Container Technology Solution of 2023 at the prestigious Transport and Logistics Conference in the Middle East (Dubai). At the 2024 conference our GenFlat Container won the award for Game-changer in container handling. These awards not only underscore our commitment to innovation, sustainability and efficiency, but also the impact our solution can have on revolutionizing the shipping industry. We have an exclusive Teaming Agreement with China International Marine Containers (CIMC) to manufacture our 40-foot GenFlat Containers in Dalian, China. Our management team has developed a strong working relationship with CIMC and make regular trips to Dalian to inspect the manufacturing process and maintain close ties to our contacts there. Our Growth, Sales and Marketing Strategy Our business strategy anticipates that our revenue stream will be derived from the sale and lease of our GenFlat Containers. Our objective is to replace the standard marine container with GenFlat Containers. In order to meet this objective, we are: Utilizing traditional business development strategies to establish and leverage relationships with potential customers including container shipping companies, container leasing companies and the U.S. Military. We are currently identifying prospective clients through the personal and professional relationships of our management team. Building channel partnerships with logistics companies, associations, ports and consultants. Attending conferences, trade shows and other industry events. Utilizing online advertisements through a third-party marketing firm, which has generated significant exposure within the industry. Working to position ourselves as an opinion leader in the field through the creation of media and content; podcasts, articles, essays and other such materials to build good PR for the business and attract interest for our products. This includes possibly exhibiting and speaking at conferences and advertising in trade journals, associations, etc. Working to generate referrals and engaging in word-of-mouth programs to obtain customers. 7 Table of Contents Our marketing budget is subject to several factors, including our current capital raising efforts, future results of operations and cash flow. If our current capital raising efforts are successful or if our results from operations exceed our expectations over the next twelve months, we expect to significantly increase our marketing budget, which we expect will enable us to increase revenues. We currently have one rental agreement in place with our sole customer for use of GenFlat containers, and we have generated nominal revenue to date pursuant to this rental agreement, as a result, it is difficult to draw any correlation between revenues and marketing expenses. Our Leases We expect most of our revenues will be derived from leasing our equipment to customers. Most of our leases will be structured as operating leases, though we also plan to provide customers with finance leases. Regardless of the lease type, we seek to exceed our targeted return on our investments over the life cycle of the equipment by managing utilization, lease rates, and the used equipment sale/purchase process. Lease Products Our leased products will be structured to provide numerous operational and financial benefits to our customers. These benefits include: Operating Flexibility . The timing, location and daily volume of cargo movements for a shipping line are often unpredictable. Leasing containers helps customers manage this uncertainty and reduces the requirement for inventory buffers by allowing them to pick up leased equipment on short notice. Fleet Size and Mix Flexibility . The drop-off flexibility included in container operating leases allows customers to more quickly adjust the size of their fleets and the mix of container types in their fleets as their trade volumes and patterns change due to seasonality, market changes or changes in company strategies. Alternative Source of Financing . Container leases provide an additional source of equipment financing to help customers manage the high level of investment required to keep pace with the growth of the asset intensive container shipping industry. Operating Leases Operating leases will be structured to allow customers flexibility to pick-up equipment on short notice and to drop-off equipment prior to the end of its useful life. Because of this flexibility, most of our containers will go through several pick-up and drop-off cycles. Our operating lease contracts will specify a per diem rate for equipment on-hire, where and when such equipment can be returned, how the customer will be charged for damage and the charge for lost or destroyed equipment, among other things. We will categorize our operating leases as either long-term leases or service leases. Some leases will have contractual terms that have features reflective of both long-term and service leases. We will classify such leases as either long-term or service leases, depending upon which features we believe are predominant. For example, some leases that provide redelivery flexibility during the lease term will be classified as long-term leases in cases where lessees have made large upfront payments to reduce their lease payment during the lease term or in cases where lessees will incur significant redelivery fees if containers are returned during the lease term. Such leases are generally considered to be long-term leases based on the expected on-hire time and the economic protection achieved by the lease economics. Our long-term leases will generally require our customers to maintain specific units on-hire for the duration of the lease term, and they will provide us with predictable recurring cash flow. Long-term leases typically have initial contractual terms ranging from five to eight or more years. We intend to offer an option to purchase our containers at the end of the lease term. Finance Leases Finance leases will provide our customers with an alternative method to finance their equipment acquisitions. Finance leases are generally structured for specific quantities of equipment, generally require the customer to keep the equipment on-hire for its remaining useful life, and typically provide the customer with a purchase option at the end of the lease term. 8 Table of Contents Customers Currently, we have one paying customer. We have one rental agreement in place with this customer for use of GenFlat containers, and we have generated nominal revenue to date pursuant to this rental agreement. We expect our customers to be mainly comprised of international shipping lines, though we also expect to lease containers to freight forwarding companies, retailers, and manufacturers. Our Company also has a non-commercial proof-of-concept agreement with a freight forwarding company in the Middle East, which commenced in August 2024. The shipping industry has been consolidating for several years, and further consolidation could increase the portion of our revenues that come from our largest customers. A default by one of our major customers could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and future prospects. Credit Controls We plan to monitor our customers performance and our lease exposures on an ongoing basis. Our credit management processes will be aided by our broad network of relationships in the shipping industry that provides current information about our customers market reputations. Credit criteria may include, but are not limited to, customer payment history, customer financial position and performance (e.g., net worth, leverage, and profitability), trade routes, country of domicile and the type of, and location of, equipment that is to be supplied. Competition We operate in a highly competitive industry. The market for our products is competitive and rapidly changing. We experience competition from large, established intermodal equipment leasing companies possessing large, existing customer bases, substantial financial resources and established distribution channels. We compete with at least four other collapsible intermodal-marine equipment companies in addition to many manufacturers of standard intermodal-marine equipment, and companies offering finance leases as distinct from operating leases. It is common for our prospective customers to utilize several leasing companies to meet their equipment needs. We expect competition to persist and intensify in the future. Competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins or the failure of our products and services to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business and our operating results could be harmed. While none of our competitors has penetrated the market, a few of our current and potential competitors may have more financial resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their offerings. Our current and potential competitors have more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships than we have. If we are unable to compete with such companies, the demand for our products and services could substantially decline. Our competitors compete with us in many ways, including lease pricing, lease flexibility, supply reliability and customer service. In times of weak demand or excess supply, leasing companies often respond by lowering leasing rates and increasing the logistical flexibility offered in their lease agreements. In addition, new entrants into the leasing business are often aggressive on pricing and lease flexibility. Furthermore, customers also have the option to purchase intermodal equipment and utilize owned equipment instead of leasing, relying on their own fleets to satisfy their intermodal equipment needs and even leasing their excess container stock to other shipping companies. While we are forced to compete aggressively on price, we attempt to emphasize our overall value with efficiency in collapsing and expanding our containers, the strength and durability of our containers, supply reliability and high level of customer service to our customers. We plan to invest heavily to ensure adequate equipment availability in high demand locations, dedicate large portions of our organization to building customer relationships and maintaining close day-to-day coordination with customers operating staffs, and have developed self-service systems that allow our customers to transact with us through the Internet. 9 Table of Contents Suppliers We do not manufacture any of our products. We have an exclusive Teaming Agreement with China International Marine Containers CIMC to manufacture GenFlat Containers in Dalian, China. Our team members have developed a strong working relationship with CIMC and make regular trips to Dalian to inspect the manufacturing process and maintain close ties to our contacts there. Nevertheless, defects and quality control lapses in our containers can occur. We intend to work with the manufacturer to correct these defects, and we expect our manufacturer to honor its warranty obligations in such cases. We estimate that the four largest container manufacturers in China account for more than 90 of global production volume. Intellectual Property Our GenFlat Containers have five patents in the United States and two patents in China. Our Actuator has one patent in the United States and one in China. To protect our proprietary rights, we will generally rely on copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties. Our patents cover the various iterations of our containers and the actuator, including integral component parts of the container technology. Third parties may copy or obtain and use our proprietary ideas, know-how and other proprietary information without authorization or independently develop similar or superior intellectual property. Our competitors may obtain proprietary rights that would prevent, or limit or interfere with our ability to sell our products. If we are found to infringe on the proprietary rights of others, we may be required to incur substantial costs to defend any litigation, cease offering our products, obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right or redesign our products. Legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of certain proprietary rights are still evolving. We cannot be sure of the future viability or value of any of our proprietary rights or of the similar rights of other companies within this market. We cannot be certain that the steps taken by us will prevent misappropriation or infringement of our proprietary information. Any litigation might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Research and Development To date, our total research and development expenses since inception are approximately 950,000 and have been focused on designing and developing our collapsible marine containers and actuators. Systems and Information Technology We use off-the-shelf technology to operate our business. The efficient operation of our business is highly dependent on our information technology systems to track transactions, bill customers and provide the information needed to report our financial results. Our systems allow customers to facilitate sales orders and drop-off requests on the Internet, view current inventories and check contractual terms in effect with respect to any given container lease agreement. Our systems also maintain a database, which accounts for the containers in our fleet and our leasing agreements, processes leasing and sale transactions, and bill our customers for their use of and damage to our containers. We also use the information provided by these systems in our day-to-day business to make business decisions and improve our operations and customer service. Environmental and Other Regulation We are subject to various business impacts associated with environmental regulations, including potential liability due to accidental discharge from our containers, potential equipment obsolescence or retrofitting expenses due to changes in environmental regulations, and increased risk of container performance problems due to container design changes driven by environmental factors. 10 Table of Contents While we maintain environmental liability insurance coverage, and the terms of our leases and other arrangements for use of our containers place the responsibility for environmental liability on the end user, we still may be subject to environmental liability in connection with our operations. In certain countries like the United States, the owner of a leased container may be liable for the costs of environmental damage from the discharge of the contents of the container even though the owner is not at fault. Our operations are also subject to regulations promulgated in various countries, including the United States, seeking to protect the integrity of international commerce and prevent the use of equipment for international terrorism or other illicit activities, as well as regulations implementing equipment safety measures. As these regulations develop and change, we may incur increased compliance costs. Violations of these rules and regulations can also result in substantial fines and penalties, including potential limitations on operations or forfeitures of assets. Additionally, we may be affected by future regulation related to supply chain management that could impact our equipment and operations. Employees We have two full-time employees and one part-time employee in the United States. From time to time, we expect to employ additional employees and independent contractors as well as legal, accounting and other specialized professionals to support our sales, marketing, business development and administrative needs. Our team has diverse professional backgrounds, allowing each employee to contribute in myriad ways, allowing us to operate with low overhead. Our success will depend on our ability to hire and retain additional qualified marketing, sales, technical and other personnel. Qualified personnel are in high demand. We face considerable competition from other firms for these personnel, many of which have significantly greater resources than we have. Properties Our corporate headquarters is in Tooele, Utah. Substantially all our operating activities are conducted from 1,500 square feet of office space provided by our CEO at a nominal charge. We expect that additional space will be required as our business expands and we believe that we can obtain suitable space as needed. Legal proceedings We may from time to time be involved in routine legal matters incidental to our business; however, we are currently not involved in any litigation, nor are we aware of any threatened or impending litigation. Emerging Growth Company We are and we will remain an emerging growth company as defined under The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which our total annual revenues equal or exceed 1.07 billion, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated filer (with at least 700 million in public float) under the Exchange Act. As an emerging growth company , we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis disclosure; reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; no requirement that we hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; and exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 11 Table of Contents We have taken advantage of some of these reduced burdens, and thus the information we provide you may be different from what you might receive from other public companies in which you hold securities. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a smaller reporting company, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and that had a public float of less than 250 million or annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a smaller reporting company, at such time as we cease being an emerging growth company, the disclosure we will be required to provide in our SEC filings will increase, but it will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company. Specifically, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. 12 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk and represents a highly speculative investment. In addition to the other information contained in this Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following risks before investing in our securities. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. As a result, the price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our securities. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements in this Report on Form 10-K. The risks described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations and could result in a complete loss of your investment. RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMPANY AND OUR BUSINESS Our registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in their audit report. GenFlat does not have a history of profitable operations. As a result, the Company s registered public accounting firm in their audit report has expressed substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on the Company s ability to generate profitable operations. Furthermore, our Company has incurred an accumulated deficit of 3,150,354 from inception to June 30, 2024 and has not fully implemented its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue its business. If we are unable to obtain additional financing from outside sources and eventually produce sufficient revenue, we may be forced to sell our assets, or curtail or discontinue our operations. As described in Note 1 of our audited financial statements contained, our auditors have issued a going concern opinion on our June 30, 2024 financial statements, expressing substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months after issuance of their report based on our history of negative cash flows from operations and reporting of a net loss, and the expectation that we will continue to report negative cash flows from operations and a net loss. At June 30, 2024 the Company had not yet achieved consistent profitable operations and expects to incur further losses in the development of its business, all of which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management has initiated a formal sales and marketing plan including direct email campaigns, industry events, and business to business digital advertising to generate sales. The Company also intends to raise funds through an equity offering to meet the capital requirements to manufacturer its products. However, there is no assurance of additional funding being available through these plans or other sources. We have incurred substantial operating losses since our inception and will continue to incur substantial operating losses for the foreseeable future. Since its inception, GenFlat has been engaged primarily in the research and development of the GenFlat Container. As a result of these activities, we incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash flow since our inception. We incurred a net loss of 1,214,383 for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 875,821 for the year ended June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 3,150,354. We anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses through at least June 2025. We may not be able to generate significant revenue either through customer contracts for our potential products or technologies or through development contracts from the U.S. government or government subcontractors. We expect to improve and expand production, sales, marketing and administrative systems and processes. As a result, we will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability. We cannot assure you that we will ever achieve profitability. 13 Table of Contents We will require additional capital to continue to fund our operations and if we do not obtain additional capital, we may be required to substantially limit our operations. Our business does not presently generate the cash needed to finance our current and anticipated operations. Based on our current operating plan and budgeted cash requirements, we believe that we will need to obtain additional future financing after that time to finance our operations until such time that we can conduct profitable revenue-generating activities. We expect that we will need to seek additional funding through public or private financings, including equity financings. Poor financial results, unanticipated expenses or unanticipated opportunities could require additional financing sooner than we expect. We are currently conducting a 7,200,000 private common stock offering and to date, we have raised 138,000 from this offering. We cannot assure you that we will raise the remaining amount of this offering or that any amount raised to date or in the future will be sufficient to finance our operations. Other additional financing may not be available when we need it or may not be available on acceptable terms. Our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors discussed herein. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Additional financing may not be available to us, due to, among other things, our Company not having a sufficient credit history, income stream, profit level, asset base eligible to be collateralized, or market for its securities. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders may be reduced, and these securities may have rights superior to those of our common stock. If adequate funds are not available to satisfy our long-term capital requirements, or if planned revenues are not generated, we may be required to substantially limit our operations. Our Company is in an early stage of development and it may not be able to develop its business as anticipated. GenFlat is a start-up company that developed a more sustainable collapsible marine container to replace traditional standard marine containers. GenFlat operates as a marine container sales and leasing company and supplies GenFlat s patented marine container primarily to shipping line customers under a variety of short and long-term lease structures. We have one rental agreement in place with our sole customer for use of GenFlat containers, and we have generated nominal revenue to date pursuant to this rental agreement. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because of our limited operating history, early stage of development, and unproven business strategy. Although our management believes that our current business plan has significant potential, our Company may never attain profitable operations and our management may not succeed in realizing its business objectives. If we are not able to execute our business plan as anticipated, our Company may not be able to achieve profitability, and you may lose your entire investment in our securities. Because we have a limited operating history, you may not be able to accurately evaluate our operations. Our GenFlat business has had limited operations to date. Therefore, we have a limited history upon which to evaluate the merits of investing in our Company. You should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by newer businesses and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood of success must be considered considering the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the operations that we may undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to the ability to generate enough cash flow to operate our business, and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. We expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if our business is not succeeding, we will not be able to continue business operations. There is limited history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and we may never achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. 14 Table of Contents We are marketing a new product, the GenFlat Container, and if we fail to accurately predict market growth for the GenFlat Container, we may suffer substantial losses. We are devoting significant resources to bring to market the GenFlat Container. We cannot assure you that the market for the GenFlat Container will grow or that we will be able to accurately forecast market demand, or lack thereof, in time to respond appropriately. Our investment of resources into the GenFlat Container may either be insufficient to meet actual demand or result in expenses that are excessive in light of actual sales volumes. Failure to predict growth and demand accurately may cause us to suffer substantial losses. In addition, as we enter this market, there is a significant risk that: The market may not accept the price and/or performance of our GenFlat Container; There may be issued patents we are not aware of that could block our entry into the market or could result in excessive litigation; and The time required for us to achieve market acceptance of our GenFlat Container may exceed our capital resources that would require additional investment. If we fail to develop our brands cost-effectively, our business may be adversely affected. Successful promotion of our GenFlat Container will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to provide a reliable and useful product at competitive prices. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand or incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, we may fail to attract enough new customers or retain existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, and our business and results of operations could suffer. If we are unable to attract new customers and retain customers on a cost-effective basis, our business and results of operations will be affected adversely. To succeed, we must attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis, many of whom have not previously used marine container products like ours. We will rely upon various third-parties, including channel partnerships with logistics companies, associations, ports and consultants. In addition, we intend to rely on a variety of other methods to market our product, including, among others, identifying prospective clients through the personal and professional relationships of our management team, attending conferences, trade shows and other industry events, online advertising and word of mouth. If we are unable to utilize any of our current or intended marketing initiatives or the cost of such initiatives were to significantly increase or such initiatives or our efforts to satisfy our existing customers are not successful, we may not be able to attract new customers or retain customers on a cost-effective basis and, as a result, our revenue and results of operations would be affected adversely. We purchase our GenFlat Containers from one container manufacturer based in China, potentially limiting our ability to maintain an adequate supply of GenFlat Containers and increasing our risk of negative outcomes from any manufacturing disputes. All of our GenFlat Containers are currently manufactured pursuant to our exclusive Teaming Agreement with China International Marine Containers CIMC in Dalian, China. In addition, the container manufacturing industry in China is highly concentrated. In the event that it were to become more difficult or more expensive for us to procure containers in China because of further consolidation among container suppliers, reduced production by our supplier, increased tariffs imposed by the United States or other governments or for any other reason, we may be unable to fully pass these increased costs through to our customers in the form of higher lease rates and we may not be able to adequately invest in and grow our container fleet. 15 Table of Contents Additionally, we may face significant challenges in the event of disputes with CIMC due to the limited number of potential alternative suppliers and higher uncertainty of outcomes for commercial disputes in China. Such disputes could involve the manufacturer s warranties or the manufacturer s ability and willingness to comply with key terms of our Teaming Agreement or other purchase agreements such as container quantities, container quality, delivery timing and price. The market in which we participate is competitive and, if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. The market in which we participate is competitive, and the barriers to entry are relatively low. With the influx of new entrants to the market, we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase sales, limit customer attrition and maintain our prices. Competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins or the failure of our GenFlat Containers to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business. We will be competing with large established businesses possessing large, existing customer bases, substantial financial and marketing resources and established distribution channels, customer bases and customer relationships. If we are unable to compete with such companies, our Company could fail in its entirety. We are subject to the risks frequently experienced by early-stage companies . The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the risks frequently encountered by early-stage companies, especially those formed to develop and market new products. These risks include our potential inability to: Establish product sales and marketing capabilities; Establish and maintain markets for our products; Identify, attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; Develop outside contractor relationships; Maintain our reputation and build trust with customers; Scale up from small initial operations to larger scale operations on a consistent basis; Contract for or develop the internal skills needed to master larger operational scales; and Sufficiently fund the capital expenditures required to scale up from small initial operations to larger operations. If we fail to effectively manage our growth our business could suffer . Our Company anticipates that a period of significant expansion will be required to achieve the objectives set forth in our GenFlat business plan. This expansion will place a significant strain on our Company s management, operational and financial resources. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we must establish appropriate and scalable operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, and we must continue to establish qualified finance, administrative and operations staff. As a reporting company, our Company and its management will have to implement internal controls to comply with government-mandated regulations. Our management may be unable to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage the necessary personnel or to identify, manage and exploit potential strategic relationships and market opportunities. Our failure to manage growth effectively could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including the value of our securities. The international nature of our business exposes us to numerous risks. We are subject to numerous risks inherent in conducting business across national boundaries, any one of which could adversely impact our business. Risks of international operations include, but are not limited to: the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers; difficulties with enforcement of lessees' obligations across various jurisdictions; changes in governmental policy or regulation affecting our business and industry, including as a result of the political relationship between the U.S. and other countries; 16 Table of Contents restrictions on the transfer of funds into or out of countries in which we operate; political and social unrest or instability; nationalization of foreign assets; military conflicts; government protectionism; health or similar issues, including epidemics and pandemics; and labor or other disruptions at key ports or at manufacturing facilities of our suppliers. Our ability to enforce lessees obligations will be subject to applicable law in the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. As containers are used in international commerce, it is not possible to predict, with any degree of certainty, the jurisdictions in which enforcement proceedings may commence. For example, repossession from defaulting lessees may be difficult and more expensive in jurisdictions in which laws do not confer the same security interests and rights to creditors and lessors as those in the United States and in other jurisdictions where recovery of containers from defaulting lessees is more cumbersome. As a result, the costs, relative success and expedience of collecting receivables or pursuing enforcement proceedings with respect to containers in various jurisdictions cannot be predicted. Substantial supply chain bottlenecks and other logistical constraints such as the ones experienced in 2021 could lead to increased government regulation which may negatively impact container flows and container demand, as well as lead to higher costs of conducting business globally. Any one or more of these or other factors could adversely affect our current or future international operations and business. Marine Container leasing demand can be negatively affected by decreases in global trade due to global and regional economic downturns. Overall demand for marine containers depends largely on the rate of world trade and economic growth. Significant downturns in global economic growth or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions can negatively affect marine container demand and lessors' decisions to lease marine containers. During economic downturns and periods of reduced trade, shipping lines tend to use and lease fewer containers, or lease containers only at reduced rates, and tend to rely more on their own fleets to satisfy a greater percentage of their requirements. As a result, during periods of weak global economic activity or reduced trade, container lessors typically experience decreased leasing demand, decreased equipment utilization, lower average rental rates, decreased leasing revenue, decreased used container resale prices and significantly decreased profitability. These effects can be and have been severe. Market leasing rates may decrease due to a decrease in new container prices, weak leasing demand, increased competition or other factors. Market leasing rates have historically varied widely and changed suddenly. Market leasing rates are typically a function of, among other things, new equipment prices (which are heavily influenced by steel prices), interest rates, the type and length of the lease, the equipment supply and demand balance at a particular time and location, and other factors described in this Risk Factors section. A decrease in market leasing rates will negatively impact the leasing rates on both new marine container investments and any existing containers in our fleet. Most of our containers are expected to be contracted on operating leases with lease terms shorter than the expected life of the container, thus the lease rate we may receive for the container would be subject to change at the expiration of the current lease. The profitability impact of decreasing lease rates on existing containers can be particularly severe since it leads to a reduction in revenue with no corresponding reduction in investment or expenses. 17 Table of Contents Increased tariffs or other trade actions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The international nature of our business and the container shipping industry exposes us to risks relating to the imposition of import and export duties, quotas and tariffs. These risks have increased over the last several years as the United States and other countries have adopted protectionist trade policies and as companies look to on-shoring or near-shoring their production to address material and parts shortages and/or increased costs due to these actions. Trade growth and demand for leased containers decreased from 2018 to 2019 due to a trade dispute between the United States and China that led to both countries imposing tariffs on imported goods from the other. While the United States and China agreed in January 2020 to limit further actions, significant uncertainty remains about the future relationship between the United States and China as tariffs and other trade barriers remain historically high, other key areas of economic and foreign policy difference remain unresolved and tensions remain elevated. Given the importance of the United States and China in the global economy, continued or increased tensions between these countries could significantly reduce the volume of goods traded internationally and reduce the rate of global economic growth. Increased trade barriers and the risk of further disruptions is also motivating some manufacturers and retailers to reduce their reliance on overseas production and could reduce the long-term growth rate for international trade, leading to decreased demand for leased containers, lower new container prices, decreased market leasing rates and lower used container disposal prices. These impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, profitability and cash flows. Our business and results of operations are subject to risks resulting from the political and economic policies of China. A substantial portion of our containers are expected to be leased out from locations in China and we expect to have several customers that are domiciled in China. CIMC, the manufacturer of our GenFlat Container is also located in China. The political and economic policies of China and the level of economic activity in China may have a significant impact on our business and financial performance. Changes in laws and policies in China such as restrictions on private enterprise or foreign investment, the introduction of measures to control inflation, changes in the rate or method of taxation, and the imposition of additional restrictions on currency conversion or remittances abroad could significantly impact business investment and exports in China. Additionally, government policies that reduce the emphasis on manufacturing and increase priorities for domestic consumption and services may alter trade patterns and reduce demand for containers in China. Chinese government environmental laws and regulations may increase the cost of manufacturing in China, leading to reduced exports and decreased container demand. Additionally, the re-imposition of policies aimed at controlling the COVID-19 pandemic or future disease outbreaks may reduce manufacturing activity and exports and lead to further logistical disruptions in global shipping. Changes in China s laws and regulations could also impact the cost and availability of new containers from our container manufacturer in China. These factors could have a significant negative effect on our customers, the cost and availability of new containers and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, a geo-political conflict involving China could significantly reduce global economic activity and trade and have a material adverse effect on our business given the large share of global exports and container lease-outs represented by China. We will be exposed to customer credit risk, including the risk of lessee defaults. Our GenFlat Containers may be leased to numerous customers, who may be responsible to pay lease rentals and other charges, including repair fees and costs for damage to or loss of equipment. Some of our customers may be privately owned and would not provide detailed financial information regarding their operations. Our future customers could incur financial difficulties, or otherwise have difficulty making payments to us when due for any number of factors which we may be unable to anticipate. A delay or diminution in amounts received under the leases, or a default in the performance of our lessees' obligations under the leases could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 18 Table of Contents In addition, when lessees default, we may fail to recover all of our equipment, and the equipment we do recover may be returned in damaged condition or to locations where we may not be able to efficiently re-lease or sell the equipment. As a result, we may have to repair our equipment and reposition it to other locations and we may lose lease revenues and incur significant operating expenses. We will likely often incur extra costs when repossessing containers from a defaulting lessee. These costs typically arise when a lessee also defaults on payments owed to container terminals or depot facilities where the repossessed containers are located. In such cases, the terminal or depot facility may delay or bar us from taking possession of our containers or sometimes seek to have us repay a portion of the lessee's unpaid bills as a condition to releasing the containers back to us. While the marine container shipping industry experienced improved profitability in 2020 and 2021 the industry has generally been characterized by excess vessel capacity and weak financial performance. In addition, the potential impact of customer defaults is high due to the large volume of high-priced containers purchased and leased out in 2021. It is difficult and expensive to obtain credit insurance in our industry and we do not expect to purchase credit insurance policies. As a result, a major customer default could have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and cash flows. Used marine container sales prices are volatile and sale prices can fall below our accounting residual values, leading to losses on the disposal of our equipment. Although our future revenues primarily depend upon equipment leasing, any future profitability will also be affected by the gains or losses we realize on the sale of used containers because we expect that, in the ordinary course of our business, we will sell certain containers when they are returned by customers upon lease expiration. The volatility of the selling prices and gains or losses from the disposal of such equipment can be significant. Used marine container selling prices, which can vary substantially, depend upon, among other factors, the cost of new containers, the global supply and demand balance for marine container generally, the location of the containers, the supply and demand balance for used containers at a particular location, the physical condition of the container and related refurbishment needs, materials and labor costs and obsolescence of certain equipment or technology. Most of these factors are outside of our control. At some point during their useful lifetime, we may sell our used GenFlat Containers if it is in our best interest to do so after taking into consideration local and global leasing and sale market conditions and the age, location and physical condition of the container. As these considerations vary, gains or losses on sale of equipment will also fluctuate and may be significant if we sell large quantities of containers. We may incur significant costs associated with relocation of leased equipment. When lessees return equipment to locations where supply exceeds demand, marine containers are expected to be routinely repositioned to higher demand areas. Positioning expenses vary depending on geographic location, distance, freight rates and other factors. Positioning expenses can be significant if a large portion of our containers are returned to locations with weak demand. We will seek to limit the number of containers that can be returned to areas where demand is not expected to be strong; however, future market conditions may not enable us to do so. In addition, we may not be successful in accurately anticipating which port locations will be characterized by weak or strong demand in the future, and any existing contracts will not provide much protection against positioning costs if ports that are expected to be strong demand ports turn out to be low demand ports when the equipment is returned. In particular, many of our lease contracts are expected to be structured so that most containers will be returned to areas with current strong demand, especially major ports in China. If the economy in China continues to evolve in a way that leads to less focus on manufacturing and exports and more focus on consumer spending, imports and services, we may face large positioning costs in the future to relocate containers dropped off into China. 19 Table of Contents Severe weather, climate change, international hostilities, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events could negatively impact our operations and profitability and may expose us to liability. Catastrophic natural events such as hurricanes, earthquakes, or fires, or other events, such as chemical explosions or other industrial accidents could lead to extensive damage to our equipment, significant disruptions to trade and reduced demand for marine containers. In addition, climate change could worsen some of these risks and lead to economic instability and extensive disruptions to world trade. These events could also impact the profitability of our customers and lead to higher credit risk. The incidence, severity and consequences of any of these events are unpredictable. Military conflicts or other serious international disputes could also significantly impact our business. International conflicts often lead to economic sanctions and decreased trade activity and military conflicts often involve the blockade of ports. A serious conflict involving major global trading partners could have a material impact on global trade, the demand for containers, our profitability and our customers ability to honor their lease obligations. It is also possible that our containers could be involved in a terrorist attack. Although our lease agreements will likely typically require our customers to indemnify us against all damages and liabilities arising out of the use of our containers and we will carry insurance to potentially offset any costs in the event that our customer indemnifications prove to be insufficient, our insurance will likely not cover certain types of terrorist attacks. We may also experience reputational harm from a terrorist attack in which one of our containers is involved. The lack of an international title registry for containers increases the risk of ownership disputes. There is no internationally recognized system for recording or filing to evidence our title to containers nor is there an internationally recognized system for filing security interests in containers. Although this has not occurred to date, the lack of an international title recordation system for containers could result in disputes with lessees, end-users, or third parties who may improperly claim ownership of the containers. Our quarter-to-quarter performance may vary substantially, and this variance, as well as general market conditions, may cause the value of our securities to vary greatly and even potentially expose us to litigation. We cannot accurately estimate future quarterly revenue and operating expenses. Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly based on many factors, including: Fluctuating demand for our potential products; Announcements or implementation by our competitors of new products; Amount and timing of our costs related to our marketing efforts or other initiatives; Timing and amounts relating to the expansion of our operations; Our ability to enter into, renegotiate or renew key agreements; Timing and amounts relating to the expansion of our operations; Developing regulations specific to our industry or customers; or Economic conditions specific to our industry, as well as general economic conditions. Our current and future expense estimates are based, in large part, on estimates of future revenue, which is difficult to predict. We expect to make significant operating and capital expenditures in connection with the development of our plan of business. We may be unable to, or may elect not to, adjust spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected revenue shortfall. If our increased expenses were not accompanied by increased revenue in the same quarter, our quarterly operating results would be harmed. We will rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. We will rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, including: Third parties that provide GenFlat Container manufacturing services; Third parties that provide marketing and sales leads; Third parties that provide certain outsourced customer support; and Third parties that provide facilities, infrastructure, components and services. 20 Table of Contents Any of the third parties we use may breach their agreements with us, refuse to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competing services. Political issues, financial or regulatory issues, labor issues, or other problems that prevent these third parties from providing services to us or our customers could harm our business. If our service providers do not perform satisfactorily, our operations could be disrupted, which could result in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and harm our business operations, all of which could adversely affect the value of our securities. We may incur increased costs or be required to comply with increased restrictions due to the implementation of government regulations. Trade and transportation activity is regulated in most major economies. International container leasing companies have historically not been heavily impacted by regulations since containers have typically been viewed as international assets. However, many governments, including the United States, have enacted and/or are considering increased regulation of the ocean shipping sector in response to supply chain disruptions and increased transportation costs caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. We could incur increased costs and face operational complexity as a result of future regulations. We also may become subject to regulations seeking to protect the integrity of international commerce and prevent the use of containers for international terrorism or other illicit activities or to set increased safety standards. For example, the Container Safety Initiative, the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Act and Operation Safe Commerce are among the programs administered by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security that are designed to enhance security for containerized cargo entering and leaving the United States. Moreover, the International Convention for Safe Containers CSC applies to containers and seeks to maintain a high level of safety of human life in the transport and handling of containers by providing uniform international safety regulations. As these regulations develop and change, we may incur increased costs for the acquisition of new, compliant equipment and/or the adaptation of existing equipment to meet any new requirements imposed by such regulations. Additionally, future development of products designed to enhance the security of containers transported in international commerce may result in increased costs associated with the adoption of these products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we fail to comply with applicable regulations that impact our international operations, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. Due to the international scope of our planned operations, we will be subject to a numerous laws and regulations, including economic sanctions, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, import and export and similar laws. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the enforcement of many of these laws in the United States and other countries. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws and regulations may subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, and other enforcement actions in one or more jurisdictions, result in significant additional compliance requirements and costs, increase regulatory scrutiny of our business, result in the loss of customers, restrict our operations and limit our ability to grow our business, adversely affect our results of operations, and harm our reputation. Environmental regulations and liability may adversely affect our business and financial condition. We are subject to U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants to air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations in connection with our or our lessees current or historical operations. Under some environmental laws in the United States and certain other countries, the owner of a leased container may be liable for environmental damage, cleanup or other costs in the event of a spill or discharge of material from a container without regard to the owner's fault. Our insurance coverage and any indemnities provided by our lessees may be insufficient to compensate us for losses arising from environmental damage. Changes in laws and regulations, or actions by authorities under existing laws or regulations, to address greenhouse gas emissions and climate change could negatively impact our and our customers business. For example, restrictions on emissions could significantly increase costs for our customers whose operations require significant amounts of energy. Customers increased costs could reduce their demand to lease our assets. 21 Table of Contents We are dependent upon our key executives for future success and our failure to retain and attract qualified personnel could harm our business. Our Company depends greatly on our Chief Executive Officer, Drew Hall. Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to attract and retain additional skilled personnel, which will require substantial additional funds. We cannot assure you that our Company will be able to find, attract and retain additional qualified employees, directors, and advisors having the skills necessary to operate, develop and grow our business. Our inability to hire qualified personnel, the loss of services of Mr. Hall, or the loss of services of other executive officers, key employees, or advisors that may be hired in the future, may have a material and adverse effect on our Company s business. We currently do not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other officers or employees. In the future, the Company could experience difficulties attracting and retaining qualified employees. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense. We may need to hire additional personnel as we expand our development and commercial activities. We may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, we have limited resources and as such we may not able to provide an employee with the same amount of compensation that he or she would likely receive at a larger company and as a result we may face difficulty in finding qualified employees. Additionally, we can only afford a limited amount of director and officers insurance coverage, making it more likely that we would be unable to attract or retain experienced business executives. The inability to attract, retain and motivate any additional highly skilled employees required for the expansion of our planned activities, could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business and as such can impair our operations. Because our executive officers engage in other business activities, they may not be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, causing our business to fail. Our Chief Executive Officer, Drew Hall, currently devotes approximately 90 of his working time providing management services to our Company. Our other executive officers expect to devote approximately 40 hours per week providing management services to our Company. Since none of our executive officers are required to commit their full time to the affairs of the Company, such persons may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among their various business activities. It is possible that their demands from their various other business obligations could increase, with the result that they would no longer be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business. The loss of any of our officers or directors could negatively impact our business development. We do not currently have any general liability insurance to protect us in case of customer or other claims. We do not have any general liability insurance to cover any potential claims to which we are exposed. Any imposition of liability would increase our operating losses and reduce our net worth and working capital. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may disrupt our business and make our products less competitive, having a material adverse impact on our business. We expect a substantial amount of our future revenue to arise from foreign net sales. Products and services sold by our Company and the cost of these products may be affected by relative changes in the value of the local currencies of the markets we operate in. Price increases caused by currency exchange rate fluctuations may make our products and services less competitive or have an adverse effect on our net revenues, margins and operating results. As a result, currency fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 22 Table of Contents Our management team has limited experience managing a reporting company, and regulatory compliance may divert its attention from the day-to-day management of our business. Our management team has limited experience managing a publicly-traded company and limited experience complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to reporting companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage a reporting company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws. In particular, these new obligations will require substantial attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business. Because our Company does not have nomination and corporate governance, audit or compensation committees, you will have to rely on the board of directors to perform these functions. Our Company does not have a nomination and corporate governance, audit or compensation committee and these functions are performed by the board of directors as a whole, which is currently comprised of one director, our Chief Executive Officer, Drew Hall. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that the board member who is also part of management participates in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. These decisions may not be in your best interests. Our Company has limited the liability of its board of directors and management. Our Company s certificate of incorporation, as amended, limits the liability of our directors generally provides that directors shall have no personal liability to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duties as directors, except pursuant to applicable Delaware law. Our bylaws provide for indemnification by the Company of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware corporate law. Such provisions substantially limit stockholders ability to hold directors liable for breaches of fiduciary duty. Our GenFlat business will continue to incur costs as a result of operating as a reporting company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. We will continue to incur certain costs of compliance with applicable SEC reporting rules and regulations including, but not limited to attorneys fees, accounting and auditing fees, other professional fees and Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX compliance costs. However, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, our Company intends to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other reporting companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of SOX, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our Company s periodic reports and other SEC filings, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We intend to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. After, and if ever, the Company is no longer an emerging growth company, it expects to incur significant additional expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with those requirements applicable to companies that are not emerging growth companies, including Section 404 of SOX. 23 Table of Contents The Company s internal controls over financial reporting may not be effective and its independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness, which could have a significant and adverse effect on the Company s business and reputation. Pursuant to Section 404 of SOX, the Company is required to furnish a report by its management on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. However, while the Company remains an emerging growth company, it will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by its independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 of SOX within the prescribed period, the Company will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate its internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, the Company will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and counsel and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite the Company s efforts, to date, our Company has not been able to conclude that its internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404 of SOX. As a result, our securities could decline in value due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of the Company s financial statements. In addition, the Company will be required to incur costs in improving its internal control system and the hiring of additional personnel. Any such action could negatively affect the Company s results of operations and cash flows. RISKS RELATED TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND PRIVACY LAWS We are reliant upon information technology to operate our business and maintain our competitiveness. Our ability to leverage our technology and data scale is critical to our long-term strategy. Our business increasingly depends upon the use of sophisticated information technologies and systems, including technology and systems (cloud solutions, mobile and otherwise) utilized for communications, marketing, productivity tools, training, lead generation, records of transactions, business records (employment, accounting, tax, etc.), procurement and administrative systems. The operation of these technologies and systems is dependent upon third-party technologies, systems and services, for which there are no assurances of continued or uninterrupted availability and support by the applicable third-party vendors on commercially reasonable terms. We also cannot assure that we will be able to continue to effectively operate and maintain our information technologies and systems. In addition, our information technologies and systems are expected to require refinements and enhancements on an ongoing basis, and we expect that advanced new technologies and systems will continue to be introduced. We may not be able to obtain such new technologies and systems, or to replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as our competitors or in a cost-effective manner. Also, we may not achieve the benefits anticipated or required from any new technology or system, and we may not be able to devote financial resources to new technologies and systems in the future. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. We face growing risks and costs related to cybersecurity threats to our data and customer, franchisee, employee and independent sales agent data, including but not limited to: the failure or significant disruption of our operations from various causes, including human error, computer malware, ransomware, insecure software, zero-day threats, or other events related to our critical information technologies and systems; the increasing level and sophistication of cybersecurity attacks, including distributed denial of service attacks, data theft, fraud or malicious acts on the part of trusted insiders, social engineering, or other unlawful tactics aimed at compromising the systems and data of our officers and employees (including via systems not directly controlled by us, such as those maintained by joint venture partners and third-party service providers); the reputational and financial risks associated with a loss of data or material data breach (including unauthorized access to our proprietary business information or personal information of our customers, employees and independent sales agents), the transmission of computer malware, or the diversion of home sale transaction closing funds. 24 Table of Contents Global cybersecurity threats can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems via viruses, worms, and other malicious software, to phishing to advanced and targeted hacking launched by individuals or organizations. These attacks may be directed at the Company, its employees, third-party service providers and joint venture partners. In the ordinary course of our business, we and our third-party service providers collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property and that of our clients as well as personally identifiable information, sensitive financial information and other confidential information of our employees and customers. Additionally, we increasingly rely on third-party data processing, storage providers, and critical infrastructure services, including cloud solution providers. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations and with respect to information collected and stored by our third-party service providers, we are reliant upon their security procedures. A breach or attack affecting one of our third-party service providers or partners could harm our business even if we do not control the service that is attacked. In addition, the increasing prevalence and the evolution of cyber-attacks and other efforts to breach or disrupt our systems or those of our employees, customers, third-party service providers and joint venture partners, have and will likely lead to increased costs to us with respect to preventing, investigating, mitigating and remediating these risks. Moreover, we are required to comply with regulations both in the United States and in other countries where we do business that regulate cybersecurity, privacy and related matters. While we, our third-party service providers and our joint venture partners have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, none of them to date has been material to the Company. Although we employ measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats (including access controls, data encryption, penetration testing, vulnerability assessments and maintenance of backup and protective systems), and conduct diligence on the security measures employed by key third- party service providers, cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties, including personally identifiable information and financial information) and the disruption of business operations. Our facilities and systems are vulnerable to natural disasters and other unexpected events and any of these events could result in an interruption of our ability to execute clients email campaigns. We will depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operations of our third-party data centers and hardware systems. The data centers and hardware systems are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. If any of these events results in damage to third-party data centers or systems, we may be unable to provide our clients with our service until the damage is repaired and may accordingly lose clients and revenues. In addition, subject to applicable insurance coverage, we may incur substantial costs in repairing any damage. 25 Table of Contents Any significant disruption in service on our website or in our computer systems, or in our customer support services, could reduce the attractiveness of our services and result in a loss of customers. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our services are critical to our operations, level of customer service, reputation and ability to attract new customers and retain customers. Most of our computing hardware is co-located in third-party hosting facilities. None of the companies who host our systems guarantee that our customers access to our products will be uninterrupted, error-free or secure. Our operations depend on their ability to protect their and our systems in their facilities against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, air quality, temperature, humidity and other environmental concerns, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems, criminal acts and similar events. If our arrangements with third-party data centers are terminated, or there is a lapse of service or damage to their facilities, we could experience interruptions in our service as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities. Any interruptions or delays in access to our services, whether as a result of a third-party error, our own error, natural disasters or security breaches, whether accidental or willful, could harm our relationships with customers and our reputation. These factors could damage our brand and reputation, divert our employees attention, reduce our revenue, subject us to liability and cause customers to cancel their accounts, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the security of customers confidential information stored in our systems is breached or otherwise subjected to unauthorized access, our reputation may be severely harmed, we may be exposed to liability and we may lose the ability to offer our customers a credit payment option. Our systems may store customers credit information and other critical data. Any accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access could expose us to liability for the loss of such information, adverse regulatory action by federal and state governments, time-consuming and expensive litigation and other possible liabilities as well as negative publicity, which could severely damage our reputation. If security measures are breached because of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, or if design flaws in our software are exposed and exploited, and, as a result, a third party obtains unauthorized access to any of our customers data, our relationships with our customers will be severely damaged, and we could incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until they are launched against a target, we and our third-party hosting facilities may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, many states have enacted laws requiring companies to notify customers of data security breaches involving their personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding a security breach often lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. Any security breach, whether actual or perceived, would harm our reputation, and we could lose customers and fail to acquire new customers. If we fail to maintain our compliance with the data protection policy documentation standards adopted by the major credit companies, we could lose our ability to offer our customers a credit payment option. Any loss of our ability to offer our customers a credit payment option would make our products less attractive to many small organizations by negatively impacting our customer experience and significantly increasing our administrative costs related to customer payment processing. We do not have a disaster recovery system, which could lead to service interruptions and result in a loss of customers. We do not have any disaster recovery systems. In the event of a disaster in which our software or hardware are irreparably damaged or destroyed, we would experience interruptions in access to our services. Any or all these events could cause our customers to lose access to our services. We may be unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our potential products and technology. Our intellectual property, or any intellectual property that we have or may acquire, license or develop in the future, may not provide meaningful competitive advantages. Our patents and patent applications, including those we license, may be challenged by competitors, and the rights granted under such patents or patent applications may not provide meaningful proprietary protection. For example, numerous patents held by third parties could be used as a basis to challenge the validity or limit the scope of our patents or patent applications. A successful challenge to the validity or limitation of the scope of our patents or patent applications could limit our ability to commercialize our GenFlat Container and, consequently, reduce our revenues. 26 Table of Contents Moreover, competitors may infringe our patents or those that we license, or successfully avoid these patents through design innovation. To combat infringement or unauthorized use, we may need to resort to litigation, which can be expensive and time-consuming and may not succeed in protecting our proprietary rights. In addition, in an infringement proceeding a court may decide that our patents or other intellectual property rights are not valid or are unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the intellectual property at issue on the ground that it is non-infringing. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and expensive, and we may not be able to, or have the resources to, prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect these rights as fully as the laws of the United States. We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented technology and know-how. We try to protect this technology and know-how by limiting access to those employees, contractors and strategic partners with a need to know this information and by entering into confidentiality agreements with these parties. Any of these parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or confidential information to our competitors, or these competitors might learn of the information in other ways. Disclosure of any trade secret not protected by a patent could materially harm our business. We may be subject to patent infringement claims, which could result in substantial costs and liability and prevent us from commercializing our potential products. Third parties may assert patent and other intellectual property infringement claims against us in the form of lawsuits, letters or other forms of communication. These claims, whether or not successful, could, among other things, divert management s attention, result in costly and time-consuming litigation, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, require us to redesign our GenFlat Container to avoid infringement. As a result, any third-party intellectual property claims against us could increase our expenses and adversely affect our business. Even if we have not infringed any third parties intellectual property rights, we cannot be sure our legal defenses will be successful, and even if we are successful in defending against such claims, our legal defense could require significant financial resources and management time. Finally, if a third party successfully asserts a claim that our products infringe its proprietary rights, royalty or licensing agreements might not be available on terms we find acceptable or at all and we may be required to pay significant monetary damages to such third party. Ultimately, we may be unable to successfully commercialize our GenFlat Container or may have to cease our business operations as a result of patent infringement claims. Our technology may be subject to foreign or domestic government rights. We may have obligations to foreign or domestic government agencies in connection with the technology that we have developed, including the right to require that a compulsory license be granted to one or more third parties selected by certain government agencies. It may be difficult to monitor whether these third parties will limit their use of our technology to these licensed uses, and we could incur substantial expenses to enforce our rights to our licensed technology in the event of misuse. RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES There is no active market for our common stock, which may make it more difficult for you to sell your stock; purchasers of our stock may have difficulty selling their shares. There is currently no active public trading market for our common stock and an active trading market in our common may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets (OTC Pink) under the symbol GFLT. To date, however, minimal public trading market has developed, so purchasers and/or holders of our securities may have difficulty selling their shares should they desire to do so. In the event an active market develops in our securities, it may not be sustained. As a result, you should purchase shares only as a long-term investment, and you must be prepared to hold your shares for an indefinite period. 27 Table of Contents In the event an active trading market for our common stock develops, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. You should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuations in the market value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Report on Form 10-K, are: sale of our common stock by our stockholders, executives, and directors volatility and limitations in trading volumes of our shares of common stock our ability to obtain financing the timing and success of introductions of new products by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our business industries our ability to attract new customers changes in our capital structure or dividend policy, future issuances of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders our cash position announcements and events surrounding financing efforts, including debt and equity securities our inability to enter into our target markets reputational issues announcements of acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, new products, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors changes in general economic, political and market conditions in or any of the regions in which we conduct our business changes in industry conditions or perceptions analyst research reports, recommendation and changes in recommendations, price targets, and withdrawals of coverage departures and additions of key personnel disputes and litigations related to intellectual properties, proprietary rights, and contractual obligations changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting practices and other dynamics and other events or factors, many of which may be out of our control. In addition, if the market for stocks in our industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 28 Table of Contents Our securities are subject to the penny stock rules, which make it more difficult to trade our shares. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not retain a listing on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange and if the price of our securities is less than 5.00, our securities could be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our securities, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their securities. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. In addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative, low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. The FINRA requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares, as well as overall liquidity, of our common stock. State securities laws may limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which, and conditions under which, you can sell the securities sold in this offering. Secondary trading in our securities will not be possible in any state in the U.S. unless and until the securities are qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in such state. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our securities for secondary trading or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our securities in every state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the securities in any state, the securities could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. If a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our securities, the market for our securities could be adversely affected. 29 Table of Contents We may issue additional equity securities, or engage in other transactions that could dilute our book value or relative rights of our common stock, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We are authorized to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of common stock. As of the September 25, 2024, we have 10,604,524 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Our Board may determine from time to time that it needs to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares of our common stock or other securities. Except as otherwise described in this Report on Form 10-K, we will not be restricted from issuing additional common stock, including securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, shares of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future offerings, or the prices at which such offerings may be affected. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock. Holders of our securities are not entitled to pre-emptive rights or other protections against dilution. New investors also may have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to, and that adversely affect, then current holders of our securities. Additionally, if we raise additional capital by making offerings of debt or preferred shares, upon our liquidation, holders of our debt securities, if any, and lenders with respect to other borrowings, if any, may receive distributions of our available assets before the holders of our common stock. The ability of a stockholder to recover all or any portion of such stockholder s investment in the event of a dissolution or termination may be limited. In the event of a dissolution or termination of our Company, the proceeds realized from the liquidation of the assets of our Company, or our subsidiaries will be distributed among the common stockholders, but only after the satisfaction of the claims of third-party creditors of our Company. The ability of a common stockholder to recover all or any portion of such stockholder s investment under such circumstances will, accordingly, depend on the amount of net proceeds realized from such liquidation and the amount of claims to be satisfied therefrom. There can be no assurance that our Company will recognize gains on such liquidation, nor is there any assurance that common stockholders will receive a distribution in such a case. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, as such, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Our Company has never declared any cash dividends on its common stock. We currently intend to use all available funds and any future earnings for use in financing the growth of our business. In addition, any future loan arrangements we enter into may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. We are an emerging growth company and are able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company we have elected to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 30 Table of Contents We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. We are considered a smaller reporting company and are able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority- owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that, among other criteria, (i) had a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principal market for the common equity or (ii) had annual revenues of less than 100 million and either no public float or a public float of less than 700 million. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required and may not include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy statements we provide only two years of financial statements and we do not need to provide the table of selected financial data. We also have other scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies which could make our common stock less attractive to potential investors, and also could make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares. Financial reporting obligations of being a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance matters. As a publicly traded company, we incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses. The obligations of being a public company in the United States require significant expenditures and place significant demands on our management and other personnel, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. These rules require the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. Moreover, despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations will make some activities more time-consuming and costly, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and keep pace with new regulations so that we do not fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted, among other potential problems. 31 Table of Contents The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting. We have identified weaknesses in our internal controls, and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will be effectively remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not occur in the future. We do not yet have effective disclosure controls and procedures, or internal controls over all aspects of our financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Our management has deemed certain conditions to be material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal controls. For example, we do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures and due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. We will be required to expend time and resources to further improve our internal controls over financial reporting, including by expanding our staff. However, we cannot assure you that our internal control over financial reporting, as modified, will enable us to identify or avoid material weaknesses in the future. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business, including increased complexity resulting from our international expansion. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could also adversely affect the results of management reports and independent registered public accounting firm audits of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports that we file with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. Changes in accounting principles and guidance, or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including changes to our previously filed financial statements, which could cause our stock price to decline. We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a significant effect on our reported results and retroactively affect previously reported results. Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. Our directors, executive officers and affiliates own approximately 47 of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly, these stockholders may exert significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, a merger, the consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets or any other significant corporate transaction. The interests of these stockholders may not be the same as or may even conflict with our other investors interests. For example, these stockholders could delay or prevent a change in control of us, even if such a change in control would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our Company or our assets. The significant concentration of stock ownership may negatively impact the value of our common stock due to potential investors perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. Liability of directors for breach of duty is limited under Delaware law. Our certificate of incorporation, as amended, limits the liability of directors to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except for liability for any: breach of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or transaction from which the directors derived an improper personal benefit. These limitations of liability do not apply to liabilities arising under the federal or state securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. 32 Table of Contents Our bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law, and may indemnify employees and other agents. Our bylaws also provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding. We expect to enter into separate indemnification agreements with our directors and officers or provide additional indemnification to our directors and officers through indemnification provisions in their employment agreements. These agreements or provisions, among other things, will require us to indemnify our directors and officers for any and all expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees) judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such directors or officers or on his or her behalf in connection with any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of our directors or officers, or any of our subsidiaries or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request provided that such person follows the procedures for determining entitlement to indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in the indemnification agreement or employment agreement. We believe that these certificate of incorporation provisions, bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements/provisions are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might provide a benefit to us and our stockholders. Our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Our bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Our bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our Company; any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company's stockholders; any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these by-laws; or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; This provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies bylaws and certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any action, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. Additionally, these provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 33 Table of Contents Rule 144 May Not Be Available To You Although we do not consider our Company to be a shell company or an issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company, our Company may be deemed as such by third parties, including brokerage firms and government agencies, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by a shell company or an issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company unless the issuer: (i) has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) is subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; (iii) has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) has filed current Form 10 information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is no longer a shell company. Thereafter, such securities may be sold subject to the requirements of Rule 144 after one year has elapsed from the date that the issuer filed Form 10 information with the SEC. As a result, in the event we are considered to have previously been a shell company and do not meet all of these criteria, Rule 144 will not be available to you. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. We are a start-up company with limited operations, yet we recognize that we are subject to various cybersecurity risks that could adversely affect our business. Cyberattacks on companies around the world continue to increase, which cause operational failures, compromised sensitive corporate or customer data, and/or result in significant financial damages. These attacks occur over the internet, through malware, viruses or attachments to e-mails, or through inside actors with access to systems within the organization. Risk Management and Strategy As part of our overall risk management, we focus on a comprehensive approach to identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents. We deploy technical safeguards that are designed to protect our Company s information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality and access controls, which we evaluate and improve on a periodic basis. Governance Our Chief Executive officer is the sole member of our Board of Directors, and he is responsible for oversight of cybersecurity risk. Our Chief Executive Officer, along with our President and Chief Operations Officer, who are currently our only other employees, are responsible for the ongoing managing and assessing of our cybersecurity practices and reporting on such practices and risks. Should any cybersecurity threat or incident be detected, our senior management team would timely report such threat or incident to the Board of Directors and provide regular communications and updates throughout the incident and any subsequent investigation, in order that the impact, materiality, and reporting requirements of such incident are appropriately identified and assessed for further necessary or appropriate action to be taken. We believe we are appropriately staffed (as supported by IT consultants and service providers, as needed) to support a healthy cybersecurity posture given our Company s size and scope. To date, there have been no risks identified from cybersecurity threats or previous cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our Company. However, despite all of the above aforementioned efforts, a cyberattack, if it occurred, could cause system operational problems, compromise important data or systems or result in an unintended release of confidential information. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional discussion of cybersecurity risks impacting our Company. Item 2. Properties. Our corporate headquarters is in Tooele, Utah. pursuant to a one-year lease which commenced on February 1, 2024 and ending on January 31, 2025 and provides for a monthly rent of 1,200. We believe this to be sufficient to meet our needs for the foreseeable future and that any additional space we may require will be available on commercially reasonable terms. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We may from time to time be involved in routine legal matters incidental to our business; however, we are currently not involved in any litigation, nor are we aware of any threatened or impending litigation. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 34 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets (OTC Pink) under the symbol GFLT. To date, however, a minimal public trading market has developed. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Holders of Common Equity As of September 16, 2024, we had approximately 132 stockholders of record of our common stock. Dividends Our Company does not pay any cash dividends on its common stock. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Equity Compensation Plan Information Equity Compensation Plan Information As of our fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders - (1) - 1,500,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders - - - Total - 1,500,000 (1) Reflects our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan for the benefit of our directors, officers, employees and consultants. We have reserved 1,500,000 shares of common stock for such persons pursuant to that plan. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Company has sold the following securities without registering the securities under the Securities Act: Date Security May 2024 Common Stock 33,333 shares of common stock at 6.00 per share pursuant to a private offering. No underwriters were utilized, and no commissions or fees were paid with respect to the above transaction. Accredited Investors were the only offerees in connection with this transaction. We relied on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act since the transaction does not involve any public offering. Item 6. [Reserved]. 35 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements. Actual results and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to those discussed in this Item and in Item 1A - Risk Factors. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report on Form 10-K. Overview Genflat has built and patented a certified collapsible marine shipping container GenFlat Container ). The GenFlat Containers are manufactured by China International Mariner Containers CIMC in Dalian, China. Manufacturing and marketing of the containers commenced in September 2023. Commencement of Commercial Operations We commenced commercial operations in May 2024. Presently, our commercial operations consist of an equipment lease agreement to provide GenFlat Containers to one customer. The lease agreement demonstrates commercial acceptance of our GenFlat container. Our Company is also in various stages of evaluation with potential customers to lease GenFlat Containers, including shipping lines, retailers, logistics companies, and the United States military. The Company also has a non-commercial proof-of-concept agreement with a freight forwarding company in the Middle East, which commenced in August 2024. For the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, we generated revenue from our operations of 5,234 and 0, and our net losses were 1,214,383 and 875,821, respectively. Components of Results of Operations Revenue Revenue is from fees charged for rental and lease of collapsible marine shipping containers. Costs of Revenue Costs of revenue include depreciation expense on rental inventory, freight and transportation costs to move collapsible marine shipping containers. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses include all corporate and administrative functions that support our Company, including personnel-related expense; costs related to investor relations activities; professional fees; consulting and marketing and advertising-related expenses. Research and Development Costs These expenses are substantially related to our engineering, consulting and research and development activity. Other Income/Expenses, Net Other income/expenses include non-operating income and expenses, including interest income and expense. 36 Table of Contents Results of Operations For the Year ended June 30, 2024, compared to the Year ended June 30, 2023 The following discussion compares operating data for the year ended June 30, 2024, to the data for the year ended June 30, 2023: Year Ended June 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue 5,234 - 5,234 100 Cost of Goods Sold 168,540 - 168,540 100 Gross Profit (163,306 (163,306 100 Research and Development - 395,713 (395,713 100 General and administrative 1,069,424 478,081 591,343 124 Total operating expenses 1,069,424 873,794 195,630 22 Net loss from operations (1,232,730 (873,794 (358,936 41 Revenue Revenue was 5,234 for the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to 0 for 2023, an increase of 5,234, which was the result of the Company s first contract for the leasing of GenFlat Containers. Costs of Goods Sold Costs of goods sold was 168,540 for the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to 0 for 2023, an increase of 168,540. The cost of goods sold for the year ended June 30, 2024 related to 79,500 of depreciation expense of rental inventory and 89,040 transportation expenses of the Company s collapsible marine container. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses were 0 for the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to 395,713 for 2023, a decrease of 395,713, which was the result of decreased engineering, consulting and research and development activity of the Company s collapsible marine container. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024, were 1,069,424, compared to 478,081 for 2023, an increase of 591,343, which was primarily related to an increase in compensation expense, salaries, and benefits, consulting and marketing and advertising-related expenses, and other professional fees as a result of the Company increasing its operations around developing its product and raising capital, and public company reporting obligations. Cash Flows The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023: Year ended June 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows used in operating activities (2,431,119 (1,294,362 Cash flows used in investing activities - (3,713 Cash flows provided by financing activities 2,191,334 1,142,000 Net change in cash (239,785 (156,075 37 Table of Contents Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities is primarily the result of our operating losses, reduced by the impact of non-cash expenses, including non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses, and changes in the asset and liability accounts. Net used in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2024, was 2,431,119 versus net cash used in operating activities of 1,294,362 for the year ended June 30, 2023, an increase of 1,136,757. The increase in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to an increase in net loss of 356,847 and the cash outflows related to producing the Company s initial rental container inventory of 1,740,220. We expect cash used in operating activities to fluctuate significantly in future periods because of a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control, including, among others: obtaining additional lease contracts and the success we achieve in generating revenue. Investing Activities There was no cashflow from investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2024. Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2023 was 3,713. Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2023, is primarily due to the use of cash from the purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended June 30, 2024 was 2,191,334, an increase of 1,049,334 from cash provided by financing activities in 2023 of 1,142,000. The increase consisted of 2,289,300 of proceeds from the sale of common stock, 205,000 of proceeds from loans from related party, partially offset by repayments on notes payable, repayment notes payable from related party, and line of credit of 302,966. 38 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Our future expenditures and capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including: the rate at which we can lease additional GenFlat containers to new and existing customers, the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; market acceptance of our products and competing products, and the rate at which we hire employees to support operations. We expect that we will incur approximately 70,000 of expenditures per month over the next 12 months. As of June 30, 2024, we had cash of 38,971, and working capital deficit of 182,632. We believe that our existing cash will not be sufficient to fund our present operations during the next 12 months and beyond. The Company s audited annual consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which assumes that the Company will be able to meet its obligations and continue its operations for its next fiscal year. Realization values may be substantially different from carrying values as shown and these financial statements do not give effect to adjustments that would be necessary to the carrying values and classification of assets and liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. At June 30, 2024 the Company had not yet achieved consistent profitable operations and expects to incur further losses in the development of its business, all of which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management has initiated a formal sales and marketing plan including direct email campaigns, industry events, and business to business digital advertising to generate sales. The Company also intends to raise funds through an equity offering to meet the capital requirements to manufacture its products, and is currently offering of up to 1,200,000 shares at a price of 6.00 per share. However, there is no assurance of additional funding being available through these plans or other sources. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company sold a total of 564,628 shares of common stock in exchange for gross cash proceeds of 2,339,300. Of these shares, 33,333 were issued after June 30, 2024. In July 2023, GenFlat also returned 50,000 in cash to an investor who subscribed to shares during the year ended June 30, 2023. Subsequent to June 30, 2024, the Company sold a total of 23,000 shares of common stock for total proceeds of 138,000. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company sold a total of 271,198 shares of common stock in exchange for cash proceeds of 1,142,000. Capital Expenditures We do not have any contractual obligations for ongoing capital expenditures at this time. We do, however, purchase equipment necessary to conduct our operations on an as needed basis. Contractual Obligations On March 26, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note agreement with a third party for a total principal of 125,000. The Company will pay 2.5 per annum, compounded annually until the total principal is paid in full. The note has no maturity date and no default interest rate. As of June 30, 2024, the balance owed on the note was 50,500. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company entered into three promissory note agreements with a the Company s CEO, Drew Hall, for a total principal of 205,000. The Company will pay 2.5 per annum, until the total principal is paid in full. The note has no maturity date and no default interest rate. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company repaid 100,000. 39 Table of Contents On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into six separate Advisory Committee Member Agreements and agreed to the following compensation in each agreement. a. Cash Compensation . 5,000 annually, payable on June 30th of each year of service. b. Equity Compensation . Subject to Board approval, in respect of calendar year 2024, stock options for 100,000 shares of Company stock. The stock options vest as follows: 1) Fifty thousand (50,000) options upon execution of the Advisory Committee Member Agreements; 2) Twenty-five thousand (25,000) options on the first anniversary, and 3) Twenty-five thousand (25,000) options on the second anniversary, in all cases subject to continued service as of such vesting dates. Vested stock options must be exercised within ten (10) years of the vesting date. The exercise price of the options will be the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. The Company maintains an operating lease for its office space with the Company s CEO, Drew Hall. The lease has a remaining term of 7 months and a monthly payment of 1,200. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The Company considers its critical accounting policies and estimates to be as follows: Revenue Recognition The Company is principally engaged in the business of renting collapsible marine shipping containers. The Company s rental transactions are accounted for under ASC Topic 842, Leases, ("Topic 842"). Our revenue includes revenue generated from renting equipment to customers and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the length of the rental contract. As part of this straight-line methodology, when the equipment is returned, the Company recognizes as incremental revenue the excess, if any, between the amount the customer is contractually required to pay, which is based on the rental contract period applicable to the actual number of days the equipment was out on rent, over the cumulative amount of revenue recognized to date. In any given accounting period, the Company will have customers return equipment and be contractually required to pay more than the cumulative amount of revenue recognized to date under the straight-line methodology. Provisions for discounts, rebates to customers and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related revenue is recorded. The Company s sale of rental and new equipment, parts and supplies to customers are recognized under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ("Topic 606"). The Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for such products or services. 40 Table of Contents Rental Inventory Rental inventory consists of collapsible marine shipping containers. Rental inventory is stated at cost, net of related discounts, with an estimated useful life of 10 years. Generally, when rental equipment is acquired, the Company estimates the period that it will hold the asset, primarily based on historical measures of the amount of rental activity (e.g. equipment usage) and the targeted age of equipment at the time of disposal. The Company also estimates the residual value of the applicable rental equipment at the expected time of disposal. The residual value for rental equipment is affected by factors which include equipment age and amount of usage. Depreciation is recorded over the estimated holding period. Depreciation rates are reviewed on a quarterly basis based on management's ongoing assessment of present and estimated future market conditions, their effect on residual values at the time of disposal and the estimated holding periods. Market conditions for used equipment sales can also be affected by external factors such as the economy, natural disasters, fuel prices, supply of similar used equipment, the market price for similar new equipment and incentives offered by manufacturers of new equipment. These key factors are considered when estimating future residual values and assessing depreciation rates. As a result of this ongoing assessment, the Company makes periodic adjustments to depreciation rates of rental equipment in response to changed market conditions. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable is carried at their estimated collectible amounts. Accounts receivable is periodically evaluated for collectability based on past credit history with customers and their current financial condition. We had an allowance of 0 at June 30, 2024, and 2023. Long-lived Assets The Company amortizes acquired definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. Other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but subject to annual impairment tests. In accordance with ASC 360 Property Plant and Equipment, the Company reviews the carrying value of intangibles subject to amortization and long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the property, if any, exceeds its fair market value. Leases We account for our leases under ASC 842 - Leases . We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, current portion of obligations under operating leases, and obligations under operating leases, non-current on our balance sheets. Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date, adjusted by the deferred rent liabilities at the adoption date. Short-term leases of one year or less are not recognized as ROU assets and liabilities. If our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Our terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Recent Accounting Pronouncements From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB that are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. There are no other recently issued accounting pronouncements that we have yet to adopt that are expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 41 Table of Contents JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition periods available to emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies provided under the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we intend to rely on certain of these exemptions, including without limitation, (i) providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion and analysis. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of this offering; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We are not required to provide the information required by this Item as we are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 42 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (formerly Healthcare Business Resources, Inc.) Index to Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 43 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years in the two-year period, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has yet to achieve profitable operations, has negative cash flows from operating activities, and is dependent upon future issuances of equity or other financings to fund ongoing operations all of which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audits Matter The critical audits matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audits of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audits committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audits matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audits matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audits matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Going Concern As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company had a going concern due to a working capital deficiency, and stockholders deficiency. Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgment. To evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information that was the initial cause along with management s plans to mitigate the going concern and management s disclosure of going concern. /s/ M K CPAS, PLLC PCAOB ID: We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024 September 30, 2024 F-1 Table of Contents GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (formerly Healthcare Business Resources, Inc.) Consolidated Balance Sheets June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 Assets Current Assets: Cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use asset, operating lease Intangible assets, net Rental inventory, net Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Notes payable related party Related party advances Right of use liability, operating lease, current Total current liabilities Notes payable Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' Equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Subscription payable Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders' equity attributable to GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (formerly Healthcare Business Resources, Inc.) Consolidated Statements of Operations Year Ended June 30, 2024 Year Ended June 30, 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense): Interest expense Other income Total other income (expense) Net loss Noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Loss per share basic and diluted attributable to GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Loss per share - basic and diluted attributable to noncontrolling interest. Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (formerly Healthcare Business Resources, Inc.) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity For the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Paid In Stock Accumulated Noncontrolling Shares Amount Capital Payable Deficit Total Interest Total Balance, June 30, 2022 Recapitalization Common stock sold for cash Net loss Balance, June 30, 2023 Common stock sold for cash Recapitalization Issuance of common stock for reverse stock split Reclassification of noncontrolling interest Net Loss Balance, June 30, 2024 See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (formerly Healthcare Business Resources, Inc.) For the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Rental inventory depreciation expense Amortization of right of use assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Rental inventory Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Right of use liabilities Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capitalized patent costs Purchases of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repayment on notes payable Repayment of line of credit Repayment of notes payable related party Proceeds from notes payable related party Proceeds from sale of common stock Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash, at beginning of period Cash, at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes See accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (formerly Healthcare Business Resources, Inc.) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements For the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 of the outstanding shares of common stock of GenFlat, Inc. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, all GenFlat, Inc. shareholders who are parties to the Share Exchange Agreement will receive ninety eight percent (98 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for their shares of GenFlat, Inc. common stock on a pro rata basis. The Share Exchange Agreement closed on December 20, 2023. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, and on the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, at the closing, the Company acquired 97.22 of the outstanding shares of common stock of GenFlat, Inc. from GenFlat, Inc. stockholders who were a party to the Share Exchange Agreement in exchange for shares of common stock of the Company. Additionally, shares of outstanding Company common stock were canceled, resulting in shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the closing date. As a result of the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company discontinued all aspects of its health care consulting business, and the Company is now focused on developing the GenFlat business plan. GenFlat is a start-up company that developed a more sustainable collapsible marine container, replacing traditional standard marine containers. GenFlat operates as a container sales and leasing company and supplies GenFlat s patented marine container primarily to shipping line customers under a variety of short and long-term lease structures. In accordance with reverse acquisition accounting treatment, the historical financial statements of GenFlat, Inc. as of period ends, and for periods ended, prior to the acquisition became the historical financial statements of the Company in all future filings with the SEC, and the Company s fiscal year end became June 30. All prior period information presented within this filing is of GenFlat, Inc. historical operations. The Company changed its name from Healthcare Business Resources Inc. to GenFlat Holdings, Inc. to better reflect its new business operations. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to GenFlat Company , we , our or us and other similar terms means GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (formerly Healthcare Business Resources Inc.), and its subsidiaries. Liquidity and Going Concern These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which assumes that the Company will be able to meet its obligations and continue its operations for its next fiscal year. Realization values may be substantially different from carrying values as shown and these financial statements do not give effect to adjustments that would be necessary to the carrying values and classification of assets and liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. At June 30, 2024 the Company had not yet achieved consistent profitable operations and expects to incur further losses in the development of its business, all of which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management has initiated a formal sales and marketing plan including direct email campaigns, industry events, and business to business digital advertising to generate sales. The Company also intends to raise funds through an equity offering to meet the capital requirements to manufacturer its products. However, there is no assurance of additional funding being available through these plans or other sources. F-6 Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Rental Inventory years. Generally, when rental equipment is acquired, the Company estimates the period that it will hold the asset, primarily based on historical measures of the amount of rental activity (e.g. equipment usage) and the targeted age of equipment at the time of disposal. The Company also estimates the residual value of the applicable rental equipment at the expected time of disposal. The residual value for rental equipment is affected by factors which include equipment age and amount of usage. Depreciation is recorded over the estimated holding period. Depreciation rates are reviewed on a quarterly basis based on management's ongoing assessment of present and estimated future market conditions, their effect on residual values at the time of disposal and the estimated holding periods. Market conditions for used equipment sales can also be affected by external factors such as the economy, natural disasters, fuel prices, supply of similar used equipment, the market price for similar new equipment and incentives offered by manufacturers of new equipment. These key factors are considered when estimating future residual values and assessing depreciation rates. As a result of this ongoing assessment, the Company makes periodic adjustments to depreciation rates of rental equipment in response to changed market conditions. Long-Lived Assets F-7 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share Income Taxes F-8 Table of Contents Stock-Based Compensation F-9 Table of Contents Leases Recent Accounting Pronouncements . The Company paid in cash and issued a note payable for the transaction. The patents acquired are recognized as a long-lived intangible asset and are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The following table represents the balances of intangible assets as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023: years Accumulated Amortization Net Intangible During the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the Company recognized amortization expense of and respectively, on the intangible assets. F-10 Table of Contents years Actuators years Accumulated Depreciation Rental Inventory, net Depreciation on rental inventory of and was recognized during the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively and is included in costs of goods sold on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. . The lease has a remaining term of months. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at commencement to determine the present value of the lease payments. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less short-term leases are not recorded on the balance sheet and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The amount of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were and as of June 30, 2024 and and , respectively as of June 30, 2023. Aggregate lease expense for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023 was and , respectively. 2026 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liability . The secured convertible note matures on July 1, 2023 and bears interest at per annum. The convertible note is secured by shares of the Company s common stock held by the Company s CEO. In the event of an event of default on the note, at the option of the holder, the note can be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price of per share. On July 12, 2023, the Company amended the secured convertible note of issued on July 1, 2022. The amended secured convertible note was increased to and is due on January 1, 2024. Following the Share Exchange, the Company repaid and extinguished the secured convertible note and accrued interest in full as of June 30, 2024. Note Payable On March 26, 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note agreement with a third party for a total principal of . The Company will pay per annum, compounded annually until the total principal is paid in full. The note has no maturity date and no default interest rate. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company repaid . As of June 30, 2024, and June 30, 2023, the balance owed on the note was and , respectively. Accrued interest on the note was and as of June 30, 2024, and June 30, 2023, respectively. F-11 Table of Contents . The Company will pay per annum, until the total principal is paid in full. The note has no maturity date and no default interest rate. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company repaid . As of June 30, 2024, the balance owed on the note was . Accrued interest on the note was as of June 30, 2024. . The Amendment was filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware and became effective on October 16, 2023. Effective May 17, 2024, the Company effected a reverse split of its common stock at a ratio of . The Reverse Split is presented retroactively in these consolidated financial statements. During the year ended June 30, 2024, prior to closing of the Share Exchange, GenFlat sold a total of shares of its common stock in exchange for net cash proceeds of . Of these shares, were issued after June 30, 2024. GenFlat also returned in cash to an investor who subscribed to shares during the year ended June 30, 2023. On October 18, 2023, the Company entered into the Share Exchange Agreement with GenFlat and GenFlat shareholders who owned of the outstanding shares of common stock of GenFlat. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, all GenFlat shareholders who were parties to the Share Exchange Agreement received shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for their shares of GenFlat common stock on a pro rata basis. The Share Exchange Agreement closed on December 20, 2023. Additionally, shares of outstanding Company common stock were canceled, resulting in shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date. The Share Exchange was accounted for as a reverse acquisition under ASC 805 due to the change in voting control of the legal acquirer. GenFlat was determined to be the accounting acquirer. As a result of the transaction, the Company has presented the historical operations of GenFlat prior to the merger in its consolidated financial statements. The balance sheet of HBR at the date of the Share Exchange Agreement consisted of the following: Accrued interest Senior Secured Convertible Credit line Total liabilities assumed Subsequent to the closing of the Share Exchange, the Company repaid the Senior Secured Convertible Credit Line and accrued interest in full. As a result of the Share Exchange, the Company recognized a noncontrolling interest related to the portion of GenFlat equity held by a shareholder not party to the Share Exchange agreement, representing of outstanding GenFlat shares prior to the merger. Incentive Stock Options Pursuant to the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, no more than shares of Common Stock shall be available for the grant of Awards under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. During the terms of the Awards, the Company shall keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy such Awards. Shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Equity Plan is 1,500,000. F-12 Table of Contents Granted - Exercised - Cancelled and expired Forfeited and expired Outstanding at June 30, 2024 - As of June 30, 2024, there were no stock options exercisable. Stock Warrants The following table summarizes the stock warrant activity for the year ended June 30, 2024: Granted - Exercised - Forfeited and expired Outstanding at June 30, 2024 - As of June 30, 2024, there were no stock warrants exercisable. in advances to the Company s CEO. These advances were repaid in full by the Company in August 2024. The Company s Chief Operating Officer is a family member of the CEO and receives an annual salary of . In May 2022, Collapsible Revolution, LLC entered into a consulting agreement with an advisor for consulting services related to public market listing of the Company. . The Company also agreed to issue of the outstanding common shares of the Company to the consultant. The consultant formed GenFlat, Inc. in July 2022, and was its sole officer and Director until the closing of a reverse merger. The consultant held shares of common stock of the Company that were issued at par value upon formation of GenFlat. At the time of the reverse merger, the consultant resigned as a Director and Officer, and amended the consulting agreement to remove the equity consideration described above. The consultant was paid as a transaction fee as a result of the Share Exchange between GenFlat and the Company. This consultant was also a shareholder of the Company, and the holder of the Senior Secured Line of Credit. F-13 Table of Contents months. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at commencement to determine the present value of the lease payments. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less short-term leases are not recorded on the balance sheet and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. See Note 5. No member of management has benefited from the transactions with related parties. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company entered into three promissory note agreements with the Company s Chairman and CEO Drew Hall for an aggregate principal amount of . The Company will pay per annum, until the total principal is paid in full. The note has no maturity date and no default interest rate. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company repaid . As of June 30, 2024, the balance owed on the notes was . Accrued interest on the notes was as of June 30, 2024. . The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense as reported is as follows: The effective income tax rate for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: Change in valuation allowance Net effective income tax rate Our reconciliation between the expected federal income tax benefit computed by applying the federal statutory rate to our net loss and the actual benefit for taxes on net loss for 2024 and 2023 is as follows: Less: Valuation allowance Income tax benefit The Company has current net operating loss carryforwards of approximately as of June 30, 2024, to offset future taxable income, which expire beginning 2030. The components of the Company s deferred tax asset are as follows: June 30, 2024 2023 Deferred tax assets: Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets Based on the available objective evidence, including the Company s history of its loss, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In accordance with FASB ASC 740, the Company has evaluated its tax positions and determined there are no uncertain tax positions. F-14 Table of Contents annually, payable on June 30th of each year of service. c. a. Equity Compensation . Subject to Board approval, . The exercise price of the options will be the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. in advances to the Company s CEO. This balance was repaid in August 2024. Subsequent to June 30, 2024, the Company sold a total of shares of common stock for total proceeds of . The Company also issued shares of common stock related to subscriptions received during the year ended June 30, 2024. F-15 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our chief executive officer, who serves as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost- benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024, our principal executive officer/principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which is identified below, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 44 Table of Contents Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework- 2013. Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that the following are material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. To the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. A material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard 1305) or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. In light of the material weakness described above, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our Company to provide only management s attestation in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . No change in our Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. During the three months ended June 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not Applicable 45 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information about our Executive Officer and Directors The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each director and executive officer of the Company:. Name Age Title Held Position Since Drew D. Hall 75 Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, Director December 20, 2023 Joseph J. Maggio 66 President December 20, 2023 Garrett R. Hall 45 Chief Operations Officer December 20, 2023 The following information sets forth the backgrounds and business experience of the director and executive officers of the Company. Drew D. Hall . Mr. Hall has been serving as GenFlat Holdings, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, and sole Director since December 20, 2023. Additionally, Mr. Hall is GenFlat, Inc. s (and/or its subsidiaries) co-founder and has been serving as its Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer since January 2018 to present where he has managed operations and finances. Since 2019, Mr. Hall has served as Managing Member of Collapsible Revolution, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of GenFlat, Inc. Since 1994 to present, Mr Hall has served as Managing Partner of Tooele Associates, LP, responsible for all real estate development since 1994. Tooele Associates, LP owns property in Tooele City, UT. Mr. Hall is Managing Member of Bakken Development, LLC, Beach Railport, LLC and Beach Inn, LLC, land holding companies since 2012. He oversees all leasing and financing for those entities. Mr. Hall is Managing Member of Jack s Market, LLC, leasing commercial real estate since 1997 in charge of all leasing and financing of Jack s Market, LLC. Mr. Hall has been retained by the Utah Department of Transportation and The Salt Airport Authority as a land development expert in land condemnation litigation since 2022. Since 1999 Mr. Hall, as Managing Member of Overlake Golf, LLC, has been responsible for all aspects of supervising the operation of the Links at Overlake Golf Course located in Tooele, UT. Mr. Hall received his B.S. degree in Accounting from Brigham Young University in 1975. Mr. Hall was a practicing CPA from 1976 thru 1994 and is a life time member of the American Society of Certified Accountants. Mr. Hall has served on the University of Utah Crimson Club Board of Directors since 2012 and served as its President from July 2019 thru June 2023. Mr. Halls qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his years practicing as a CPA, his knowledge managing various businesses and his leadership of our Company. Joseph J. Maggio . Mr. Maggio has been serving as GenFlat Holdings, Inc. s President since December 20, 2023. Additionally, Mr. Maggio has been President of GenFlat, Inc. since 2022. From 2021 to present, Mr. Maggio has been serving as National Sales Manager with Lanter Delivery Systems, a national overnight, unattended delivery solution company where he is responsible for business development and logistics operations, including ocean freight, trucking, warehousing, drayage, container yard operations, documentation, contracting and administration services. From 2018 to 2021, Mr. Maggio served as Director of Sales with NFI, a leading provider of North American supply chain solutions, where he was responsible for growing NFI s book of business in both contract logistics and supply chain services (warehousing, truck and rail services). Mr. Maggio received his Bachelor of Science degree (Business Administration) from California State University Long Beach in 1979. Garrett Hall . Mr. Hall has been serving as GenFlat, Inc. s Chief Operations Officer since December 20, 2023. Additionally, Mr. Hall has been serving as GenFlat, Inc. s (and/or its subsidiaries) Chief Operations Officer since December 2021 to present where he has provided strategic and advisory expertise to GenFlat in the form of developing and implementing its go-to-market strategy, supporting its sales team, and establishing channel partnerships. From April 2019 to 2023, Mr. Hall served as Co-Founder/Chief Operations Officer at CSQ Index, a market research publication firm serving cannabis and hemp supply chain vendors where he managed operations, conducted customer satisfaction research on supply chain vendors, consulted on customer experience and retention matters, managed research, methodology, vendor relations, government relations, and grower outreach, managed consulting services to ensure vendors received proper feedback on how to improve their products and services, and lead the sales team and tracked all sales goals and opportunities. Mr. Hall received his B.A. In English from Brigham Young University in 2006 and his Juris Doctor Degree Case Western Reserve University School of Law in 2009. 46 Table of Contents Significant Employees We have no significant employees other than the officers and director described above. Family Relationships Drew D. Hall is Garrett Hall s father. There are no other family relationships among our current officers or directors. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to our Company during its most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to our Company with respect to its most recent fiscal year, and any written representation referred to in paragraph (b)(1) of Item 405 of Regulation S-K, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. Code of Ethics Our Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of the Company s employees, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is attached as Exhibit 14.1 to this Form 10-K and is available for review on our Company s website www.genflat.com. The Company intends to disclose any changes in or waivers from its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on its website. Changes to Director Nomination Procedures None. Term of office The term of office of each director of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of the Company s stockholders or when such director s successor is elected and qualifies. Each executive officer serves at the discretion of our board of directors and holds office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers have been involved in any of the proceedings described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. To the best of our knowledge, there is no material proceeding to which any director or executive officer, affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or any associate of such director, nominated director, officer, affiliate of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 47 Table of Contents Director Independence Although we do not currently trade on the NASDAQ or any other trading medium, our board of directors has reviewed each of our former and current directors relationships with the Company in conjunction with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) that provides that an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that Drew D. Hall, our sole director is not an independent director that is independent of management or free of any relationship that would interfere with his independent judgment as a member of our board of directors. The following former members of our board of directors, Stephen Epstein (resigned December 20, 2023) and Howard T. Wall, III (resigned December 20, 2023) are/were not independent directors pursuant to the standards described above. Audit Committee Our Company does not have a separately designated standing audit committee in place; our Company s entire board of directors has served, and currently serves, in that capacity. This is due to our development stage and small executive management team. Our board of directors will continue to evaluate, from time to time, whether a separately designated standing audit committee should be put in place. We do not have an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We currently have nominal revenues and our Company does not carry a sufficient amount of directors and officer s insurance, which makes it difficult for us to find candidates willing to serve on our board of directors, especially independent directors to sit on an audit committee. If we are able to generate sufficient revenues in the future, then we will likely obtain a sufficient amount of directors and officer s insurance, retain independent directors and form a separately designated standing audit committee and other applicable committees. Drew D. Hall, our sole director is not independent within the meaning of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules for Audit Committee purposes. Nominating Committee We do not presently have a separately designated standing nominating committee. This is due to our development stage and smaller sized board of directors. We do not have a nominating committee charter. Instead of having such a committee, our board of directors historically has searched for and evaluated qualified individuals to become nominees for membership on our board of directors. The directors recommend candidates for nomination for election or reelection for each annual meeting of stockholders and, as necessary, to fill vacancies and newly created directorships. Insider Trading Policies And Procedures Our Company has not adopted any insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the registrant's securities by directors, officers and employees, or the Company itself, that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to the Company. This is due to our development stage and small executive management team and one person Board of Directors, and the absence of any other additional employees. 48 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation. The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Named Executive Officers for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) Drew D. Hall 1 2024 180,000 180,000 CEO/CFO, Director 2023 180,000 180,000 Stephen Epstein (1) 2024 CEO/CFO/Pres, Director 2023 Joseph J. Maggio 2024 25,000 25,000 President 2023 150,000 150,000 Garrett R. Hall 2024 150,000 150,000 COO 2023 150,000 150,000 1. Stephen Epstein resigned as GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer and sole named executive officer on December 20, 2023. No compensation was awarded to, earned by, or paid to Mr. Epstein as an executive officer during the last two fiscal years. Employee, Severance, Separation and Change in Control Agreements Drew Hall Employment Agreement. On December 20, 2023, GenFlat entered into a written employment agreement with Mr. Hall as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer providing for an annual salary of 180,000 per year, which is paid in regular installments in accordance with GenFlat s general payroll practices. The Board may suspend the obligation to pay Mr. Hall for periods of time in order to meet other cash flow demands. Mr. Hall is also eligible to participate in GenFlat s standard employee benefit programs, when available, for which executives of GenFlat are generally eligible, including, insurance and health benefits, GenFlat s 401(k) plan, equity compensation plan and bonuses under any bonus plan program that may be established by our Board of Directors. Mr. Hall also serves as a member of our Board for no additional compensation. Joe Maggio Employment Agreement. On December 20, 2023, GenFlat entered into a written employment agreement with Mr. Maggio as President providing for an annual salary of 150,000 per year, which is paid in regular installments in accordance with GenFlat s general payroll practices. The Board may suspend the obligation to pay Mr. Maggio for periods of time in order to meet other cash flow demands. Mr. Maggio is also eligible to participate in GenFlat s standard employee benefit programs, when available, for which executives of GenFlat are generally eligible, including, insurance and health benefits, GenFlat s 401(k) plan, equity compensation plan and bonuses under any bonus plan program that may be established by our Board of Directors. On June 26, 2023, pursuant to the terms of Mr. Maggio s employment agreement, the Company suspended the compensation component of Mr. Maggio s employment agreement in order to meet other cash flow demands. Mr. Maggio continues to serve as our President. 49 Table of Contents Garret Hall Employment Agreement On December 20, 2023, GenFlat entered into a written employment agreement with Mr. Hall as Chief Operating Officer providing for an annual salary of 150,000 per year, which is paid in regular installments in accordance with GenFlat s general payroll practices. The Board may suspend the obligation to pay Mr. Hall for periods of time in order to meet other cash flow demands. Mr. Hall is also eligible to participate in GenFlat s standard employee benefit programs, when available, for which executives of GenFlat are generally eligible, including, insurance and health benefits, GenFlat s 401(k) plan, equity compensation plan and bonuses under any bonus plan program that may be established by our Board of Directors. Change in Control Benefits If, prior to the expiration of the Employment Period and within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, any of the above-named officers Officer is subject to an Involuntary Termination (as defined in their Employment Agreement), then GenFlat will pay Change in Control Severance Benefits to such officer, which will consist of (i) a payment (less applicable withholdings and deductions) equivalent to 18 months of the officer s base salary (as in effect immediately prior to (a) the Change in Control, or (b) the date of the termination of Officer s employment, whichever is greater), payable as a single lump sum within 74 days of Officer s termination of employment; (ii) the greater of 150 of the Officer s (i) Target Bonus or (ii) most recent actual bonus payout payable as a single lump sum within 74 days of the termination of Officer s employment; (iii) taxable cash payments paid each calendar month for 18 months in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium at the time of Officer s termination for the health dental and vision benefits that Officer and Officer s eligible dependents had in effect under the Company s welfare plans immediately prior to Officer s termination (the COBRA Payment and (iv) Acceleration of vesting of one hundred percent (100 of Officer s unvested equity award compensation under any equity incentive plan maintained by Company, to the extent permitted by such plan and by applicable laws. Involuntary Termination No Change in Control . If, prior to the expiration of the Employment Period, no Change in Control has occurred in the preceding twelve (12) months and Officer is subject to an Involuntary Termination (as defined in their Employment Agreement), then the Company will pay Severance Benefits to Officer. The Severance Benefits will consist of: (i) a payment (less applicable withholdings and deductions) equivalent to 12 months of Officer s base salary as in effect immediately prior to the date of Officer s termination of employment, payable as a single lump sum within 74 days of the termination of Officer s employment; (ii) the pro-rated amount of the bonus the Officer would have received had the Officer remained employed through the calendar year, to be determined at the Company s sole discretion based on the Officer s performance and payable as a single lump sum within 74 days of Officer s termination of employment; and (iii) taxable cash payments paid each calendar month for 12 months in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium at the time of Officer s termination for the health dental and vision benefits that Officer and Officer s eligible dependents had in effect under the Company s welfare plans immediately prior to Officer s termination (also, the COBRA Payment ). Pension, retirement or similar benefit plans There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to the officer or director or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Stock Option Grants None. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End None. Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change In Control See Employee, Severance, Separation and Change in Control Agreements above. Director Compensation Presently, Drew Hall, our sole director, receives no additional compensation for serving as a director. 50 Table of Contents Indemnification Our certificate of incorporation provides that no director shall be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to Our Risk Management No risks arise from our Company s compensation policies and practices for our employees that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company. Policies and Practices on the Timing of Awards of Options See Insider Trading Policies And Procedures above. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of September 25, 2024, the names, addresses, amount and nature of beneficial ownership and percent of such ownership of (i) each person or group known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our common stock; and (ii) each of our officers and directors, and officers and directors as a group: Shares Beneficially Owned Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)(2) Number Percent (3)(4) 5 Stockholders Roy Hearrean 1,048,037 9.88 Elda Hearrean 1,048,037 9.88 Contained Resources, LLC(5) 2,115,942 19.95 Charles G. Peterson Living Trust Dated May 25, 2010(6) 993,400 9.37 Meraki Partners LLC (7) 1,011,300 9.54 Directors and Executive Officers Drew D. Hall, Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, Director(8) 2,225,215 20.98 Joseph J. Maggio, President 596,040 5.62 Garrett R. Hall, Chief Operations Officer -- All executive officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 2,821,255 26.60 (1) Calculated based upon the outstanding shares of the Company as of September 25, 2024. Such holders have the sole voting and investment power with respect to the voting securities beneficially owned by them, unless otherwise indicated herein. Includes the person s right to obtain additional shares of common stock within 60 days of as of the Closing Date. (2) In care of the Company at 1983 N. Berra Blvd., Tooele, Utah 84074. (3) Based on 10,604,524 shares of common stock outstanding. (4) If a person listed on this table has the right to obtain additional shares of common stock within 60 days from as of the Closing Date, the additional shares are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of class owned by such person, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of any other person. (5) Alex Bellehumeur and Linda Bellehumeur are Managing Members of Contained Resources, LLC and each has voting and investment power over these securities. (6) Charles G Peterson is the Trustee of the Charles G. Peterson Living Trust Dated May 25, 2010 and has sole voting and investment power over these securities. (7) Joel Arberman is the Managing Member of Meraki Partners, LLC and has sole voting and investment power over these securities. (8) Includes 99,340 shares of common stock owned by Drew Hall and Theresa Hall and 2,125,876 shares of common stock owned by FEU Collapse, LLC. Drew Hall is the Managing Member of FEU Collapse, LLC and has sole voting and investment power over these securities. Change in Control Arrangements We are not aware of any arrangements that could result in a change of control. Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Please see Equity Compensation Plan Information information above. 51 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related Persons As of June 30, 2024, and June 30, 2023, GenFlat owed 8,731 in advances to Drew Hall, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. These advances were repaid by the Company in full in August 2024. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company entered into three promissory note agreements with the Company s Chairman and CEO Drew Hall for an aggregate principal amount of 205,000. The Company will pay 2.5 per annum, until the total principal is paid in full. The note has no maturity date and no default interest rate. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company repaid 100,000. As of June 30, 2024, the balance owed on the notes was 105,000. Accrued interest on the notes was 260 as of June 30, 2024. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company s outstanding note receivable from PointClear Solutions, Inc. in the approximate amount of 98,438 (as of the Closing Date) was assigned to Stephen Epstein, our former Chief Executive Officer, in consideration of (i) his resignation from any and all Company positions, including, but not limited to, CEO and member of the board of directors on the Closing Date, and (ii) his delivery to the Company of 110,000 shares of Company common stock held in his name, all of which were cancelled on the Closing Date. Policies and Procedures for Related-Party Transactions Our Company does not have any formal written policies or procedures for related party transactions, however in practice, our board of directors reviews and approves all related party transactions and other matters pertaining to the integrity of management, including potential conflicts of interest and adherence to standards of business conduct. We have no independent directors on our board of directors. Director Independence Although we are currently traded on the Over-the-Counter Markets, our Board has reviewed each of the Directors relationships with the Company in conjunction with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) that provides that an independent director is a person other than an Executive Officer or employee of our Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that Drew D. Hall, our sole director is not an independent director that is independent of management or free of any relationship that would interfere with his independent judgment as a member of our board of directors. The following former members of our board of directors, Stephen Epstein (resigned December 20, 2023), Howard T. Wall, III (resigned December 20, 2023), and Kenneth Hawkins (retired July 18, 2022) are/were not independent directors pursuant to the standards described above. 52 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The following table represents aggregate fees billed to the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 by the Company s independent registered public accounting firms. M K CPAS, PLLC M K has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since January 29, 2024. BF Borgers CPA PC BF Borgers was our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. See Change in Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm below. The aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 included 17,000 from M K and 27,500 from BF Borgers: 2024 2023 Audit Fees 44,500 25,000 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 44,500 25,000 Audit Fees are the aggregate fees billed during the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 for professional services rendered by the Company s independent registered public accounting firms for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-Related Fees are the aggregate fees billed during the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 for assurance and related services rendered by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported under the category Audit Fees described above. Tax Fees are the aggregate fees billed during the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 for tax compliance services rendered by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. All Other Fees are the aggregate fees billed during the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 for products and services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, other than the services reported in the Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, and Tax Fees categories above. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies. All the services performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firms that are described above were pre-approved by the Company s Audit Committee. The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services on a case-by-case basis. None of the hours expended on the Company s independent registered public accounting firms engagement to audit the Company s financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, were attributed to work performed by persons other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm s full-time, permanent employees. Change in Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm As previously reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed on February 2, 2024: Termination of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm On January 29, 2024, the Company dismissed B F Borgers as its independent registered public accounting firm. The Company s Board of Directors unanimously approved the decision to dismiss BF Borgers. BF Borgers reports on the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they modified or qualified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles except that BF Borgers reports on the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 contained the following paragraph: 53 Table of Contents The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There have been no disagreements (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K) and no reportable event occurred (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 and the subsequent interim period up to and including the date of BF Borgers dismissal between the Company and BF Borgers on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of BF Borgers, would have caused them to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with their report on the Company s financial statements for those periods. The Company provided BF Borgers s with a copy of the disclosures it is making in this Form 8-K and requested that BF Borgers furnish a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made herein and, if not, stating the respects in which it does not agree. A copy of such letter is filed as Exhibit 16.1 to this Form 8-K. Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm On January 29, 2024, the Company appointed M K as its new independent registered public accounting firm commencing for its quarter ending December 31, 2023, and its fiscal year ending June 30, 2024. The Company s Board of Directors unanimously approved the engagement of M K. During the Company s two most recent fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the subsequent interim period up to and including the date of BF Borgers dismissal, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted with M K regarding any matter that would require disclosure under Item 304(a)(2) of Regulation S-K. 54 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed or furnished as part of this Form 10-K: 1. Financial Statements. Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II hereof. 2. Financial Statement Schedules. The Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted either because they are not required or because the information has been included in the financial statements or the notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) The following exhibits are filed as part of this report. Exhibit Index SEC Reference Number Title of Document Location 2.1 Share Exchange Agreement dated October 18, 2023 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 10/23/2023 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation Incorporated by reference to Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on 06/08/2020 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 10/17/2023 3.3 Second Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 10-Q filed on 05/15/2024 3.4 Bylaws Incorporated by reference to Company s Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on 09/22/2020 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities Filed Herewith 10.1 Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Filed Herewith 10.2 Consulting Agreement - Meraki Partners LLC dated 5/20/2022, as amended on10/31/2022 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 12/27/2023 10.3 Employment Agreement - Drew D. Hall dated 12/20/2023 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 12/27/2023 10.4 Employment Agreement - Garrett R. Hall dated 12/20/2023 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 12/27/2023 10.5 Employment Agreement - Joseph J. Maggio dated 12/20/2023 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 12/27/2023 10.6 Collapsable Container and Actuator Agreement with China International Marine Containers dated 7/6/2018 (included in Exhibit 10.7) Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 12/27/2023 55 Table of Contents 10.7 Assignment of Collapsable Container and Actuator Agreement to Collapsible Revolution, LLC . dated 5/31/2021 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 12/27/2023 10.8 Consulting Agreement - Alex Bellehumeur dated 01/05/2024 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 01/19/2024 10.9 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers Filed Herewith 10.10 Form of Advisory Board Agreement Filed Herewith 10.10 Promissory Note -July 1, 2022 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 07/6/2022 10.11 Amendment to Promissory Note July 12, 2023 Incorporated by reference to Company s Form 8-K filed on 07/14/2023 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Filed Herewith 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Filed Herewith 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Executive Officer of the Company Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Executive Officer of the Company Filed Herewith 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Financial Officer of the Company Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Financial Officer of the Company Filed Herewith 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company Furnished 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company Furnished 101 XBRL data files of Financial Statements and Notes contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File Management contract or compensatory plan arrangement (c) None. Item 16. 10-K Summary None. 56 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. GenFlat Holdings, Inc., Registrant Date: September 30, 2024 By: /s/ Drew D. Hall Drew D. Hall Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date: September 30, 2024 /s/ Drew D. Hall Drew D. Hall Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Director 57 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 hbr_ex41.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITES
 
 hbr_ex41.htm EXHIBIT 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (the Company or we or our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the common stock ). The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the certificate of incorporation or charter and our Bylaws (the bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation, as amended, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. Authorized Share Capital. The Company s authorized capital stock consists of 25,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. Voting . Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Dividend Rights . Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for this purpose. Liquidation Preferences . In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive on a proportional basis any assets remaining available for distribution after payment of our liabilities. Other Terms . Holders of common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of the common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Anti-Takeover Provisions Certain of our charter, statutory and contractual provisions could make the removal of our management and directors more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing provisions, as well as the significant common stock beneficially owned by our executive officers, and certain members of our board of directors, could lower the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our Company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 1 Charter and Bylaw Provisions Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain the following provisions that may have the effect of discouraging unsolicited acquisition proposals: prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; empower our board of directors to fill any vacancy on our board of directors, whether such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws; and provide that our directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors. These provisions could lower the price that future investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock. Delaware Law Section 203 of the DGCL is applicable to takeovers of certain Delaware corporations, including us. Subject to exceptions enumerated in Section 203, Section 203 provides that a corporation shall not engage in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the date that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder unless: prior to that date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, though some shares may be excluded from the calculation; or on or subsequent to that date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and by the affirmative votes of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. Except as specified in Section 203, an interested stockholder is generally defined to include any person who, together with any affiliates or associates of that person, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, any time within three years immediately prior to the relevant date. Under certain circumstances, Section 203 makes it more difficult for an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period, although the stockholders may elect not to be governed by this section, by adopting an amendment to the certificate of incorporation or bylaws, effective 12 months after adoption. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not opt out from the restrictions imposed under Section 203. We anticipate that the provisions of Section 203 may encourage companies interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with the board because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if a majority of the directors then in office excluding an interested stockholder approve either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control, which could depress the market price of our common stock and deprive stockholders of opportunities to realize a premium on shares of common stock held by them. 2 Contractual Provisions Our employee stock option agreements may include change-in-control provisions that allow us to grant options or stock purchase rights that may become vested immediately upon a change in control. The terms of change of control provisions contained in certain of our senior executive employee agreements may also discourage a change in control of our Company. Our board of directors also has the power to adopt a stockholder rights plan that could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company even if the change in control is generally beneficial to our stockholders. These plans, sometimes called poison pills, are oftentimes criticized by institutional investors or their advisors and could affect our rating by such investors or advisors. If our board of directors adopts such a plan, it might have the effect of reducing the price that new investors are willing to pay for shares of our common stock. Exclusive Forum Provision Our bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our Company; any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company's stockholders; any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these by-laws; or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; in each case, subject to said court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 7.06 of our Bylaws is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 7.06 of our Bylaws (an Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section. 3 The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies bylaws and certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any action, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Together, these charter, statutory and contractual provisions could make the removal of our management and directors more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing provisions, as well as the significant common stock beneficially owned by our founder, executive officers, and certain members of our board of directors, could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our Company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. Listing Our shares of common stock are not listed on any exchange at this time. 4 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 hbr_ex101.htm
 RESTATED 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
 hbr_ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 GENFLAT HOLDINGS, INC. 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN- RESTATED 1. Purpose; Eligibility . 1.1 General Purpose . The name of this plan is the GenFlat Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the " Plan "). The purposes of the Plan are to (a) enable GenFlat Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the " Company "), and any Affiliate to attract and retain the types of Employees, Consultants and Directors who will contribute to the Company's long range success; (b) provide incentives that align the interests of Employees, Consultants and Directors with those of the shareholders of the Company; and (c) promote the success of the Company's business. 1.2 Eligible Award Recipients . The persons eligible to receive Awards are the Employees, Consultants and Directors of the Company and its Affiliates and such other individuals designated by the Committee who are reasonably expected to become Employees, Consultants and Directors after the receipt of Awards. 1.3 Available Awards . Awards that may be granted under the Plan include: (a) Incentive Stock Options, (b) Non-qualified Stock Options, (c) Stock Appreciation Rights, (d) Restricted Awards, (e) Performance Share Awards, (f) Cash Awards, and (g) Other Equity-Based Awards. 2. Definitions . " Affiliate " means a corporation or other entity that, directly or through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company. " Applicable Laws " means the requirements related to or implicated by the administration of the Plan under applicable state corporate law, United States federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted, and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are granted under the Plan. " Award " means any right granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Non-qualified Stock Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Restricted Award, a Performance Share Award, a Cash Award, or an Other Equity-Based Award. " Award Agreement " means a written agreement, contract, certificate or other instrument or document evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Award granted under the Plan which may, in the discretion of the Company, be transmitted electronically to any Participant. Each Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 1 " Beneficial Owner " has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular Person, such Person shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such Person has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time. The terms "Beneficially Owns" and "Beneficially Owned" have a corresponding meaning. " Board " means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted at any time. "Cash Award" means an Award denominated in cash that is granted under Section 7.4 of the Plan. " Cause " means: With respect to any Employee or Consultant, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise: (a) If the Employee or Consultant is a party to an employment or service agreement with the Company or its Affiliates and such agreement provides for a definition of Cause, the definition contained therein; or (b) If no such agreement exists, or if such agreement does not define Cause: (i) the commission of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or the commission of any other act involving willful malfeasance or material fiduciary breach with respect to the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) conduct that results in or is reasonably likely to result in harm to the reputation or business of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Company or an Affiliate; or (iv) material violation of state or federal securities laws. With respect to any Director, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, a determination by a majority of the disinterested Board members that the Director has engaged in any of the following: (a) malfeasance in office; (b) gross misconduct or neglect; (c) false or fraudulent misrepresentation inducing the director's appointment; (d) willful conversion of corporate funds; or (e) repeated failure to participate in Board meetings on a regular basis despite having received proper notice of the meetings in advance. The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to whether a Participant has been discharged for Cause. 2 " Change in Control " (a) The direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person that is not a subsidiary of the Company; (b) The Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; (c) The date which is 10 business days prior to the consummation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company; (d) The acquisition by any Person of Beneficial Ownership of 50 or more (on a fully diluted basis) of either (i) the then outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, taking into account as outstanding for this purpose such Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants, the conversion of convertible stock or debt, and the exercise of any similar right to acquire such Common Stock (the " Outstanding Company Common Stock ") or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the " Outstanding Company Voting Securities "); provided, however , that for purposes of this Plan, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition by the Company or any Affiliate, (B) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Company or any subsidiary, (C) any acquisition which complies with clauses, (i), (ii) and (iii) of subsection (e) of this definition or (D) in respect of an Award held by a particular Participant, any acquisition by the Participant or any group of persons including the Participant (or any entity controlled by the Participant or any group of persons including the Participant); or (e) The consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company that requires the approval of the Company's shareholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a " Business Combination "), unless immediately following such Business Combination: (i) more than 50 of the total voting power of (A) the entity resulting from such Business Combination (the " Surviving Company "), or (B) if applicable, the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of sufficient voting securities eligible to elect a majority of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Surviving Company (the " Parent Company "), is represented by the Outstanding Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which the Outstanding Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities among the holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination; (ii) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Company or the Parent Company) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 50 or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect members of the board of directors of the Parent Company (or the analogous governing body) (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company); and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Parent Company (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) following the consummation of the Business Combination were Board members at the time of the Board's approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination. 3 " Code " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time. Any reference to a section of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any regulations promulgated thereunder. " Committee " means a committee of one or more members of the Board appointed by the Board to administer the Plan in accordance with Section 3.3 and Section 3.4. " Common Stock " means the common stock, .001 par value per share, of the Company, or such other securities of the Company as may be designated by the Committee from time to time in substitution thereof. " Company " means GenFlat Holdings, Inc. a Delaware corporation, and any successor thereto. " Consultant " means any individual or entity which performs bona fide services to the Company or an Affiliate, other than as an Employee or Director, and who may be offered securities registerable pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act. " Continuous Service " means that the Participant's service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Consultant or Director, is not interrupted or terminated. The Participant's Continuous Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant's Continuous Service; provided further that if any Award is subject to Section 409A of the Code, this sentence shall only be given effect to the extent consistent with Section 409A of the Code. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Director of an Affiliate will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. The Committee or its delegate, in its sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by that party, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal or family leave of absence. The Committee or its delegate, in its sole discretion, may determine whether a Company transaction, such as a sale or spin-off of a division or subsidiary that employs a Participant, shall be deemed to result in a termination of Continuous Service for purposes of affected Awards, and such decision shall be final, conclusive and binding. " Deferred Stock Units (DSUs) " has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. " Director " means a member of the Board. 4 " Disability " means, unless the applicable Award Agreement says otherwise, that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment; provided, however, for purposes of determining the term of an Incentive Stock Option pursuant to Section 6.10 hereof, the term Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. The determination of whether an individual has a Disability shall be determined under procedures established by the Committee. Except in situations where the Committee is determining Disability for purposes of the term of an Incentive Stock Option pursuant to Section 6.10 hereof within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, the Committee may rely on any determination that a Participant is disabled for purposes of benefits under any long-term disability plan maintained by the Company or any Affiliate in which a Participant participates. " Disqualifying Disposition " has the meaning set forth in Section 14.12. " Effective Date " shall mean the date that the Company's shareholders approve this Plan if such shareholder approval occurs before the first anniversary of the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. " Employee " means any person, including an Officer or Director, employed by the Company or an Affiliate; provided, that, for purposes of determining eligibility to receive Incentive Stock Options, an Employee shall mean an employee of the Company or a parent or subsidiary corporation within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code. Mere service as a Director or payment of a director's fee by the Company or an Affiliate shall not be sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company or an Affiliate. " Exchange Act " means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. " Fair Market Value " means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock as determined below. If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, national market system or over the counter quotation system, the Fair Market Value shall be the closing price of a share of Common Stock (or if no sales were reported the closing price on the date immediately preceding such date) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported on such exchange or system official website. In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Committee and such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. "Fiscal Year" means the Company's fiscal year. " Free Standing Rights " has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a). 5 " Good Reason " means, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise: (a) If an Employee or Consultant is a party to an employment or service agreement with the Company or its Affiliates and such agreement provides for a definition of Good Reason, the definition contained therein; or (b) If no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define Good Reason, the occurrence of the following without the Participant's express written consent, which is not remedied by the Company within thirty (30) days of its receipt of a written notice from the Participant describing the applicable circumstances (which notice must be provided by the Participant within ninety (90) days of the Participant's knowledge of the applicable circumstances): a geographical relocation of the Participant's principal office location by more than one hundred fifty (150) miles. " Grant Date " means the date on which the Committee adopts a resolution, or takes other appropriate action, expressly granting an Award to a Participant that specifies the key terms and conditions of the Award or, if a later date is set forth in such resolution, then such date as is set forth in such resolution. " Incentive Stock Option " means an Option that is designated by the Committee as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and that meets the requirements set out in the Plan. " Incumbent Directors " means individuals who, on the Effective Date, constitute the Board, provided that any individual becoming a Director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election or nomination for election to the Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for Director without objection to such nomination) shall be an Incumbent Director. No individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to Directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any person other than the Board shall be an Incumbent Director. " Non-Employee Director " means a Director who is a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. " Non-qualified Stock Option " means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. " Officer " means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. " Option " means an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-qualified Stock Option granted pursuant to the Plan. " Optionholder " means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. " Option Exercise Price " means the price at which a share of Common Stock may be purchased upon the exercise of an Option. 6 "Other Equity-Based Award" means an Award that is not an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, or Performance Share Award that is granted under Section 7.4 and is payable by delivery of Common Stock and/or which is measured by reference to the value of Common Stock. " Participant " means an eligible person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. " Performance Goals " means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon business criteria or other performance measures determined by the Committee in its discretion. " Performance Period " means the one or more periods of time not less than one fiscal quarter in duration, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant's right to and the payment of a Performance Share Award or a Cash Award. " Performance Share Award " means any Award granted pursuant to Section 7.3 hereof. " Performance Share " means the grant of a right to receive a number of actual shares of Common Stock or share units based upon the performance of the Company during a Performance Period, as determined by the Committee. " Permitted Transferee " means: (a) a member of the Optionholder's immediate family (child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships), any person sharing the Optionholder's household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Optionholder) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Optionholder) own more than 50 of the voting interests; (b) third parties designated by the Committee in connection with a program established and approved by the Committee pursuant to which Participants may receive a cash payment or other consideration in consideration for the transfer of a Non-qualified Stock Option; and (c) such other transferees as may be permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion. "Person" means a person as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. " Plan " means this GenFlat Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and/or amended and restated from time to time. " Related Rights " has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a). " Restricted Award " means any Award granted pursuant to Section 7.2(a). " Restricted Period " has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(a). 7 " Rule 16b-3 " means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. " Securities Act " means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. " Stock Appreciation Right " means the right pursuant to an Award granted under Section 7.1 to receive, upon exercise, an amount payable in cash or shares equal to the number of shares subject to the Stock Appreciation Right that is being exercised multiplied by the excess of (a) the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the Award is exercised, over (b) the exercise price specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement. " Stock for Stock Exchange " has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. "Substitute Award" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6. " Ten Percent Shareholder " means a person who owns (or is deemed to own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of any of its Affiliates. "Total Share Reserve " has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. 3. Administration . 3.1 Authority of Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee or, in the Board's sole discretion, by the Board. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee's charter and Applicable Laws, and in addition to other express powers and authorization conferred by the Plan, the Committee shall have the authority: (a) to construe and interpret the Plan and apply its provisions; (b) to promulgate, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to the administration of the Plan; (c) to authorize any person to execute, on behalf of the Company, any instrument required to carry out the purposes of the Plan; (d) to delegate its authority to one or more Officers of the Company with respect to Awards that do not involve "insiders" within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act; (e) to determine when Awards are to be granted under the Plan and the applicable Grant Date; (f) from time to time to select, subject to the limitations set forth in this Plan, those eligible Award recipients to whom Awards shall be granted; 8 (g) to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be made subject to each Award; (h) to determine whether each Option is to be an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-qualified Stock Option; (i) to prescribe the terms and conditions of each Award, including, without limitation, the exercise price and medium of payment and vesting provisions, and to specify the provisions of the Award Agreement relating to such grant; (j) to determine the target number of Performance Shares to be granted pursuant to a Performance Share Award, the performance measures that will be used to establish the Performance Goals, the Performance Period(s) and the number of Performance Shares earned by a Participant; (k) to amend any outstanding Awards, including for the purpose of modifying the time or manner of vesting, or the term of any outstanding Award; provided, however , that if any such amendment impairs a Participant's rights or increases a Participant's obligations under his or her Award or creates or increases a Participant's federal income tax liability with respect to an Award, such amendment shall also be subject to the Participant's consent; (l) to determine the duration and purpose of leaves of absences which may be granted to a Participant without constituting termination of their employment for purposes of the Plan, which periods shall be no shorter than the periods generally applicable to Employees under the Company's employment policies; (m) to make decisions with respect to outstanding Awards that may become necessary upon a change in corporate control or an event that triggers anti-dilution adjustments; (n) to interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, correct any defect in and/or supply any omission in the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award granted under, the Plan; and (o) to exercise discretion to make any and all other determinations which it determines to be necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The Committee also may modify the purchase price or the exercise price of any outstanding Award, provided that if the modification effects a repricing, shareholder approval shall be required before the repricing is effective. 3.2 Committee Decisions Final . All decisions made by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participants, unless such decisions are determined by a court having jurisdiction to be arbitrary and capricious. 9 3.3 Delegation . The Committee or, if no Committee has been appointed, the Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a committee or committees of one or more members of the Board, and the term " Committee " shall apply to any person or persons to whom such authority has been delegated. The Committee shall have the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board or the Committee shall thereafter be to the committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and revest in the Board the administration of the Plan. The members of the Committee shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board. From time to time, the Board may increase or decrease the size of the Committee, add additional members to, remove members (with or without cause) from, appoint new members in substitution therefor, and fill vacancies, however caused, in the Committee. The Committee shall act pursuant to a vote of the majority of its members or, in the case of a Committee comprised of only two members, the unanimous consent of its members, whether present or not, or by the written consent of the majority of its members and minutes shall be kept of all of its meetings and copies thereof shall be provided to the Board. Subject to the limitations prescribed by the Plan and the Board, the Committee may establish and follow such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business as it may determine to be advisable. 3.4 Committee Composition . Except as otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall consist solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors. The Board shall have discretion to determine whether or not it intends to comply with the exemption requirements of Rule 16b-3. However, if the Board intends to satisfy such exemption requirements, with respect to any insider subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Committee shall be a compensation committee of the Board that at all times consists solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors. Within the scope of such authority, the Board or the Committee may delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board who are not Non-Employee Directors the authority to grant Awards to eligible persons who are not then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Nothing herein shall create an inference that an Award is not validly granted under the Plan in the event Awards are granted under the Plan by a compensation committee of the Board that does not at all times consist solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors. 3.5 Indemnification . In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may have as Directors or members of the Committee, and to the extent allowed by Applicable Laws, the Committee shall be indemnified by the Company against the reasonable expenses, including attorney's fees, actually incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding or in connection with any appeal therein, to which the Committee may be party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan or any Award granted under the Plan, and against all amounts paid by the Committee in settlement thereof provided, however , that the settlement has been approved by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) or paid by the Committee in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such Committee did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the Company, or in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reason to believe that the conduct complained of was unlawful; provided, however , that within 60 days after the institution of any such action, suit or proceeding, such Committee shall, in writing, offer the Company the opportunity at its own expense to handle and defend such action, suit or proceeding. 10 4. Shares Subject to the Plan . 4.1 Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11, no more than 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock shall be available for the grant of Awards under the Plan (the " Total Share Reserve "). During the terms of the Awards, the Company shall keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy such Awards. 4.2 Shares of Common Stock available for distribution under the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares, treasury shares or shares reacquired by the Company in any manner. 4.3 Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 11, no more than the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Total Reserve may be issued in the aggregate pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options (the " ISO Limit "). 4.4 The maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to Awards granted during a single Fiscal Year to any Director, together with any cash fees paid to such Director during the Fiscal Year shall not exceed a total value of 100,000 (calculating the value of any Awards based on the grant date fair value for financial reporting purposes). 4.5 Any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award that expires or is canceled, forfeited, or terminated without issuance of the full number of shares of Common Stock to which the Award related will again be available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein: shares subject to an Award under the Plan shall not again be made available for issuance or delivery under the Plan if such shares are (a) shares tendered in payment of an Option, (b) shares delivered or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation, or (c) shares covered by a stock-settled Stock Appreciation Right or other Awards that were not issued upon the settlement of the Award. 4.6 Awards may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be granted under the Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by an entity acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines (" Substitute Awards "). Substitute Awards shall not be counted against the Total Share Reserve; provided, that, Substitute Awards issued in connection with the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding options intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options shall be counted against the ISO limit. Subject to applicable stock exchange requirements, available shares under a shareholder-approved plan of an entity directly or indirectly acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines (as appropriately adjusted to reflect such acquisition or transaction) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not count toward the Total Share Limit. 11 5. Eligibility . 5.1 Eligibility for Specific Awards . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Consultants and Directors and those individuals whom the Committee determines are reasonably expected to become Employees, Consultants and Directors following the Grant Date. 5.2 Ten Percent Shareholders . A Ten Percent Shareholder shall not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the Option Exercise Price is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Grant Date and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the Grant Date. 6. Option Provisions . Each Option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Option so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 6, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options shall be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Non-qualified Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability to any Participant or any other person if an Option designated as an Incentive Stock Option fails to qualify as such at any time or if an Option is determined to constitute "nonqualified deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the terms of such Option do not satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical, but each Option shall include (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Option or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 6.1 Term . Subject to the provisions of Section 5.2 regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, no Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the Grant Date. The term of a Non-qualified Stock Option granted under the Plan shall be determined by the Committee; provided, however , no Non-qualified Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the Grant Date. 6.2 Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option . Subject to the provisions of Section 5.2 regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, the Option Exercise Price of each Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Incentive Stock Option may be granted with an Option Exercise Price lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner satisfying the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code. 6.3 Exercise Price of a Non-qualified Stock Option . The Option Exercise Price of each Non-qualified Stock Option shall be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Non-qualified Stock Option may be granted with an Option Exercise Price lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner satisfying the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. 12 6.4 Consideration . The Option Exercise Price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Option shall be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either (a) in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised or (b) in the discretion of the Committee, upon such terms as the Committee shall approve, the Option Exercise Price may be paid: (i) by delivery to the Company of other Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery equal to the Option Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of shares being acquired, or by means of attestation whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific shares of Common Stock that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of attestation equal to the Option Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the difference between the number of shares thereby purchased and the number of identified attestation shares of Common Stock (a " Stock for Stock Exchange "); (ii) a "cashless" exercise program established with a broker; (iii) by reduction in the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate Option Exercise Price at the time of exercise; (iv) by any combination of the foregoing methods; or (v) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Option, the exercise price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Option that is paid by delivery (or attestation) to the Company of other Common Stock acquired, directly or indirectly from the Company, shall be paid only by shares of the Common Stock of the Company that have been held for more than six months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes). Notwithstanding the foregoing, during any period for which the Common Stock is publicly traded (i.e., the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system) an exercise by a Director or Officer that involves or may involve a direct or indirect extension of credit or arrangement of an extension of credit by the Company, directly or indirectly, in violation of Section 402(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 shall be prohibited with respect to any Award under this Plan. 6.5 Transferability of an Incentive Stock Option . An Incentive Stock Option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option. 6.6 Transferability of a Non-qualified Stock Option . A Non-qualified Stock Option may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be transferable to a Permitted Transferee, upon written approval by the Committee to the extent provided in the Award Agreement. If the Non-qualified Stock Option does not provide for transferability, then the Non-qualified Stock Option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option. 13 6.7 Vesting of Options . Each Option may, but need not, vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may, but need not, be equal. The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the Committee may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. No Option may be exercised for a fraction of a share of Common Stock. The Committee may, but shall not be required to, provide for an acceleration of vesting and exercisability in the terms of any Award Agreement upon the occurrence of a specified event. 6.8 Termination of Continuous Service . Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement or in an employment agreement the terms of which have been approved by the Committee, in the event an Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates (other than upon the Optionholder's death or Disability), the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (a) the date three months following the termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service or (b) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement; provided that , if the termination of Continuous Service is by the Company for Cause, all outstanding Options (whether or not vested) shall immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable. If, after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified in the Award Agreement, the Option shall terminate. 6.9 Extension of Termination Date . An Optionholder's Award Agreement may also provide that if the exercise of the Option following the termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service for any reason would be prohibited at any time because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act or any other state or federal securities law or the rules of any securities exchange or interdealer quotation system, then the Option shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of the Option in accordance with Section 6.1 or (b) the expiration of a period after termination of the Participant's Continuous Service that is three months after the end of the period during which the exercise of the Option would be in violation of such registration or other securities law requirements. 6.10 Disability of Optionholder . Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, in the event that an Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's Disability, the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (a) the date 12 months following such termination or (b) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement, the Option shall terminate. 14 6.11 Death of Optionholder . Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, in the event an Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by the Optionholder's estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option upon the Optionholder's death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (a) the date 12 months following the date of death or (b) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after the Optionholder's death, the Option is not exercised within the time specified herein or in the Award Agreement, the Option shall terminate. 6.12 Incentive Stock Option 100,000 Limitation . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds 100,000, the Options or portions thereof which exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) shall be treated as Non-qualified Stock Options. 7. Provisions of Awards Other Than Options . 7.1 Stock Appreciation Rights . (a) General Each Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 7.1, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted alone (" Free Standing Rights ") or in tandem with an Option granted under the Plan (" Related Rights "). (b) Grant Requirements Any Related Right that relates to a Non-qualified Stock Option may be granted at the same time the Option is granted or at any time thereafter but before the exercise or expiration of the Option. Any Related Right that relates to an Incentive Stock Option must be granted at the same time the Incentive Stock Option is granted. (c) Term of Stock Appreciation Rights The term of a Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan shall be determined by the Committee; provided, however , no Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. (d) Vesting of Stock Appreciation Rights Each Stock Appreciation Right may, but need not, vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may, but need not, be equal. The Stock Appreciation Right may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be exercised as the Committee may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Stock Appreciation Rights may vary. No Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised for a fraction of a share of Common Stock. The Committee may, but shall not be required to, provide for an acceleration of vesting and exercisability in the terms of any Stock Appreciation Right upon the occurrence of a specified event. 15 (e) Exercise and Payment Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, the holder shall be entitled to receive from the Company an amount equal to the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Stock Appreciation Right that is being exercised multiplied by the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the Award is exercised, over (ii) the exercise price specified in the Stock Appreciation Right or related Option. Payment with respect to the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right shall be made on the date of exercise. Payment shall be made in the form of shares of Common Stock (with or without restrictions as to substantial risk of forfeiture and transferability, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion), cash or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. (f) Exercise Price The exercise price of a Free Standing Right shall be determined by the Committee, but shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the Grant Date of such Stock Appreciation Right. A Related Right granted simultaneously with or subsequent to the grant of an Option and in conjunction therewith or in the alternative thereto shall have the same exercise price as the related Option, shall be transferable only upon the same terms and conditions as the related Option, and shall be exercisable only to the same extent as the related Option; provided, however , that a Stock Appreciation Right, by its terms, shall be exercisable only when the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock subject to the Stock Appreciation Right and related Option exceeds the exercise price per share thereof and no Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in tandem with an Option unless the Committee determines that the requirements of Section 7.1(b) are satisfied. (g) Reduction in the Underlying Option Shares Upon any exercise of a Related Right, the number of shares of Common Stock for which any related Option shall be exercisable shall be reduced by the number of shares for which the Stock Appreciation Right has been exercised. The number of shares of Common Stock for which a Related Right shall be exercisable shall be reduced upon any exercise of any related Option by the number of shares of Common Stock for which such Option has been exercised. 16 7.2 Restricted Awards . (a) General A Restricted Award is an Award of actual shares of Common Stock (" Restricted Stock ") or hypothetical Common Stock units (" Restricted Stock Units ") having a value equal to the Fair Market Value of an identical number of shares of Common Stock, which may, but need not, provide that such Restricted Award may not be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of, pledged or hypothecated as collateral for a loan or as security for the performance of any obligation or for any other purpose for such period (the " Restricted Period ") as the Committee shall determine. Each Restricted Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Restricted Award so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 7.2, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. (b) Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units (i) Each Participant granted Restricted Stock shall execute and deliver to the Company an Award Agreement with respect to the Restricted Stock setting forth the restrictions and other terms and conditions applicable to such Restricted Stock. If the Committee determines that the Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than delivered to the Participant pending the release of the applicable restrictions, the Committee may require the Participant to additionally execute and deliver to the Company (A) an escrow agreement satisfactory to the Committee, if applicable and (B) the appropriate blank stock power with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by such agreement. If a Participant fails to execute an agreement evidencing an Award of Restricted Stock and, if applicable, an escrow agreement and stock power, the Award shall be null and void. Subject to the restrictions set forth in the Award, the Participant generally shall have the rights and privileges of a shareholder as to such Restricted Stock, including the right to vote such Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends; provided that , any cash dividends and stock dividends with respect to the Restricted Stock shall be withheld by the Company for the Participant's account, and interest may be credited on the amount of the cash dividends withheld at a rate and subject to such terms as determined by the Committee. The cash dividends or stock dividends so withheld by the Committee and attributable to any particular share of Restricted Stock (and earnings thereon, if applicable) shall be distributed to the Participant in cash or, at the discretion of the Committee, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such dividends, if applicable, upon the release of restrictions on such share and, if such share is forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividends. (ii) The terms and conditions of a grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be reflected in an Award Agreement. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued at the time a Restricted Stock Unit is granted, and the Company will not be required to set aside funds for the payment of any such Award. A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder. The Committee may also grant Restricted Stock Units with a deferral feature, whereby settlement is deferred beyond the vesting date until the occurrence of a future payment date or event set forth in an Award Agreement (" Deferred Stock Units "). At the discretion of the Committee, each Restricted Stock Unit or Deferred Stock Unit (representing one share of Common Stock) may be credited with an amount equal to the cash and stock dividends paid by the Company in respect of one share of Common Stock (" Dividend Equivalents "). Dividend Equivalents shall be withheld by the Company and credited to the Participant's account, and interest may be credited on the amount of cash Dividend Equivalents credited to the Participant's account at a rate and subject to such terms as determined by the Committee. Dividend Equivalents credited to a Participant's account and attributable to any particular Restricted Stock Unit or Deferred Stock Unit (and earnings thereon, if applicable) shall be distributed in cash or, at the discretion of the Committee, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such Dividend Equivalents and earnings, if applicable, to the Participant upon settlement of such Restricted Stock Unit or Deferred Stock Unit and, if such Restricted Stock Unit or Deferred Stock Unit is forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such Dividend Equivalents. 17 (c) Restrictions (i) Restricted Stock awarded to a Participant shall be subject to the following restrictions until the expiration of the Restricted Period, and to such other terms and conditions as may be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement: (A) if an escrow arrangement is used, the Participant shall not be entitled to delivery of the stock certificate; (B) the shares shall be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in the Award Agreement; (C) the shares shall be subject to forfeiture to the extent provided in the applicable Award Agreement; and (D) to the extent such shares are forfeited, the stock certificates shall be returned to the Company, and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a shareholder with respect to such shares shall terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company. (ii) Restricted Stock Units and Deferred Stock Units awarded to any Participant shall be subject to (A) forfeiture until the expiration of the Restricted Period, and satisfaction of any applicable Performance Goals during such period, to the extent provided in the applicable Award Agreement, and to the extent such Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units are forfeited, all rights of the Participant to such Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units shall terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company and (B) such other terms and conditions as may be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. (iii) The Committee shall have the authority to remove any or all of the restrictions on the Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Deferred Stock Units whenever it may determine that, by reason of changes in Applicable Laws or other changes in circumstances arising after the date the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units are granted, such action is appropriate. 18 (d) Restricted Period With respect to Restricted Awards, the Restricted Period shall commence on the Grant Date and end at the time or times set forth on a schedule established by the Committee in the applicable Award Agreement. No Restricted Award may be granted or settled for a fraction of a share of Common Stock. The Committee may, but shall not be required to, provide for an acceleration of vesting in the terms of any Award Agreement upon the occurrence of a specified event. (e) Delivery of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2(c) and the applicable Award Agreement shall be of no further force or effect with respect to such shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If an escrow arrangement is used, upon such expiration, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his or her beneficiary, without charge, the stock certificate evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock which have not then been forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired (to the nearest full share) and any cash dividends or stock dividends credited to the Participant's account with respect to such Restricted Stock and the interest thereon, if any. Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding Restricted Stock Units, or at the expiration of the deferral period with respect to any outstanding Deferred Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his or her beneficiary, without charge, one share of Common Stock for each such outstanding vested Restricted Stock Unit or Deferred Stock Unit (" Vested Unit ") and cash equal to any Dividend Equivalents credited with respect to each such Vested Unit in accordance with Section 7.2(b)(ii) hereof and the interest thereon or, at the discretion of the Committee, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to such Dividend Equivalents and the interest thereon, if any; provided, however , that, if explicitly provided in the applicable Award Agreement, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, elect to pay cash or part cash and part Common Stock in lieu of delivering only shares of Common Stock for Vested Units. If a cash payment is made in lieu of delivering shares of Common Stock, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock as of the date on which the Restricted Period lapsed in the case of Restricted Stock Units, or the delivery date in the case of Deferred Stock Units, with respect to each Vested Unit. (f) Stock Restrictions Each certificate representing Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan shall bear a legend in such form as the Company deems appropriate. 19 7.3 Performance Share Awards . (a) Grant of Performance Share Awards Each Performance Share Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Each Performance Share Award so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 7.3, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. The Committee shall have the discretion to determine: (i) the number of shares of Common Stock or stock-denominated units subject to a Performance Share Award granted to any Participant; (ii) the Performance Period applicable to any Award; (iii) the conditions that must be satisfied for a Participant to earn an Award; and (iv) the other terms, conditions and restrictions of the Award. (b) Earning Performance Share Awards The number of Performance Shares earned by a Participant will depend on the extent to which the performance goals established by the Committee are attained within the applicable Performance Period, as determined by the Committee. 7.4 Other Equity-Based Awards and Cash Awards . The Committee may grant Other Equity-Based Awards, either alone or in tandem with other Awards, in such amounts and subject to such conditions as the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion. Each Equity-Based Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement and shall be subject to such conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. The Committee may grant Cash Awards in such amounts and subject to such Performance Goals, other vesting conditions, and such other terms as the Committee determines in its discretion. Cash Awards shall be evidenced in such form as the Committee may determine. 8. Securities Law Compliance . Each Award Agreement shall provide that no shares of Common Stock shall be purchased or sold thereunder unless and until (a) any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel and (b) if required to do so by the Company, the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company a letter of investment intent in such form and containing such provisions as the Committee may require. The Company shall use reasonable efforts to seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Awards; provided, however , that this undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority which counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. 20 9. Use of Proceeds from Stock . Proceeds from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to Awards, or upon exercise thereof, shall constitute general funds of the Company. 10. Miscellaneous . 10.1 Acceleration of Exercisability and Vesting . The Committee shall have the power to accelerate the time at which an Award may first be exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding the provisions in the Award stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it will vest. 10.2 Shareholder Rights . Except as provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no Participant shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to such Award unless and until such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award pursuant to its terms and no adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distributions of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Common Stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 11 hereof. 10.3 No Employment or Other Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan or any instrument executed or Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (a) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without Cause or (b) the service of a Director pursuant to the By-laws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 10.4 Transfer; Approved Leave of Absence . For purposes of the Plan, no termination of employment by an Employee shall be deemed to result from either (a) a transfer of employment to the Company from an Affiliate or from the Company to an Affiliate, or from one Affiliate to another, or (b) an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for any other purpose approved by the Company, if the Employee's right to reemployment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which the leave of absence was granted or if the Committee otherwise so provides in writing, in either case, except to the extent inconsistent with Section 409A of the Code if the applicable Award is subject thereto. 10.5 Withholding Obligations . To the extent provided by the terms of an Award Agreement and subject to the discretion of the Committee, the Participant may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under an Award by any of the following means (in addition to the Company's right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant by the Company) or by a combination of such means: (a) tendering a cash payment; (b) authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award, provided, however , that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or (c) delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock of the Company. 21 11. Adjustments Upon Changes in Stock . In the event of changes in the outstanding Common Stock or in the capital structure of the Company by reason of any stock or extraordinary cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, an extraordinary corporate transaction such as any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, exchange, or other relevant change in capitalization occurring after the Grant Date of any Award, Awards granted under the Plan and any Award Agreements, the exercise price of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the Performance Goals to which Performance Share Awards and Cash Awards are subject, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to all Awards stated in Section 4 will be equitably adjusted or substituted, as to the number, price or kind of a share of Common Stock or other consideration subject to such Awards to the extent necessary to preserve the economic intent of such Award. In the case of adjustments made pursuant to this Section 11, unless the Committee specifically determines that such adjustment is in the best interests of the Company or its Affiliates, the Committee shall, in the case of Incentive Stock Options, ensure that any adjustments under this Section 11 will not constitute a modification, extension or renewal of the Incentive Stock Options within the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code and in the case of Non-qualified Stock Options, ensure that any adjustments under this Section 11 will not constitute a modification of such Non-qualified Stock Options within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any adjustments made under this Section 11 shall be made in a manner which does not adversely affect the exemption provided pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The Company shall give each Participant notice of an adjustment hereunder and, upon notice, such adjustment shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. 12. Effect of Change in Control . 12.1 Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary: (a) In the event of a Participant's termination of Continuous Service without Cause or for Good Reason during the 12-month period following a Change in Control, notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or any applicable Award Agreement to the contrary, all outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall become immediately exercisable with respect to 100 of the shares subject to such Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, and/or the Restricted Period shall expire immediately with respect to 100 of the outstanding shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units as of the date of the Participant's termination of Continuous Service. (b) With respect to Performance Share Awards and Cash Awards, in the event of a Change in Control, all incomplete Performance Periods in respect of such Awards in effect on the date the Change in Control occurs shall end on the date of such change and the Committee shall (i) determine the extent to which Performance Goals with respect to each such Performance Period have been met based upon such audited or unaudited financial information then available as it deems relevant and (ii) cause to be paid to the applicable Participant partial or full Awards with respect to Performance Goals for each such Performance Period based upon the Committee's determination of the degree of attainment of Performance Goals or, if not determinable, assuming that the applicable "target" levels of performance have been attained, or on such other basis determined by the Committee. 22 To the extent practicable, any actions taken by the Committee under the immediately preceding clauses (a) and (b) shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows affected Participants the ability to participate in the Change in Control with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to their Awards. 12.2 In addition, in the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may in its discretion and upon at least 10 days' advance notice to the affected persons, cancel any outstanding Awards and pay to the holders thereof, in cash or stock, or any combination thereof, the value of such Awards based upon the price per share of Common Stock received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. In the case of any Option or Stock Appreciation Right with an exercise price (or SAR Exercise Price in the case of a Stock Appreciation Right) that equals or exceeds the price paid for a share of Common Stock in connection with the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option or Stock Appreciation Right without the payment of consideration therefor. 12.3 The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to all or substantially all of the assets and business of the Company and its Affiliates, taken as a whole. 13. Amendment of the Plan and Awards . 13.1 Amendment of Plan . The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend or terminate the Plan. However, except as provided in Section 11 relating to adjustments upon changes in Common Stock and Section 13.3, no amendment shall be effective unless approved by the shareholders of the Company to the extent shareholder approval is necessary to satisfy any Applicable Laws. At the time of such amendment, the Board shall determine, upon advice from counsel, whether such amendment will be contingent on shareholder approval. 13.2 Shareholder Approval . The Board may, in its sole discretion, submit any other amendment to the Plan for shareholder approval. 13.3 Contemplated Amendments . It is expressly contemplated that the Board may amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable to provide eligible Employees, Consultants and Directors with the maximum benefits provided or to be provided under the provisions of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder relating to Incentive Stock Options or to the nonqualified deferred compensation provisions of Section 409A of the Code and/or to bring the Plan and/or Awards granted under it into compliance therewith. 23 13.4 No Impairment of Rights . Rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (a) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and (b) the Participant consents in writing. 13.5 Amendment of Awards . The Committee at any time, and from time to time, may amend the terms of any one or more Awards; provided, however , that the Committee may not affect any amendment which would otherwise constitute an impairment of the rights under any Award unless (a) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and (b) the Participant consents in writing. 14. General Provisions . 14.1 Forfeiture Events . The Committee may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participant's rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain events, in addition to applicable vesting conditions of an Award. Such events may include, without limitation, breach of non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, or other restrictive covenants that are contained in the Award Agreement or otherwise applicable to the Participant, a termination of the Participant's Continuous Service for Cause, or other conduct by the Participant that is detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company and/or its Affiliates. 14.2 Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Plan, the Company may cancel any Award, require reimbursement of any Award by a Participant, and effect any other right of recoupment of equity or other compensation provided under the Plan in accordance with any Company policies that may be adopted and/or modified from time to time "Clawback Policy" ). In addition, a Participant may be required to repay to the Company previously paid compensation, whether provided pursuant to the Plan or an Award Agreement, in accordance with the Clawback Policy. By accepting an Award, the Participant is agreeing to be bound by the Clawback Policy, as in effect or as may be adopted and/or modified from time to time by the Company in its discretion (including, without limitation, to comply with applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements). 14.3 Other Compensation Arrangements . Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, subject to shareholder approval if such approval is required; and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 14.4 Sub-Plans . The Committee may from time to time establish sub-plans under the Plan for purposes of satisfying securities, tax or other laws of various jurisdictions in which the Company intends to grant Awards. Any sub-plans shall contain such limitations and other terms and conditions as the Committee determines are necessary or desirable. All sub-plans shall be deemed a part of the Plan, but each sub-plan shall apply only to the Participants in the jurisdiction for which the sub-plan was designed. 24 14.5 Deferral of Awards . The Committee may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected Participants the opportunity to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise of an Award, satisfaction of performance criteria, or other event that absent the election would entitle the Participant to payment or receipt of shares of Common Stock or other consideration under an Award. The Committee may establish the election procedures, the timing of such elections, the mechanisms for payments of, and accrual of interest or other earnings, if any, on amounts, shares or other consideration so deferred, and such other terms, conditions, rules and procedures that the Committee deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program. 14.6 Unfunded Plan . The Plan shall be unfunded. Neither the Company, the Board nor the Committee shall be required to establish any special or separate fund or to segregate any assets to assure the performance of its obligations under the Plan. 14.7 Recapitalizations . Each Award Agreement shall contain provisions required to reflect the provisions of Section 11. 14.8 Delivery . Upon exercise of a right granted under this Plan, the Company shall issue Common Stock or pay any amounts due within a reasonable period of time thereafter. Subject to any statutory or regulatory obligations the Company may otherwise have, for purposes of this Plan, 30 days shall be considered a reasonable period of time. 14.9 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan. The Committee shall determine whether cash, additional Awards or other securities or property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock or whether any fractional shares should be rounded, forfeited or otherwise eliminated. 14.10 Other Provisions . The Award Agreements authorized under the Plan may contain such other provisions not inconsistent with this Plan, including, without limitation, restrictions upon the exercise of Awards, as the Committee may deem advisable. 14.11 Section 409A . The Plan is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code to the extent subject thereto, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, the Plan shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance therewith. Any payments described in the Plan that are due within the "short-term deferral period" as defined in Section 409A of the Code shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless Applicable Laws require otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to the Plan during the six (6) month period immediately following the Participant's termination of Continuous Service shall instead be paid on the first payroll date after the six-month anniversary of the Participant's separation from service (or the Participant's death, if earlier). Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Company nor the Committee shall have any obligation to take any action to prevent the assessment of any additional tax or penalty on any Participant under Section 409A of the Code and neither the Company nor the Committee will have any liability to any Participant for such tax or penalty. 25 14.12 Disqualifying Dispositions . Any Participant who shall make a "disposition" (as defined in Section 424 of the Code) of all or any portion of shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of an Incentive Stock Option within two years from the Grant Date of such Incentive Stock Option or within one year after the issuance of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of such Incentive Stock Option (a " Disqualifying Disposition ") shall be required to immediately advise the Company in writing as to the occurrence of the sale and the price realized upon the sale of such shares of Common Stock. 14.13 Section 16 . It is the intent of the Company that the Plan satisfy, and be interpreted in a manner that satisfies, the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 as promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act so that Participants will be entitled to the benefit of Rule 16b-3, or any other rule promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and will not be subject to short-swing liability under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, if the operation of any provision of the Plan would conflict with the intent expressed in this Section 14.13, such provision to the extent possible shall be interpreted and/or deemed amended so as to avoid such conflict. 14.14 Beneficiary Designation . Each Participant under the Plan may from time to time name any beneficiary or beneficiaries by whom any right under the Plan is to be exercised in case of such Participant's death. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the same Participant, shall be in a form reasonably prescribed by the Committee and shall be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing with the Company during the Participant's lifetime. 14.15 Expenses . The costs of administering the Plan shall be paid by the Company. 14.16 Severability . If any of the provisions of the Plan or any Award Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, whether in whole or in part, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent, but only to the extent, of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability and the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 14.17 Plan Headings . The headings in the Plan are for purposes of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof. 14.18 Non-Uniform Treatment . The Committee's determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among persons who are eligible to receive, or actually receive, Awards. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations, amendments and adjustments, and to enter into non-uniform and selective Award Agreements. 15. Effective Date of Plan . The Plan shall become effective as of the Effective Date, but no Award shall be exercised (or, in the case of a stock Award, shall be granted) unless and until the Plan has been approved by the shareholders of the Company, which approval shall be within twelve (12) months before or after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. 16. Termination or Suspension of the Plan . The Plan shall terminate automatically on May 16, 2029. No Award shall be granted pursuant to the Plan after such date, but Awards theretofore granted may extend beyond that date. The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any earlier date pursuant to Section 13.1 hereof. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 17. Choice of Law . The law of the State of Florida shall govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to such state's conflict of law rules. Restated as of 09.25.2024 26 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.9>
 4
 hbr_ex109.htm
 FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
 hbr_ex109.htm EXHIBIT 10.9 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT This Indemnification Agreement (" Agreement "), dated as of [_______], is by and between GenFlat Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the " Company ") and [_____________] (the " Indemnitee "). WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a [director]/[an officer] of the Company; WHEREAS, both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of public companies; WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the " Board ") has determined that enhancing the ability of the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons is in the best interests of the Company and that the Company therefore should seek to assure such persons that indemnification and insurance coverage is available; and WHEREAS, in recognition of the need to provide Indemnitee with substantial protection against personal liability, in order to procure Indemnitee's continued service as a [director/officer] of the Company and to enhance Indemnitee's ability to serve the Company in an effective manner, and in order to provide such protection pursuant to express contract rights (intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other things, any amendment to the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws (collectively, the " Constituent Documents "), any change in the composition of the Board or any change in control or business combination transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of, and the advancement of Expenses (as defined in Section 1(f) below) to, Indemnitee as set forth in this Agreement and to the extent insurance is maintained for the coverage of Indemnitee under the Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the Indemnitee's agreement to continue to provide services to the Company, the parties agree as follows: 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) " Beneficial Owner " has the meaning given to the term "beneficial owner" in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the " Exchange Act "). (b) " Change in Control " means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: (i) any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 25 or more of the Company's then outstanding Voting Securities unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company's securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 1 (ii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation, all of the Beneficial Owners of the Voting Securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding Voting Securities of the entity resulting from such transaction; (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new directors whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. (c) " Claim " means: (i) any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, investigative or other, and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law; or (ii) any inquiry, hearing or investigation that the Indemnitee determines might lead to the institution of any such action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism. (d) " Delaware Court " shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9(e) below. (e) " Disinterested Director " means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Claim in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. (f) " Expenses " means any and all expenses, including attorneys' and experts' fees, court costs, transcript costs, travel expenses, duplicating, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, and all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in, any Claim. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Claim, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes of Section 5 only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of Indemnitee's counsel as being reasonable shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. 2 (g) " Expense Advance " means any payment of Expenses advanced to Indemnitee by the Company pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5 hereof. (h) " Indemnifiable Event " means any event or occurrence, whether occurring before, on or after the date of this Agreement, related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise (collectively with the Company, " Enterprise ") or by reason of an action or inaction by Indemnitee in any such capacity (whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any Loss is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement). (i) " Independent Counsel " means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently performs, nor in the past five years has performed, services for either: (i) the Company or Indemnitee (other than in connection with matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement or of other indemnitees under similar agreements) or (ii) any other party to the Claim giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement. (j) " Losses " means any and all Expenses, damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil, criminal or other), ERISA excise taxes, amounts paid or payable in settlement, including any interest, assessments, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement and all other charges paid or payable in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in, any Claim. (k) " Person " means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity and includes the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. (l) " Standard of Conduct Determination " shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9(b) below. (m) " Voting Securities " means any securities of the Company that vote generally in the election of directors. 3 2. Services to the Company. Indemnitee agrees to continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until Indemnitee tenders [his/her] resignation or is no longer serving in such capacity. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment agreement between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that [his/her] [employment with/service to] the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise is at will and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment agreement between Indemnitee and the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise), other applicable formal severance policies duly adopted by the Board or, with respect to service as a director or officer of the Company, by the Company's Constituent Documents or Delaware law. This Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or, at the request of the Company, of any of its subsidiaries or Enterprise, as provided in Section 12 hereof. 3. Indemnification. Subject to Section 9 and Section 10 of this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware in effect on the date hereof, or as such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase the scope of such permitted indemnification, against any and all Losses if Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party to or participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or participant in, any Claim by reason of or arising in part out of an Indemnifiable Event, including, without limitation, Claims brought by or in the right of the Company, Claims brought by third parties, and Claims in which the Indemnitee is solely a witness. 4. Advancement of Expenses. Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company, prior to the final disposition of any Claim by final adjudication to which there are no further rights of appeal, of any and all Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Claim arising out of an Indemnifiable Event. Indemnitee's right to such advancement is not subject to the satisfaction of any standard of conduct. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within 15 busines days after any request by Indemnitee, the Company shall, in accordance with such request, (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses. In connection with any request for Expense Advances, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. In connection with any request for Expense Advances, Indemnitee shall execute and deliver to the Company an undertaking (which shall be accepted without reference to Indemnitee's ability to repay the Expense Advances) to repay any amounts paid, advanced, or reimbursed by the Company for such Expenses to the extent that it is ultimately determined, following the final disposition of such Claim, that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. Indemnitee's obligation to reimburse the Company for Expense Advances shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon. 4 5. Indemnification for Expenses in Enforcing Rights. To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, the Company shall also indemnify against, and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall advance to Indemnitee subject to and in accordance with Section 4, any Expenses actually and reasonably paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action or proceeding by Indemnitee for (a) indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company under any provision of this Agreement, or under any other agreement or provision of the Constituent Documents now or hereafter in effect relating to Claims relating to Indemnifiable Events, and/or (b) recovery under any directors' and officers' liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification or insurance recovery, as the case may. Indemnitee shall be required to reimburse the Company in the event that a final judicial determination is made that such action brought by Indemnitee was frivolous or not made in good faith. 6. Partial Indemnity. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of any Losses in respect of a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event but not for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 7. Notification and Defense of Claims. (a) Notification of Claims . Indemnitee shall notify the Company in writing as soon as practicable of any Claim which could relate to an Indemnifiable Event or for which Indemnitee could seek Expense Advances, including a brief description (based upon information then available to Indemnitee) of the nature of, and the facts underlying, such Claim. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company hereunder shall not relieve the Company from any liability hereunder unless the Company's ability to participate in the defense of such claim was materially and adversely affected by such failure. If at the time of the receipt of such notice, the Company has directors' and officers' liability insurance in effect under which coverage for Claims related to Indemnifiable Events is potentially available, the Company shall give prompt written notice to the applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable policies. The Company shall provide to Indemnitee a copy of such notice delivered to the applicable insurers, and copies of all subsequent correspondence between the Company and such insurers regarding the Claim, in each case substantially concurrently with the delivery or receipt thereof by the Company. (b) Defense of Claims . The Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event at its own expense and, except as otherwise provided below, to the extent the Company so wishes, it may assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. After notice from the Company to Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any such Claim, the Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any Expenses subsequently directly incurred by Indemnitee in connection with Indemnitee's defense of such Claim other than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below. Indemnitee shall have the right to employ its own legal counsel in such Claim, but all Expenses related to such counsel incurred after notice from the Company of its assumption of the defense shall be at Indemnitee's own expense; provided, however, that if (i) Indemnitee's employment of its own legal counsel has been authorized by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee has reasonably determined that there may be a conflict of interest between Indemnitee and the Company in the defense of such Claim, (iii) after a Change in Control, Indemnitee's employment of its own counsel has been approved by the Independent Counsel or (iv) the Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such Claim, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain its own separate counsel (but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any such Claim) and all Expenses related to such separate counsel shall be borne by the Company. 5 8. Procedure upon Application for Indemnification. In order to obtain indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefor, including in such request such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification following the final disposition of the Claim, provided that documentation and information need not be so provided to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege. Indemnification shall be made insofar as the Company determines Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in accordance with Section 9 below. 9. Determination of Right to Indemnification. (a) Mandatory Indemnification; Indemnification as a Witness. (i) To the extent that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event or any portion thereof or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including without limitation dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Losses relating to such Claim in accordance with Section 3 to the fullest extent allowable by law, and no Standard of Conduct Determination (as defined in Section 9(b)) shall be required. (ii) To the extent that Indemnitee's involvement in a Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event is to prepare to serve and serve as a witness, and not as a party, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Losses incurred in connection therewith to the fullest extent allowable by law and no Standard of Conduct Determination (as defined in Section 9(b)) shall be required. (b) Standard of Conduct . To the extent that the provisions of Section 9(a) are inapplicable to a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event that shall have been finally disposed of, any determination of whether Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct under Delaware law that is a legally required condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder against Losses relating to such Claim and any determination that Expense Advances must be repaid to the Company (a " Standard of Conduct Determination ") shall be made as follows: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum or (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; and 6 (ii) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, (A) if the Indemnitee so requests in writing, by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board or (B) otherwise, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee, within 15 business days of such request, any and all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in cooperating with the person or persons making such Standard of Conduct Determination. (c) Making the Standard of Conduct Determination . The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any Standard of Conduct Determination required under Section 9(b) to be made as promptly as practicable. If the person or persons designated to make the Standard of Conduct Determination under Section 9(b) shall not have made a determination within 30 days after the later of (A) receipt by the Company of a written request from Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 8 (the date of such receipt being the " Notification Date ") and (B) the selection of an Independent Counsel, if such determination is to be made by Independent Counsel, then Indemnitee shall be deemed to have satisfied the applicable standard of conduct; provided that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person or persons making such determination in good faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate information relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement of Indemnitee to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of any Claim. (d) Payment of Indemnification . If, in regard to any Losses: (i) Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 9(a); (ii) no Standard Conduct Determination is legally required as a condition to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder; or (iii) Indemnitee has been determined or deemed pursuant to Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) to have satisfied the Standard of Conduct Determination, then the Company shall pay to Indemnitee, within five days after the later of (A) the Notification Date or (B) the earliest date on which the applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) is satisfied, an amount equal to such Losses. 7 (e) Selection of Independent Counsel for Standard of Conduct Determination . If a Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(i), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board of Directors, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising [him/her] of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(ii), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either case, Indemnitee or the Company, as applicable, may, within five days after receiving written notice of selection from the other, deliver to the other a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not satisfy the criteria set forth in the definition of "Independent Counsel" in Section 1(i), and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person or firm so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is properly and timely made and substantiated, (i) the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit; and (ii) the non-objecting party may, at its option, select an alternative Independent Counsel and give written notice to the other party advising such other party of the identity of the alternative Independent Counsel so selected, in which case the provisions of the two immediately preceding sentences, the introductory clause of this sentence and numbered clause (i) of this sentence shall apply to such subsequent selection and notice. If applicable, the provisions of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to successive alternative selections. If no Independent Counsel that is permitted under the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(e) to make the Standard of Conduct Determination shall have been selected within 20 days after the Company gives its initial notice pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 9(e) or Indemnitee gives its initial notice pursuant to the second sentence of this Section 9(e), as the case may be, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (" Delaware Court ") to resolve any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other's selection of Independent Counsel and/or to appoint as Independent Counsel a person to be selected by the Court or such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person or firm with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person or firm so appointed will act as Independent Counsel. In all events, the Company shall pay all of the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel incurred in connection with the Independent Counsel s determination pursuant to Section 9(b). (f) Presumptions and Defenses. (i) Indemnitee's Entitlement to Indemnification . In making any Standard of Conduct Determination, the person or persons making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable standard of conduct and is entitled to indemnification, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption and establish that Indemnitee is not so entitled. Any Standard of Conduct Determination that is adverse to Indemnitee may be challenged by the Indemnitee in the Delaware Court. No determination by the Company (including by its directors or any Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not satisfied any applicable standard of conduct may be used as a defense to any legal proceedings brought by Indemnitee to secure indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company hereunder or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct. 8 (ii) Reliance as a Safe Harbor . For purposes of this Agreement, and without creating any presumption as to a lack of good faith if the following circumstances do not exist, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company if Indemnitee's actions or omissions to act are taken in good faith reliance upon the records of the Company, including its financial statements, or upon information, opinions, reports or statements furnished to Indemnitee by the officers or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the course of their duties, or by committees of the Board or by any other Person (including legal counsel, accountants and financial advisors) as to matters Indemnitee reasonably believes are within such other Person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company. In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failures to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnity hereunder. (iii) No Other Presumptions . For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, will not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any applicable standard of conduct or have any particular belief, or that indemnification hereunder is otherwise not permitted. (iv) Defense to Indemnification and Burden of Proof . It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to enforce this Agreement (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for Losses incurred in defending against a Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event in advance of its final disposition) that it is not permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for the amount claimed. In connection with any such action or any related Standard of Conduct Determination, the burden of proving such a defense or that the Indemnitee did not satisfy the applicable standard of conduct shall be on the Company. (v) Resolution of Claims . The Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful on the merits or otherwise for purposes of Section 9.1(a)(i) if it permits a party to avoid expense, delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with our without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise for purposes of Section 9.1(a)(i). The Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome this presumption. 9 10. Exclusions from Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated to: (a) indemnify or advance funds to Indemnitee for Expenses or Losses with respect to proceedings initiated by Indemnitee, including any proceedings against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees and not by way of defense, except: (i) proceedings referenced in Section 5 above (unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee in such proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous); or (ii) where the Company has joined in or the Board has consented to the initiation of such proceedings. (b) indemnify Indemnitee if a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction determines that such indemnification is prohibited by applicable law. (c) indemnify Indemnitee for the disgorgement of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, or any similar successor statute. (d) indemnify or advance funds to Indemnitee for Indemnitee's reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation previously received by Indemnitee or payment of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act). 11. Settlement of Claims. The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event effected without the Company's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that if a Change in Control has occurred, the Company shall be liable for indemnification of the Indemnitee for amounts paid in settlement if an Independent Counsel has approved the settlement. The Company shall not settle any Claim related to an Indemnifiable Event in any manner that would impose any Losses on the Indemnitee without the Indemnitee's prior written consent. 10 12. Duration. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period that Indemnitee is a director or officer of the Company (or is serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee or agent of another Enterprise) and shall continue thereafter (i) so long as Indemnitee may be subject to any possible Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event (including any rights of appeal thereto) and (ii) throughout the pendency of any proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) commenced by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret his or her rights under this Agreement, even if, in either case, he or she may have ceased to serve in such capacity at the time of any such Claim or proceeding. 13. Non-Exclusivity. The rights of Indemnitee hereunder will be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Constituent Documents, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, any other contract or otherwise (collectively, " Other Indemnity Provisions "); provided, however, that (a) to the extent that Indemnitee otherwise would have any greater right to indemnification under any Other Indemnity Provision, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder and (b) to the extent that any change is made to any Other Indemnity Provision which permits any greater right to indemnification than that provided under this Agreement as of the date hereof, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder. 14. Liability Insurance. For the duration of Indemnitee's service as a [director/officer] of the Company, and thereafter for so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any pending Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking into account the scope and amount of coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to continue to maintain in effect policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance providing coverage that is at least substantially comparable in scope and amount to that provided by the Company's current policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance. In all policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are provided to the most favorably insured of the Company's directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Company's officers, if Indemnitee is an officer (and not a director) by such policy. Upon request, the Company will provide to Indemnitee copies of all directors' and officers' liability insurance applications, binders, policies, declarations, endorsements and other related materials. 15. No Duplication of Payments. The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to Indemnitee in respect of any Losses to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise received payment under any insurance policy, the Constituent Documents, Other Indemnity Provisions or otherwise of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable by the Company hereunder. 16. Subrogation. In the event of payment to Indemnitee under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 11 17. Amendments. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless in the form of a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of the waiver is sought, and no such waiver shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof. 18. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substances satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 19. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any portion thereof) are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 20. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed, by postage prepaid, certified or registered mail: (a) if to Indemnitee, to the address set forth on the signature page hereto. (b) if to the Company, to: GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Attn: Drew D. Hall, Chief Executive Officer 1983 N Berra Blvd., Tooele, UT 84074 Notice of change of address shall be effective only when given in accordance with this Section. All notices complying with this Section shall be deemed to have been received on the date of hand delivery or on the third business day after mailing. 12 Governing Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, and (c) waive, and agree not to plead or make, any claim that the Delaware Court lacks venue or that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 21. Headings. The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction or interpretation thereof. 22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 13 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. GENFLAT HOLDINGS, INC. By: _____________________ Name: Drew D. Hall Title: Chief Executive Officer INDEMNITEE _____________________ Name: Address:______________ _____________________ _____________________ 14 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 5
 hbr_ex1010.htm
 FORM OF ADVISORY BOARD AGREEMENT
 
 hbr_ex1010.htm EXHIBIT 10.10 Advisory Board Agreement This agreement (the " Agreement ") is made effective as of [_______] 2024 by GenFlat Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the " Company "), and [____________] (the " Advisor "). This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements between the Company and Advisor relating to the subject matter hereof, and any such agreements are null and void. WHEREAS, the Company's Board of Directors (the " Board ") and executive management team Management desires to obtain the advice and counsel of the Advisor regarding the Company's actual or potential business oportunities. WHEREAS, the Board would like to engage the Advisor as an independent contractor to act as an Advisor to the Board and Management, and the Advisor is willing to provide advice and services to the Board and Management on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. WHEREAS, the Company has spent significant time, effort and money to develop certain Confidential Information (as defined herein) which the Company considers vital to its business and goodwill. WHEREAS, the Company wishes to protect and preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information and protect it from misuse. WHEREAS, the Company does not desire to receive from the Advisor any information which is confidential to, or the ownership of which resides in, a third party, whether acquired prior to or subsequent to the Advisor's engagement under this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 1. Service as an Advisor . The Advisor shall serve as an Advisor to the members of the Board and Management on a non-exclusive basis for the term of this Agreement. The Advisor shall perform services hereunder as an independent contractor and not as an employee, agent, joint venture or partner of the Company. The Advisor shall have no power or authority to act for, represent or bind the Company or its affiliates in any manner whatsoever, except as may be expressly agreed on each occasion, in writing, by the Company and the Board. The Advisor agrees to take no action that expresses or implies that the Advisor has such power or authority. 2. Duties . During the term of this Agreement, the Advisor will provide advice and counsel to the members of the Board and Management as may be requested from time to time, including by rendering the services described on Schedule 1 to this Agreement to the Board and Management. The Advisor will report directly to the members of Management, unless otherwise expressly directed by the members of the Board. 3. Term . This Agreement shall have a term of [___] months, provided that either party may terminate the Agreement at any time, with or without reason, by 30 days written notice to the other, and provided further that the provisions of Section 4.2, Section 6, Section 7 and Section 9.2 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. In the event this Agreement is terminated by either party, pro rata fees and unpaid expenses through the termination date shall be paid to the Advisor promptly thereafter. 1 4. Compensation . 4.1 As compensation for the Advisor's services under this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Advisor the compensation described on Schedule 2 to this Agreement. 4.2 The Advisor agrees to pay all federal, state and local taxes applicable to any compensation paid to the Advisor pursuant to this Agreement. The terms and provisions of this Section 4.2 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 5. Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse the Advisor promptly for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Advisor's services, provided that any single expense item in excess of 50 or monthly expense in excess of 500 in the aggregate shall require pre-approval by the Company, and the Advisor shall provide appropriate documentation of all expenses pursuant to applicable Company policy. 6. Indemnification . In the performance of services under this Agreement, the Advisor shall be obligated to act only in good faith, and shall not be liable to the Company for errors in judgment that are not the result of willful misconduct. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold the Advisor harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, expenses, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which the Advisor may become subject (including the costs of any investigation and all reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) or incurred by the Advisor, to the fullest extent lawful, in connection with any pending or threatened litigation, legal claim or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the services rendered by the Advisor under this Agreement; provided, however , that the foregoing indemnity shall not apply to any such losses, claims, related expenses, damages or liabilities arising out of or in connection with the Advisor's willful misconduct or fraud, or material breach this Agreement. The terms and provisions of this Section 6 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 7. Confidential Information; Developments; Non-Solicitation . 7.1 As used in this Agreement, " Confidential Information " means any and all confidential or proprietary technical, trade and business information furnished, in any medium, or disclosed in any form or method, including orally, by the Company to the Advisor, or discovered by the Advisor through any means, including observation, including, but not limited to, information about the Company's employees, officers, directors, suppliers, customers, affiliates, businesses and business relationships; processes and methods, operating technique, practice, course of dealing, plan or strategy, sources of supply, customer lists and markets; sales, profits, pricing, other financial data and know-how; financial projections, business plans, marketing plans, marketing materials, logos and designs; personnel statistics; research; computer hardware and software; current and future products, designs, developments, capabilities, inventions, prototypes, models, drawings, specifications, methods and trade secrets; technical data, inventions, processes, algorithms, formulae, franchises, databases, computer programs, user interfaces, source codes, object codes, architectures and structures, display screens, layouts, development tools and instructions, templates and other trade secrets; and such other information normally understood to be confidential or otherwise designated as such in writing by the Company, as well as information discerned from, based on or relating to any of the foregoing which may be prepared or created by the Advisor. "Confidential Information" shall not include: 2 (a) information that is publicly available as of the date of this Agreement; or (b) information that subsequently becomes publicly available or generally known in the industry through no fault of the Advisor, provided that such information shall be deemed Confidential Information until such time as it becomes publicly available or generally known. 7.2 The Advisor shall retain all Confidential Information in trust for the sole benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns, and shall comply with any and all procedures adopted from time to time to protect and preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential Information. The Advisor shall not at any time, during or after the term of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, divulge, use or permit the use of any Confidential Information, except as required by the Advisor's services under this Agreement. Advisor agrees to employ commercially reasonable steps to protect Confidential Information from unauthorized or inadvertent disclosure, but at a minimum to the same extent as the Advisor protects the Advisor's own confidential information. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement and upon the Company's request during the term of this Agreement, the Advisor shall promptly return any and all tangible Confidential Information (whether written or electronic) to the Company, including all copies, abstracts or derivatives thereof, or destroy such Confidential Information and certify in writing to the Company that it has been destroyed. 7.3 The Company shall own all right, title and interest relating to all inventions, improvements, discoveries, methods, developments, software, and works of authorship, whether patentable or not, which are created, made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Advisor or jointly with others in the course of the Advisor's performance of services under this Agreement or using the Company's Confidential Information (collectively, " Developments "). The Advisor agrees to make full and prompt disclosure to the Company of all Developments and provide all Developments to the Company. Advisor hereby assigns to the Company or its designee all of the Advisor's right, title and interest in and to any and all Developments. The Advisor agrees to cooperate fully with the Company, both during and after the term of this Agreement, with respect to the procurement, maintenance and enforcement of intellectual property rights (both in the United States and foreign countries) relating to any Developments. The Advisor shall sign all documents which may be necessary or desirable in order to protect the Company's rights in and to any Developments, and the Advisor hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each officer of the Company as the Advisor's agent and attorney-in-fact to execute any such documents on the Advisor's behalf, and to take any and all actions as the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Developments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, this Section 7.3 does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information of the Company was used, and which was developed entirely on the Advisor's own time, unless the invention relates to the business of the Company or to the Company's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or the invention results from any work performed by the Advisor for the Company. 3 7.4 The Advisor acknowledges that the Company competes with other businesses that are or could be located anywhere; that the provisions of this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect and preserve the Company's business interests; and that the unauthorized disclosure, use or disposition of any Confidential Information in breach of this Agreement may cause irreparable harm and significant injury for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, the parties agree the Company shall have the right to immediate injunctive relief in the event of any breach or threatened breach of the obligations in this Section 7, without security or bond, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to the Company at law or in equity. The terms and provisions of this Section 7 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 7.5 As additional protection for Confidential Information, Advisor agrees that during the period over which it is providing services under this Agreement, and for one year thereafter, Advisor will not encourage or solicit any employee or consultant of the Company to leave the Company for any reason. 8. Publicity . The Company shall, with prior written approval by the Advisor, have the right to use the name, biography and picture of the Advisor on the Company's website, marketing and advertising materials. 9. Other Relationships . 9.1 During the term of this Agreement, the Advisor shall provide the Company with prior written notice if the Advisor intends to provide any services, as an employee, consultant or otherwise, to any person, company or entity that competes directly with the Company, which written notice shall include the name of the competitor. It is understood that, in such event, the Company will review whether the Advisor's activities are consistent with the Advisor remaining an Advisor to the Company. 9.2 During the period that is 18 months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Advisor shall provide the Company with written notice any time that the Advisor provides any services, as an employee, consultant or otherwise, to any person, company or entity that competes directly with the Company. This Section 9.2 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 9.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company is aware and hereby consents to the Advisor providing services, as an employee, consultant or otherwise, to the following companies: [_______, _________, _______]. 4 10. No Conflicts . The Advisor represents and warrants to the Company that the Advisor is free to enter into this Agreement and the services to be provided pursuant to this Agreement are not in conflict with any other contractual or other obligation to which the Advisor is bound. 11. Notices . Notices are to be delivered in writing, in the case of the Company, to 1983 N Berra Blvd, Tooele, UT 84074, Attention: CEO, and in the case of the Advisor, to [______________], or to such other address as may be given by each party from time to time under this Section. Notices shall be deemed properly given upon personal delivery, the day following deposit by overnight carrier, or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mail. 12. Parties in Interest . This Agreement is made solely for the benefit of the Advisor and the Company, its shareholders, directors and officers. No other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement. 13. Entire Agreement; Amendments; Severability; Counterparts . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties, and supersedes any and all previous agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to the matters set forth in this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived, except in a writing signed by the parties. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision, and if any restriction in this Agreement is found by a court to be unreasonable or unenforceable, then such court may amend or modify the restriction so it can be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. The section headings in this Agreement have been inserted as a matter of convenience of reference and are not a part of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed by electronic signature in any number of counterparts, each of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 14. Applicable Law; Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware. Any and all claims, controversies and causes of action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort or statute, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, including its statutes of limitations, without giving effect to any conflict-of-laws rule that would result in the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction. Any action arising out of this agreement shall be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction located in Davidson County, Tennessee. 15. Authority . This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by and on behalf of the Company and the Advisor. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 5 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. GENFLAT HOLDINGS, INC. By: _____________________ Name: Drew D. Hall Title: CEO [______________________] _____________________ Name: Address:______________ _____________________ _____________________ 6 SCHEDULE 1 DUTIES As an Advisory Board member, you shall: Attend and participate in up to [____] in-person meetings per year. Your attendance at any Board meeting shall be at the Board's invitation only. If you are invited to attend a Board meeting, your status will be as an observer, without any right to vote on matters submitted to a vote of the Board. Participate in up to [____] scheduled advisory calls or meetings with members of the Board or Management. Be available upon reasonable advance notice to provide telephonic guidance and consultation to members of the Board or Management on as as-needed basis. Should the need arise, study and review the business, operations and historical financial performance of the Company and its acquisition targets so as to be able to properly advise members of the Board or Management. [____________________________________________] 7 SCHEDULE 2 COMPENSATION In consideration for the Advisor s services to be rendered under Advisory Board Agreement for the period from [_________] through [_________], the Company shall issue the Advisor named below the following compensation: a. Cash Compensation . While serving as an Advisor, you will receive 5,000 annually, payable on June 30th of each year you are an acting Advisor. You will also be reimbursed for any reasonable, pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with serving on the Advisory Committee in accordance with this Agreement and Company policy. b. Equity Compensation . Subject to Board approval, you will receive non-qualified stock options (the Options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of Company stock. The Options will have an exercise price of 6.00 per share and will vest as follows: 1) Fifty thousand (50,000) options will vest immediately; 2) Twenty-five thousand (25,000) options on the first anniversary of this Agreement, and 3) Twenty-five thousand (25,000) options on the second anniversary of this Agreement, in all cases subject to continued Advisory Committee service as of such vesting dates and pursuant to the Company s standard Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement. Vested stock options must be exercised within ten (10) years of the grant date. The Company shall not be responsible for withholding or paying any income, payroll, Social Security or other federal, state or local taxes, making any insurance contributions, including unemployment or disability, or obtaining worker's compensation insurance on the Advisor's behalf. However, the Company may file informational returns with the appropriate federal and state agencies regarding such payments. The Advisor is solely responsible for the payment of all taxes and contributions on the Advisor's behalf. 8 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-14.1>
 6
 hbr_ex141.htm
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT
 
 hbr_ex141.htm EXHIBIT 14.1 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS for Directors, Officers and Employees September 2024 To All GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Directors, Officers, and Employees: We recognize that the high quality of our employees is our Company s greatest strength. The resourcefulness, professionalism, and dedication of the directors, officers and employees will ensure that we continue to be very competitive in the short term and will be well positioned for ongoing success in the long term. GenFlat Holdings, Inc. (GenFlat Holdings, Inc., the Company, we, and our is committed to the highest standards in all aspects of its business. To confirm that commitment, attached is the Company s new Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which emphasizes integrity, ethics, and fairness, elaborates on many of the legal and ethical principles to which we must all adhere. The Company expects its directors, officers and employees to comply in every respect with all applicable laws and regulations and to conduct the Company s business in a way that protects and promotes our valuable reputation. All Company directors, officers and employees, not only in the United States, but also throughout the world, are responsible for complying with this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 1 Violations of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may result in serious consequences for the violator, including termination of employment. Senior managers will be responsible for ensuring that all employees receive a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth important policy statements which deal with standards of business conduct. As Company employees, we are expected to review these policies periodically and apply their principles to our daily work. Any employee who has questions concerning any aspect of these policies should not hesitate to ask his/her supervisor or other appropriate member of management. Obviously, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics cannot address every conceivable situation we face. It can only set out general legal and ethical principles, and employees and directors must use good judgment in applying them. If any employee, director or officer needs further guidance regarding compliance with applicable laws of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, he or she should contact an attorney in the Legal Department or the Director of the Human Resources Department. Drew D. Hall CEO 1 This Code applies to all of our subsidiaries. 1 Guiding Principles We are committed to being a leader in our field. To that end, we must continuously achieve superior financial and operating results while adhering to the highest standards of business conduct. These unwavering expectations provide the foundation for our commitment to those with whom we interact: Shareholders . We are committed to enhancing the long-term value of the investment dollars entrusted to us by our shareholders. By running the business profitably and responsibly, we expect to enhance shareholders value. Employees . The exceptional quality of our workforce is a valuable competitive edge. To build on this advantage we will strive to hire and retain the most qualified people available and maximize their opportunities for success through training and development. We are committed to maintaining a safe work environment enriched by diversity and characterized by open communication, trust, and fair treatment. Communities . We pledge to be a good corporate citizen in all the places we operate worldwide. We will maintain the highest ethical standards, obey all applicable laws and regulations, and respect local and national cultures. Above all other objectives, we are dedicated to running safe and environmentally responsible operations. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS All directors, officers and employees of our Company and its subsidiaries, in the United States and worldwide (collectively the Company ), are required to conduct business activities and operations in an ethical manner and in compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, Company policies, and the standards set forth in this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ). It is the responsibility of each supervisor to ensure that the employees under his or her supervision understand the laws and policies (including this Code) that apply to such employees, to apply such policies fairly and consistently, and to respond appropriately to any inquiries or reports of suspected violations. It is the responsibility of all directors, officers and employees to comply with this Code and all related policies. Below, we discuss situations that require application of our fundamental principles and promotion of our objectives. If there is a conflict between this Code and a specific procedure, you should consult the Legal Department or Human Resources Department for guidance. Accounting Policies The Company and each of our subsidiaries will make and keep books, records and accounts, which in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly present the transactions and disposition of the assets of our Company. Accounting procedures and controls are prescribed by, among other things, Company policies. Within these policies, the senior officers of the operating companies have the primary responsibility for establishing and monitoring adequate systems of internal accounting and controls, and all employees must adhere to these controls. The Company s management and auditors monitor and document compliance with these internal controls. Employees shall cooperate completely and forthrightly with the Company s internal and independent auditors. Conflicts of Interest Employees of the Company have a primary business responsibility to the Company and must avoid any activity that may interfere, or have the appearance of interfering or conflicting, with the performance of this responsibility. Business decisions must be based solely on the best interests of the Company, without regard to personal, family or other extraneous considerations. Conflicts of interest can arise when an employee s position or responsibilities with the Company present an opportunity for gain apart from the normal rewards of employment. They can also arise when an employee s personal or family interests are, or may be viewed as being, inconsistent with those of the Company and therefore as creating conflicting loyalties. Such conflicting loyalties can cause an employee to give preference to personal interests, either internal or external, in situations where Company responsibilities come first. 2 No employee may personally benefit from his or her employment with the Company except through compensation or other approved benefits (including Company securities) received directly from the Company. This prohibition does not apply to discounts offered by merchants that are generally available to all employees of the Company. The appearance of a conflict of interest can be as damaging to the Company as an actual conflict. Employees should conduct themselves at all times so as to avoid apparent conflicts. Any employee who believes he or she may have a conflict of interest should disclose it immediately to, and seek guidance from their immediate supervisor or an attorney in the Legal Department. The Company s Legal Department has sufficient authority to adequately deal with conflict of interest transactions, including the authority to disclose such transactions (or potential transactions) to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and, if necessary, to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Corporate Opportunities No employee of the Company may take personal advantage or obtain personal gain from an opportunity learned of or discovered during the course and scope of his or her employment when that opportunity or discovery could be of benefit or interest to the Company. Likewise, no employee may use Company property, information or position for personal gain. Confidentiality In the normal course of business, there will be instances in which employees may be entrusted with confidential or privileged information. That information most often will involve facts, plans or other aspects of the Company s business that are not in the public domain and will, on occasion, involve information that has been entrusted to the Company by others with whom the Company has a relationship. Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to the Company, if disclosed. Each of us should do our best to ensure that proprietary information is protected from unauthorized disclosure or inappropriate use. Fair Dealing It is our policy that each director, officer and employee will endeavor to deal fairly with the Company s suppliers, competitors and employees. No one should take unfair advantage of another through improper manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other deceptive practice. Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets Company employees must protect the Company s assets and ensure their efficient use for legitimate business purposes. Each employee is personally accountable for Company funds and property over which he or she has control. No Company funds or other property shall be used for any unlawful purpose, such as to secure special privileges or benefits through the payment of bribes or other illegal payments. No employee may engage in any act that involves theft, fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation or wrongful conversion of any property, including Company property, regardless of whether or not such act could result in a criminal proceeding. This prohibition includes unauthorized use of the Company s communications equipment, computers and related facilities or other Company assets. While on Company business, employees must also adhere to the Company travel policy, including all policies and procedures relating to expense reporting and reimbursement. Company employees working outside the United States must comply with all applicable tax and currency control laws of the principal country in which they work in addition to applicable laws of the United States. No such employee residing abroad shall be paid any commission or any other part of his or her compensation elsewhere than in his or her country of residence if the Company has knowledge that such payment would violate any local income tax or exchange control laws. The same goes for any payments to third parties for goods and services; no such payments should be made to a third party in a country other than that in which the party resides, maintains a place of business or has rendered the services for which payment is made if the company has knowledge that such a payment method would violate any local income tax or exchange laws. 3 Dealing with Government Officials All dealings with government officials, including, but not limited to lobbying, political contributions to candidates, meeting with government agencies, shall be done in accordance with all applicable national, state and local laws and regulations in each country in which the Company conducts business. No employee shall offer or promise a payment or reward of any kind, directly or indirectly, to any federal, state or local government official in order to secure preferential treatment for the Company or its employees. No employee shall offer or promise a payment or reward of any kind, directly or indirectly, to a federal, state or local government official for or because of an official act performed or to be performed by that official. No employee shall offer or promise any federal, state or local government official gifts, entertainment, gratuities, meals, lodging, travel or similar items that are designed to influence such officials. It is the policy of the Company to cooperate fully with all legal and reasonable government investigations. Accordingly, Company employees shall comply with any and all lawful requests from government investigators and, consistent with preserving the Company s legal rights, shall cooperate in lawful government inquiries. No employee shall make a false or misleading written or oral statement to a government official with regard to any matter involving a government inquiry into Company matters. Employees should contact an attorney in the Legal Department when presented with any such government request or inquiry. Employees with questions about contacts with government officials should seek guidance from an attorney in the Legal Department. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act With respect to the Company s operations outside the United States, all employees must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the United States. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act sets forth requirements for the Company s relationships with non-U.S. government representatives. As a United States based company, the Company is required to adhere to all standards set forth in the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act regardless of the nationality of the individual acting on behalf of the Company. First, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act sets forth financial recording requirements. It requires that the Company maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions, that the Company maintain a system of internal accounting controls to ensure that assets are safeguarded, that transactions conform to management s authorizations and that the Company s accounting records are accurate. No individual may falsely report transactions or fail to report the existence of false documentation in the accounting records. An example of such improper documentation would be the disguising of an illegal bribe as a consulting fee. Individuals certifying the correctness of records, including vouchers or bills, must have a reasonable basis to believe that the information is correct and proper. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act also requires that U.S. business relations with foreign government representatives conform to the standards that exist in the U.S., even if a different business ethic is prevalent in the other country. Accordingly, no person or enterprise acting on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, may offer a gift, payment or bribe, or anything else of value, whether directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, foreign political party or party official, or candidate for foreign political office for the purpose of influencing an official act or decision, or seeking influence with a foreign government in order to obtain, retain or direct business to the Company or to any person. In short, such activity cannot be used to improve the business environment for the Company in any way. Thus, even if such payment is customary and generally thought to be legal in the host country, it is forbidden by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and violates U.S. law, unless it is: (1) expressly authorized by a written law of the host country; or (2) a reasonable and bona fide expenditure, such as travel and lodging expenses that is directly related to the promotion, demonstration or explanation of products or services; or the execution or performance of a contract with a foreign government or government agency. 4 As in the case under U.S. law, even inexpensive gifts to government or political party officials, such as tickets to sporting events, may be prohibited under foreign local law and therefore could constitute a violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If questions arise with respect to expenses to be incurred on behalf of foreign officials, consult with the Legal Department before the Company pays or agrees to pay such expenses. Some expediting payments are authorized under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Such payments must be directly related to non-discretionary conduct by lower legal bureaucrats and unrelated to efforts by a company to obtain significant concessions, permits or approvals. Examples include permits relating to qualifying to do business in a foreign country, processing of visas and work orders, obtaining police protection, mail delivery, scheduled inspections (such as building inspections), inspections of goods, telephone, power and water service, or loading and unloading of cargo. Such payments do not include payments of any kind relating to terms of continuing or new business agreements. Consult with the Legal Department at the corporate headquarters and/or the Company s retained outside legal counsel in any country where the Company or its subsidiaries are conducting business with regard to any proposed expediting payment. A violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act can result in criminal charges against the Company, its officers, its directors and the individuals directly and/or indirectly committing the violation, regardless of the person s nationality. Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations All directors, officers and employees must comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and with the provisions of this Code. Ultimately, our conduct is our own responsibility. We should never commit dishonest, destructive, or illegal acts even if directed to do so by a supervisor or co-worker, nor should we direct others to act improperly. In all our business relationships, we must comply with the domestic and foreign laws and regulations affecting our business. These laws include, but are not limited to, federal and state securities and business laws (including those of the Securities and Exchange Commission), Antitrust laws, Export Control and Import laws, Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action laws, and Environment, Health Safety laws. It would be impossible to summarize here all the laws, rules and regulations with which the Company and its employees must comply. This Code refers to only a few of them. Any employee with questions about his or her obligations under applicable laws in the United States or any other country in which the company conducts business should seek advice from his or her supervisor or an attorney in the Legal Department. Securities and Insider Trading The Company is committed to complying with all federal and state securities laws and regulations. These laws, along with the rules of the NASDAQ, the New York Stock Exchange, and other trading mediums, including OTC Markets, impose certain obligations on publicly held corporations and the persons associated with them. It is important that employees in no way compromise the position of the Company with the disclosure leaking or tipping of non-public information to outsiders or to other employees who do not require the information in the performance of their duties. No employee with knowledge of non-public inside information should use the information for his or her own benefit. This means that no employee may disclose non-public information to outsiders nor may they trade in Company securities when he or she has knowledge of material inside information except for regular purchases under the Company s employee benefit plans. Material information is any information that an investor might consider important in deciding whether to buy, sell or hold securities. Examples of some types of material information are financial results, financial forecasts, possible mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, other purchases or sales of or investments in companies, obtaining or losing important contracts, important product developments, major litigation developments and major changes in business direction. 5 Information is considered to be non-public unless it has been adequately disclosed to the public. Examples of effective disclosure include public filings with securities regulatory authorities and issuance of press releases. The information must not only be disclosed; there must also be adequate time for the market as a whole to digest the information. Pursuant to the Company s Policy With Respect to Trading in the Company s Securities, the Company s executive officers and directors are obligated to have all transactions in Company securities pre-cleared by the Company s General Counsel or a designated attorney in the Legal Department. Disclosure and Public Communications The Company will apply standards of full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that are filed with or submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission and other government agencies. External statements to the general public by the Company should be clear and consistent to ensure that the general public is accurately informed of the Company s business positions. Therefore, all statements to the general public should be coordinated and made by our Public Relations Department. Similarly, all communications with investors or financial analysts should be coordinated through the Investor Relations Department. Community Support and Political Activities We believe in contributing to the well-being of local and regional communities. Participation in community activities outside of business hours is respected and the Company encourages participation in programs to facilitate community volunteer work by employees. However, when participating in community activities that are not specifically sponsored by the Company, employees are participating in their individual capacity and not as representatives of the Company, and should not give the impression that they are acting for the Company. The Company complies fully with all federal, state, local and foreign laws governing the contribution of funds or assets to candidates for political office or to political parties. Under U.S. federal law, we may not contribute corporate funds or make in-kind corporate contributions to candidates for federal office and no employee or agent may approve such contributions on behalf of the Company. The Company supports employee participation in the political process. Employees, however, are prohibited from using their positions with the Company, or the Company s assets, to try to influence the personal decisions of others to contribute to, or otherwise support, political parties or candidates. Safety and Health Workplace safety and health are paramount concerns and are conditions of employment at the Company worldwide. Employees must adhere to applicable health and safety laws and regulations and all related Company policies designed to ensure safe working conditions. Employees are responsible for working safely and are expected to participate actively in training and in identifying and alerting management to potential hazards and unsafe practices. The senior management of each operating business is responsible for adopting appropriate policies and procedures to ensure workplace safety in accordance with all applicable national and local laws, and for ensuring compliance with Company-wide policies regarding health and safety. 6 Employee Relations It is the Company s policy and practice not to discriminate against any employee because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, or physical or other disability. The Company desires to create a challenging and supportive environment where individual contributions and teamwork are highly valued. In order to establish such an environment, all individuals are responsible for supporting the Company s equal employment opportunity policies. Within each country where the Company operates, it shall adhere to all applicable laws, including applicable employment laws. Environmental The Company is committed to full compliance with national, state and local environmental laws and regulations at all operating facilities in the United States and worldwide. The Company s environmental obligations include, but are not limited to, obtaining and maintaining all environmental permits and approvals required for the conduct of the Company s operations, the proper handling, storage and disposal of regulated materials and timely and accurate submission of required reports to the proper government agencies. Employees are expected to understand and act in accordance with their obligations under environmental laws, including any new or modified obligations as they are established. Employees must report suspected violations of those laws to their supervisors. It shall be the obligation of all supervisors to investigate any reported violation and to ensure that timely and effective remedial action is taken where appropriate. Amendments and Modification of this Code There shall be no amendment or modification to this Code except by a vote of the Board of Directors or a designated board committee that will ascertain whether an amendment or modification is appropriate. In case of any amendment or modification of this Code that applies to an officer or director of the Company, the amendment or modification shall be posted on the company s website within two days of the board vote or shall be otherwise disclosed as required by applicable law or the rules of the NASDAQ, the New York Stock Exchange, or other trading medium rules. Notice posted on the website shall remain there for a period of 12 months and shall be retained in the Company s files as required by law. Compliance and Reporting The Company has appointed a committee (the Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee ), or in the absence of such a committee the entire Board, to ensure that this Code and the Company s related policies will govern the business activities of all Company employees. Any employee who has questions about this Code or how it applies in particular circumstances is encouraged to seek guidance from his or her supervisor, an attorney in the Legal Department or any member of the Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee. In order to facilitate the reporting of noncompliance under this policy, the Company s Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee has established the following procedures for reporting any noncompliance by any of these four methods: 1. Reporting any suspected noncompliance with this policy to their supervisor; or 2. Reporting the suspected noncompliance in writing and sending it directly to: Board of Directors GenFlat Holdings, Inc. 1983 N Berra Blvd. Tooele, Utah 84074 General Counsel shall forward a copy of the same to the Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee; or 7 3. Report the suspected noncompliance on a confidential, anonymous basis to the Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee through regular mail marked CONFIDENTIAL and addressed as follows: Board of Directors GenFlat Holdings, Inc. 1983 N Berra Blvd. Tooele, Utah 84074 Whichever reporting method you use, the complaint should be factual rather than speculative or conclusory, and should contain as much specific information as possible to allow for proper assessment. The complaint describing an alleged violation of the Code should be candid and set forth all of the information that you know regarding the allegation or concern. In addition, all complaints must contain sufficient corroborating information to support the commencement of an investigation. The Company may, in its reasonable discretion, determine not to commence an investigation if a complaint contains only unspecified or broad allegations of wrongdoing without appropriate information support. The Company will promptly undertake an investigation into any report that it receives. The investigation will be sufficient in size and scope to address the report, and will be handled discreetly and with due sensitivity to all persons involved in the investigation. If requested, and to the extent possible, the Company will keep the identity of the reporting employee and all disclosures made in accordance with this Code confidential. No employee will be subject to any disciplinary or retaliatory action for reasonably and in good faith reporting any suspected violation. If an employee believes that a supervisor to whom a suspected violation has been reported has not taken appropriate action, the employee should report their concerns or complaints in writing directly to: Board of Directors GenFlat Holdings, Inc. 1983 N Berra Blvd. Tooele, Utah 84074 and/or to any member of the Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee. Any director who learns of or suspects violations of this Code, or other improper behavior, will promptly advise the Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee of the Board, who will conduct or direct an appropriate investigation. A report of the investigation will be provided to the Board of Directors and action will be taken, as appropriate. The Board of Directors (and not the Corporate Governance and Directors Nominating Committee) is the only body authorized to waive compliance with this Code as it relates to any executive officer or director of the Company. With respect to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Board of Directors also has the authority to investigate (or supervise the investigation of) alleged violations of this Code and to determine the appropriate consequences for violations by such individuals. Anonymous Reporting If you wish to report a suspected violation of this Code anonymously, you may contact the Legal Department. The Company will not disclose the identity of any employee who reports a violation of this Code without his or her permission, unless disclosure is unavoidable during an investigation. 8 CODE OF ETHICS FOR THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS This Code of Ethics applies only to the Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer or Controller Senior Financial Officers ). Because the equity shares of the Company will become publicly traded, and to ensure full, fair, timely and understandable disclosure in the Company s periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), the CEO and Senior Financial Officers are held to an especially high set of ethical standards, which are in addition to any other Code of Business Conduct and Ethics the Company may adopt for its employees. These standards are described below: 1. The CEO and Senior Financial Officers are responsible for full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in the periodic reports, which are required to be filed by the Company with the SEC. Accordingly, it is the responsibility of the CEO and each Senior Financial Officer promptly to bring to the attention of the Disclosure Committee, or in the absence of such a committee the entire Board, any material information of which he or she may become aware that affects the disclosures made by the company in its public filings or otherwise assist the Disclosure Committee in fulfilling its responsibilities. 2. The CEO and each Senior Financial Officer shall promptly bring to the attention of the Disclosure Committee and the Audit committee any information he or she may have concerning (a) significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. 3. The CEO and each Senior Financial Officer shall promptly bring to the attention of the Chairman of the Board or the CEO and to the Audit Committee any information he or she may have concerning any violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including any actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, involving any management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. 4. The CEO and each Senior Financial Officer shall promptly bring to the attention of the Chairman of the Board or the CEO and to the Audit Committee any information he or she may have concerning evidence of a material violation of the securities or other laws, rules or regulations applicable to the Company and the operation of its business, by the Company or any agent thereof, or of violation of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or of these additional procedures. 5. The Board of Directors shall determine, or designate appropriate persons to determine, appropriate actions to be taken in the event of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or of these additional procedures by the CEO and the Company s Senior Financial Officers. Such actions shall be reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and to these additional procedures, and shall include written notices to the individual involved that the Board has determined that there has been a violation, censure by the Board, demotion or re-assignment of the individual involved, suspension with or without pay or benefits (as determined by the Board) and termination of the individual s employment. In determining what action is appropriate in a particular case, the Board of Directors or such designee shall take into account all relevant information, including the nature and severity of the violation, whether the violation was a single occurrence or repeated occurrences, whether the violation appears to have been intentional or inadvertent, whether the individual in question had been advised prior to the violation as to the proper course of action and whether or not the individual in question had committed other violations in the past. 6. The CEO and each Senior Financial Officer shall carefully review a draft of each periodic report for accuracy and completeness before it is filed with the SEC. 7. Establish appropriate systems and procedures to ensure that business transactions are recorded on the Company s books in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, established company policy, and appropriate regulatory pronouncements and guidelines. 9 8. Establish appropriate policies and procedures for the protection and retention of accounting records and information as required by applicable law, regulation, or regulatory guidelines. 9. Establish and administer disclosure and financial accounting controls and procedures that are appropriate to ensure the integrity of the financial reporting process and the availability of timely, relevant information for the safe, sound and profitable operation of the Company and to ensure that material information is included in each periodic report during the period in which the periodic report is being prepared. 10. Meeting with members of senior management, division heads, accounting staff and others involved in the disclosure process to discuss their comments on the draft periodic reports. 11. Consult with the Audit Committee to determine whether the Audit Committee has identified any weaknesses or concerns with respect to internal controls. 12. Confirm that neither the Company s internal auditor nor its independent auditors are aware of any material misstatements or omissions in the draft periodic reports, or have any concerns about the management s discussion and analysis section of the periodic reports. 10 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 hbr_ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES
 
 hbr_ex211.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT Parent Company GenFlat Holdings, Inc. Delaware Subsidiaries Genflat, Inc. Delaware Collapsible Revolution, LLC Wyoming Suboceanic Genflat, LLC Utah 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 hbr_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hbr_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Drew Hall, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GenFlat Holdings, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: September 30, 2024 /s/ Drew D. Hall Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 hbr_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hbr_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Drew Hall, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GenFlat Holdings, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: September 30, 2024 /s/ Drew D. Hall Drew D. Hall Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 hbr_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hbr_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVEOFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THESARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Drew D. Hall, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of GenFlat Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of GenFlat Holdings, Inc. /s/ Drew D. Hall Drew D. Hall Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: September 30, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 hbr_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hbr_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THESARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Drew D. Hall, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of GenFlat Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of GenFlat Holdings, Inc. /s/ Drew D. Hall Drew D. Hall Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date: September 30, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 hbr-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 hbr-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 hbr-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 hbr-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

