<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241016_10-K_edgar_data_1331612_0001477932-24-006452.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6475911</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182610</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1108900</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1721860</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1288158</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1980629</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-006452.hdr.sgml : 20241016
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015183552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-006452
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241016
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001331612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PROFESSIONAL & COMMERCIAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				331130446
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51390
		FILM NUMBER:		241372975

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2310 YORK ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLUE ISLAND
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		708-925-9424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2310 YORK ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLUE ISLAND
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fresh Harvest Products, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Serino 1, Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Serion 1, Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-006452.txt : 20241016

10-K
 1
 imth_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

imth_10k.htm 
 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Mark One ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to _________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 1000 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) , , Telephone: ) (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Not applicable. Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.000001 par value (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No On December 31, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTC Link alternative trading system (ATS) of 1.23. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5 or more of its common stock are deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. The number of the registrant s shares of common stock outstanding was as of October 15, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. Item 1. Description of Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 13 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 13 Item 2. Properties 13 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 15 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 16 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 18 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 18 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 27 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 28 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 28 Item 9B. Other Information 29 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 30 Item 11. Executive Compensation 33 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 35 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 38 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 39 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 40 Signatures 41 Exhibits 2 Table of Contents FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the words we, us, our, the Company, Innovative MedTech or Innovative in this Annual Report on Form 10-K collectively refers to Innovative MedTech, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and its subsidiaries. The information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements relating to the Company, within the meaning of Rule 175 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Sections 3b-6 and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. This report contains information that may be deemed forward-looking, that is based largely on the Company s current expectations, and is subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Among such risks, trends and other uncertainties, which in some instances are beyond its control, may be the Company s ability to generate cash flows and maintain liquidity sufficient to service its debt, and comply with or obtain amendments or waivers of the financial covenants contained in its credit facilities, if necessary. Other risks and uncertainties include the impact of continuing adverse economic conditions, potential changes in the adult day care industry, energy costs, interest rates and the availability of credit, labor costs, legislative and regulatory rulings and other results of operations or financial conditions, increased capital and other costs, competition and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company s publicly filed documents. The words may , will , would , could , believes , expects , anticipates , intends , plans , projects , considers and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are made as of the date of this report. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for Innovative MedTech, Inc. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Description of Business Corporate Background Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company was originally formed on April 21, 2005, in New Jersey as Serino 1, Corp., . On December 16, 2005, the Company merged with Fresh Harvest Products, Inc., and then changed its name to Fresh Harvest Products, Inc., and began operating as a natural and organic food and beverage company. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired two companies, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. (collectively SarahCare ), an adult day care center franchisor and provider. With 25 centers (1 corporate and 24 franchise locations) located in 13 states, SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities focusing on meeting their physical and medical needs on a daily basis, and ranging from nursing care to salon services and providing meals, to offering engaging and enriching activities to allow them to continue to lead active and engaged lives. On June 1, 2022, the Company announced that Dr. Merle Griff, SarahCare s Founder and CEO, would also be CEO of the Company. On April 18, 2024, Dr. Griff was terminated from her position as CEO. General Overview Description of Business The Company is a provider of health and wellness services, and has two divisions: technology and devices and Adult Day Services. The Company s technology and devices division has signed a distribution agreement with 2 products: a high detection vein visualization device and an Oral Thrush product, and the company s wholly owned subsidiary SarahCare, an adult day care center franchisor with 2 corporate owned centers and 24 franchise locations across the United States. SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities ranging from exercise and medical needs daily to nursing care and salon services. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired SarahCare for a total of 3,718,833; 2,000,110 was paid in cash and the Company assumed approximately 393,885 in debt due to sellers, and the remaining is payable through a royalty fee liability due in the amount of 1,500,000. With 25 centers (1 corporate and 24 franchise locations) located in 13 states, SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities focusing on meeting their physical and medical needs on a daily basis, and ranging from nursing care to salon services and providing meals, to offering engaging and enriching activities to allow them to continue to lead active and engaged lives. On or about December 29, 2023, the Company entered into a Distribution License Agreement (the Distribution License Agreement with Radical Clean Solutions Ltd., a Nevada corporation RCS which has developed several air cleaning devices that send out atmospheric hydroxyls to attach to either pathogens or VOCs, and then neutralize them, whether in the air or on surfaces, and which seek to mimic natural outdoor atmospheric hydroxyl. The Distribution License Agreement gave the Company the right to distribute the RCS products in the following markets within the USA and Canada: (a) military, FEMA, and medical facilities (emergency room, urgent care, hospital, and outpatient clinic facilities), (b) adult day and nursing homes, (c) municipal pet shelters, zoos, equestrian and other veterinary facilities, (d) transportation hubs (via TSA Policy ordinances), and (e) educational facilities, and provided that the Company meets minimum sales requirements with respect to those RCS products, the Company s distribution rights shall be exclusive in those markets. On February 16, 2024, the Company s Distribution License Agreement (the Agreement with Radical Clean Solutions Ltd. RCS was terminated by RCS for a material breach of non-payment, as the Company did not pay its initial deposit, which was due 40 days from the execution of the Agreement. The Company requested an extension and/or an amendment to a non-exclusive Agreement, but RCS did not agree to such a request. 4 Table of Contents On or about April 16, 2024, the Company entered into a distribution agreement (the "Agreement") with Near Infrared Imaging, Inc. ("NII") for Vein-Eye Carry, a patent-pending vein illumination technology which employs advanced optics and real-time imaging to precisely identify veins, reducing the need for multiple attempts and enhancing procedural accuracy. The Agreement gives the Company the non-exclusive right to distribute NII's product(s) with no limitations on the territory. NII's Vein-Eye Carry is a Class 1, 510-k exempt medical device, is TAA and FAR compliant, and is designed, engineered and manufactured in the U.S. The Vein-Eye Carry is lightweight and portable and can be successfully carried into a home, up flights of stairs, carried into a clinic nursing home, placed in an ambulance or another emergency medical vehicle. On or about May 17, 2024, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the Exclusive License Agreement with Shear Kershman Labs, a Missouri corporation SKL ). SKL has developed Oral Thrush, a mouth wash that treats oral thrush, a condition in which a fungus, Candida albicans, accumulates on the lining of the mouth and sometimes overgrows and causes symptoms, such as creamy white lesions, usually on the tongue or inner cheeks. Under the Exclusive License Agreement, SKL will form a subsidiary to distribute Oral Thrush, the Company shall become an 80 owner of the subsidiary, and the Company will issue 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to SKL. Overview and Mission Our mission is to be one of the market leaders in the adult day care center market and to be a leader in related technologies in the health and wellness category. We believe that this is a fragmented market, and this is an opportune time to consolidate and grow our SarahCare brand. We have an experienced management team of adult day care industry and financial markets executives that have strong relationships in the industry. Operational Overview SarahCare, our wholly owned subsidiary SarahCare has been providing health-care related services and companionship for older adults, aged 60 and above, and for adults aged 18-60 who are in need of health-related care and supervision (a SARAH Business since February 1985. In 1985, the very first SarahCare Center opened its doors in Canton, Ohio. Originally called S.A.R.A.H. (Senior Adult Recreation and Health), the facility was one of the first intergenerational sites in the U.S. The senior adult day care center was located next to a child day care center and served as a training and research site for the development of other unique intergenerational programs across the country. Eventually, directors transitioned S.A.R.A.H. s name to Sarah Center and, finally, to SarahCare demonstrating the philosophy of care administered to our seniors and their families. We grant franchises for the operation of a SARAH Business. A SARAH Business provides non-medical care for elderly individuals and others in need of health-related care and supervision who desire compassionate care and stimulating activity in a secure, structured environment. We provide service that offers an effective solution for individuals who are in need of support services in order to continue living in their communities. Currently, SarahCare operates 25 unique locations in the United States (24 franchised locations and 1 corporate owned center) and internationally in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia. Center members who visit any one of our locations across 13 states are offered daytime care and activities ranging from exercise and health-care related needs on a daily basis to nursing care and salon services. Visitors benefit from additional services that include specialized dietary menus and engaging social activities allowing them to continue to lead active and enriched lives. SarahCare now extends home care services to families enrolled in our day program. SarahCare at Home provides families with a team of caregivers already familiar with their needs, routines, and health concerns. By offering consistent care and communication through the same team for both day program and at-home services, families can be assured that their loved ones receive seamless support. 5 Table of Contents Accreditation SarahCare s two corporate-owned centers have achieved accreditation through the Aging Services division of CARF, an independent, non-profit accreditor of health and human services. Through accreditation, CARF assists service providers in improving the quality of their services, demonstrating value, and meeting internationally recognized organizational and program standards. The accreditation process applies sets of standards to service areas and business practices during an on-site survey. Accreditation, however, is an ongoing process, signaling to the public that a service provider is committed to continuously improving services, encouraging feedback, and serving the center. Accreditation also demonstrates a provider s commitment to enhance its performance, manage its risk, and distinguish its service delivery. Who We Care For We have trained staff including nurses who specialize in caring for those with various impairments and health related problems, including but not limited to: frailty and physical dependence, memory impairment, stroke and Parkinson s disease, chronic diseases, and isolation and depression. Nursing assistants and other trained staff are always there to assist participants in ambulating and moving through all of our activities throughout the day. Activities are adapted for specific physical challenges so that no one ever feels left out. Yes, seniors who are wheelchair bound are very welcome in our centers. We handle a loved one s challenging issues with care and consideration. If a loved one is wheelchair bound, multiple staff members are available at any given time if they need the assistance of more than one person. If a loved one needs help with toileting and/or bathing, we have specially trained staff to assist them. Our bathing areas are designed to give them as much privacy and dignity as possible. Activities - Our centers offer versatile daily services and activities. Some of the benefits included in our daily fee are: NURSING - licensed nursing staff under the supervision of an RN for better care of chronic diseases FOOD - delicious catered meals with special diets accommodated ACTIVITIES - customized to your loved one s interests and abilities SOCIALIZATION - be with friends, remain active, and enjoy the day Nursing Services - While our participants enjoy their day at SarahCare, our center nurses provide the care and monitoring they need on a regular basis. Care is provided in the privacy of our nurse s clinic. Our centers are staffed with qualified Registered and/or Licensed nurses. They are often specially certified and trained to work with issues related to aging and the elderly and are passionate about caring for seniors. Nursing services that are offered include: Medication administration and oversight Weight and vital signs monitored and recorded regularly Diabetic care Care of feeding tubes and ostomies Dressing changes Other services needed by you or your loved one or as ordered by a physician 6 Table of Contents Meals We offer delicious and nutritious meals at no extra cost. Meals are the perfect time for friends to socialize and celebrate, sharing memories and exchanging jokes. Our beautiful dining rooms and delicious food help turn each meal into a special event. A light breakfast, a delicious catered lunch, and afternoon snack are all included in the daily rate. Special diets are easily accommodated and assistance at meal time is always available. I ntergenerational - Our intergenerational program brings together seniors and children in a safe and engaging environment. Grandparents and grandchildren have so much to share and can be a great source of joy to each other, yet they rarely have these opportunities. SarahCare intergenerational programs bring both generations together in a structured environment where they can learn from each other sharing their feelings, ideas, skills, and affection. Unlike other informal and casual get-togethers, our intergenerational program was scientifically designed and researched to encourage these interactions and allow our seniors to participate fully from disabled and frail elders to sufferers of dementia and Parkinson s. Customized Programs - Home Care - A participant s time with SarahCare s specially-trained staff doesn t have to stop at the end of the day. Some seniors who are still living independently at home may require assistance during evenings and weekends, when they can t spend time at the center. Or, if a loved one resides with their family, occurrences may come up that require the family to be away from home during an evening or weekend when your senior requires care. Franchisees - Our franchisees pay us a variety of royalties and fees. Typical locations are commercial or professional office locations convenient to working caregivers. The approximate size of a SARAH Business facility is 5,000-6,000 square feet. Rent is estimated to be 96,000- 140,000 annually depending on size, condition and location of leased premises. State and Federal Licenses. Both the company owned centers and the franchise centers acquire the required licenses prior to opening in their respective states. Not all states, such as Ohio, require a license to operate an ADHC (Adult Day Health Center), while other states, such as Pennsylvania, have strict licensing regulations. If a center wants to accept Medicaid participants, then they must complete the Medicaid certification process. The VA (Veterans Affairs) has their own standards and survey process in order to obtain an agreement/contract with the VA. All of these programs are administered by individual states. Every center follows the regulations as interpreted by the VA center in the specific area in which their center is located. The federal program the Child Adult Food Care Program (CACFP) is for the reimbursement of food, and is administered by the Department of Agriculture. If a center wants to utilize CACFP, then they must complete the Department of Agriculture s application and survey process. All centers are surveyed annually by their state licensing department (if applicable), Medicaid, the VA, the CACFP (if applicable) and any additional funding source they may be using. In addition, most centers are surveyed by their local Health and Fire Departments annually. 7 Table of Contents Goods and Services One Must Acquire From An Approved Supplier Or In Accordance With Our Standards and Specifications The trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos must be properly depicted on any brochures, business cards and stationery, signage, forms, and public relations materials you purchase for use in your operation of the SARAH Business. These items, and other products, supply items and services, may be purchased from any source; however, we retain the right to, at any time in the future, condition the right to buy or lease goods and/or services on their meeting minimum standards and specifications and/or being acquired from suppliers we specifically designate or approve. We may issue and modify standards from time to time and enumerate them in our Operations Manual or other communications. A Franchisee must purchase software to be used in the operation of the SARAH Business from a designated supplier. They may acquire certain pre-approved social media channels and online content for the SARAH Business only through us or our designated supplier. (Currently our System standards include Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, and LinkedIn and no other channels, as approved social media outlets through which SARAH Businesses may be promoted.) A Franchisee must use the e-mail accounts we provide to you. We also currently recommend that they use our approved suppliers for: real estate site selection services; furniture, fixtures and equipment; marketing materials; computer software, and printing services. Otherwise, there currently are no goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer hardware, real estate, or comparable items related to establishing or operating the SARAH Business that you must buy from us, our affiliate, or an approved supplier. None of our officers currently owns an interest in any supplier to SARAH Businesses. If a Franchisee wants to purchase or lease any product, supply, item or service from a supplier or provider that we have not already approved, they must first obtain our approval. They may request our approval by providing us with a sample of the item they would like us to approve. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Franchisee within 30 days after receiving all samples and any other requested information or specifications, whether they are authorized to purchase or lease the product or service from that supplier or provider. We do not charge a fee for engaging in this approval process. In the event we receive rebates from any suppliers to our franchisees, these funds will be used for marketing and promotional purposes. We estimate that, collectively, the purchases and leases you obtain according to our specifications or from approved or designated suppliers represent between 2.5 -7.5 of your total purchases and leases in connection with the establishment and operation of the SARAH Business. During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, we did not receive any rebates or other payments from suppliers based on their sales to franchisees and neither we nor our affiliates sold or leased any products or services to franchisees. Insurance Besides these purchases or leases, a potential Franchisee must obtain and maintain, at their own expense, the insurance coverage that we periodically require and satisfy other insurance-related obligations. They currently must obtain the following insurance: (i) comprehensive commercial general liability insurance, including bodily injury, property damage, personal injury, products and completed operations liability coverage with a combined single limit of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injuries, 1,000,000 per occurrence for property damage and 2,000,000 annual aggregate, (ii) workers compensation and employer s liability insurance to meet statutory requirements of that of operation where the SARAH Business is located; (iii) commercial property insurance at replacement value, including fire, vandalism, and extended coverage insurance with primary and excess limits of not less than the full replacement value of the SARAH Business and its furniture, fixtures and equipment; (iv) automobile liability insurance for all owned, non-owned and hired automobiles with a single coverage limit of not less than 1,000,000; (v) other insurance as may be required by the state or locality in which the SARAH Business is located and operated; and (vi) professional liability insurance of not less than 1,000,000. All of the policies they maintain must contain the minimum coverage described above and must have deductibles not to exceed the amounts we specify. Each of the insurance policies must be issued by an insurance company of recognized responsibility and satisfactory to us. We may periodically increase the amounts of coverage required under these insurance policies and/or require different or additional insurance coverages at any time. The commercial general liability, automobile, and umbrella insurance policies must list us as additional insured parties and provide for 30 days prior written notice to us in the event of a policy s material modification, cancellation, or expiration. They must furnish us with a copy of your Certificate of Insurance within 10 business days upon receipt of your Occupancy Permit for the SARAH Business. If they fail or refuse to obtain or maintain the insurance we specify, in addition to our other remedies including termination, we may obtain such insurance for you and the SARAH Business, on the potential Franchisee s behalf, in which event they must cooperate with us and reimburse us for all premiums, costs and expenses we incur in obtaining and maintaining the insurance, plus a reasonable fee for our time incurred in obtaining such insurance. 8 Table of Contents Advertising Materials Before a potential Franchisee uses them, they must send to us for review samples of all advertising, promotional and marketing materials which we have not prepared or previously approved. They must not use any advertising, promotional, or marketing materials that we have not approved or have disapproved. During approximately the first 3 months of operating the SARAH Business, we will use the Marketing Deposit to pay vendors selected to provide advertising and related services for the promotion of the SARAH Business, which may include, for example, arranging online Internet advertising and marketing content, including Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, LinkedIn or other social media outlets and paying click-through charges to search engines, banner advertising sources, and advertising host sites to promote the SARAH Business. We may develop certain promotional materials and/or designate or approve specific suppliers of promotional materials during the franchise term that we may require them to purchase and use. All online marketing activities you conduct for the SARAH Business must meet our then-current guidelines for franchisee use of social media that we include as part of the Operations Manual or otherwise communicate as part of our System standards. Development of Your SARAH Business A potential Franchisee is responsible for locating, obtaining, and developing a site for the SARAH Business within the Territory. They must submit a proposed site for the SARAH Business for our approval in a form we specify that includes detailed construction drawings and other site-specific information. After we approve a site for the SARAH Business, they are responsible for constructing and equipping the SARAH Business at that site. They may not begin developing any site or constructing or remodeling any structures or fixtures before we have approved the site. They may consult with real estate and other professionals of their choosing, and we may also assist you in the development of the SARAH Business. They must submit to us for our approval detailed plans and specifications adopting our then-current plans and specifications for SARAH Businesses. SarahCare, as the franchisor, supplies the Franchisee s with initial assistance and approval with the following: 1. Give you our site selection criteria for the SARAH Business and, upon a potential Franchisee s request, provide input regarding possible sites. We do not own and lease any site to franchisees. After they select and we approve a site, we will designate the geographic area within which they may establish the SARAH Business. 2. Approve the signage. 3. Identify the standards and specifications for products, services, and materials that comply with the System, and, if we require, the approved suppliers of these items. We will furnish a potential Franchisee with the listing of the package of initial franchise items as detailed in the Operations Manual. Neither we nor our affiliate provide, deliver, or install any of these items. 4. Provide an Initial Training Program. 5. Provide an Operations Training Program. Once the Franchisee s SarahCare business is operational, we will: 1. Issue and modify System standards for SARAH Businesses. 2. Provide access to a copy of our Operations Manual as we make available through our intranet. The Operations Manual contains mandatory and suggested specifications, standards and operating procedure. 3. Give you additional or special guidance and assistance and training as we deem appropriate and for which a potential Franchisee are financially responsible. 4. Inspect and observe the operation of the SARAH Business to help a potential Franchisee comply with the Franchise Agreement and all System standards. 5. Let you use the confidential information. 6. Let you use the Marks. 9 Table of Contents Opening We estimate that a potential Franchisee will open the SARAH Business within 8 to 10 months after they sign the Franchise Agreement. The interval between signing the Franchise Agreement and opening the SARAH Business depends on the site s location and condition, the construction schedule for the SARAH Business, the extent to which they must upgrade or remodel an existing location, the delivery schedule for equipment and supplies, securing financing arrangements, completing training, and complying with local laws and regulations. Current Locations Below is a list of our current franchised (24) locations: California - 450 Marathon Dr., Campbell, CA 95008 Connecticut - 870 Burnside Avenue, East Hartford, CT 06108 Florida - 1504 S. Harbor City Blvd., Melbourne, FL 32901 1200 N. University Dr., Pembroke Pines, FL 33024 754 Riverside Drive, Coral Springs, FL 33071 Georgia - 801 Oakhurst Drive, Evans, GA 30808 286 SW Highway, 138 Riverdale, GA 30078 Indiana - 2805 E. 96 th , Indianapolis, IN 46240 Massachusetts - 1225 Dorchester Avenue, Dorchester, MA 02125 1217 Grafton St. Worcester, MA 01604 1522 State Street, Springfield, MA 01109 Michigan - 2211 E. Beltline Ave. NE Suites B C, Grand Rapids, MI 49525 13425 19 Mile Rd., Suite 500, Sterling Heights, MI 49519 2024 Health Dr., Suite B, Wyoming, MI 49519 New Jersey 1115 Glove Avenue, Mountainside, NJ 07092 North Carolina - 2245 Gateway Access Pt. Suite 101, Raleigh, NC 27607 Ohio - 10901 Prospect Road, Strongsville, OH 44149 Pennsylvania - 7010 Snowdrift Rd., Allentown, PA 18106 261 Old York Rd., Suite A51, Jenkintown, PA 19046 425 Technology Dr., Malvern, PA 19355 2030 Ardmore Blvd., Pittsburgh, PA 15221 Texas - 157 Nursery Road, The Woodlands, TX 77380 23972 Highway 59 N., Kingwood, TX 77339 21025 Encino Commons, suite 220, San Antonio, TX 78259 We have two international centers in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia that are franchised, but are not yet open. We do not have an expected date as to when they will be open, if ever. Below is a list of our current corporate location: SarahCare of Belden - 6199 Frank Ave NW, North Canton, OH 44720 We closed our Stowe, OH corporate location, and intend to open up our 2 nd corporate location in Florida to concentrate on research and development. Our Growth Strategy Our sales and marketing teams intend to leverage our value proposition and strong participant satisfaction to promote our brand and attract new participants to our centers. The size of our centers depends on the size of the addressable population within each service area. We first determine whether we can fill a center s expected participant census, then, as a center reaches its initial capacity, we plan to increase its size through pre-planned facility expansions. Once we have reached planned capacity, we intend to expand to other locations. Our growth strategy includes renewing our current franchised locations. Recently, SarahCare renewed its agreements regarding two SarahCare franchised locations, one in The Woodlands, Texas, and one in Kingwood, Texas. Both renewals are for five years. 10 Table of Contents Leasing New Market Space We plan to build new centers or lease from existing market space to enter new markets for our daycare centers into adjacent or new geographies. The placement of our centers in attractive locations is critical to our success. We regularly conduct zip code level analyses and convene small focus groups with potential participants and caregivers to identify service areas with attractive concentrations of seniors eligible for our daycare services and select optimal sites for our centers. We prioritize service areas with populations that include more than 4,000 potential participants within a 60-minute drive of a center. Our approach to building new daycare centers or leasing space in favorable market areas is based on our experience-based specifications, with flexibility for future center expansion factored into the blueprints where possible. On April 21, 2021, the Company, through ten newly-formed, wholly-owned limited liability companies, entered into lease agreements with entities controlled by our Chairman, Charles Everhardt, for ten additional SarahCare locations to be operated by the Company. All of the leases are for a ten-year period beginning on July 1, 2021, and ending on June 30, 2031, with a 5-year renewal option. The rent for each location is 7,500 per month. The commencement of the leases have been amended several times to delay the start date, and the remaining leases are scheduled to commence on November 1, 2023. On August 19, 2022, the Company and landlord mutually agreed to terminate the Austin lease. As of November 1, 2022, the Company amended the leases to delay commencement until May 1, 2023. As of May 1, 2023, the Company and landlord mutually agreed to terminate the Houston, TX, Jackson, MS and Trenton, NJ leases, and also agreed to amend the remaining leases to delay commencement until November 1, 2023. As of November 1, 2023, the Company and landlord mutually agreed to amend the remaining leases to delay commencement until November 1, 2024. The six locations are as follows: Ohio 33 East 5 th Street, Dayton, OH 45402 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Georgia 1775 Parkway Place SE, Marietta, GA 30067 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Tennessee 2625 Thousand Oaks, Memphis, TN 38118 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Florida 3835 McCoy Road, Orlando, FL 32812 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Pennsylvania 1741 Papermill Road, Wyomissing, PA 19610 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Oklahoma 7902 South Lewis Avenue, Tulsa, OK 74136 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Potential Acquisitions We believe we are the logical acquiror in a fragmented market made up of mostly small independent local operators. We are looking for potential acquisitions in new geographic markets along with existing markets that meet certain criteria. We maintain discipline in our approach in regards to purchase price for acquisitions. We consider many factors in determining the purchase price that include potential market expansion, healthcare employee base, demographics of our target market of seniors, daycare demand both future and present is also considered along with other factors before a decision is made to acquire a potential acquisition target. We work closely with key constituencies, including local governments, health systems and senior housing providers, to ensure participants continue to receive the high quality care we demand in our operations and that potential acquisition targets can achieve our important quality standards. Reinvest in our Technology We are continuing to examine ways to improve and enhance our technology offerings to improve efficiencies in our operations. Further, we are evaluating new software and medical device technology to use at our centers to help with our participants who are experiencing chronic conditions. We believe placing new technologies at our centers to further meet the needs of our participants will help us to stand out in the daycare market and attract further participants to our centers. As we continue to evaluate new ways of bringing new technologies and efficiencies to our operations, we believe we will be able to attract new participants and potentially reduce medical costs. Industry Overview Healthcare spending in the United States grew by 7.5 in 2023 to 4.8 trillion, and Medicare spending is projected to have grown by 8.4 to over 1 trillion. National health spending is expected to grow by 5.2 in 2024. The overall growth rate of healthcare spending is expected to accelerate due to the aging population. Spending is set to grow an average of 5.6 a year between 2023 and 2032; the rise will lead to an increase in the health spending share of growth domestic product to 19.7 by 2032 from 17.3 in 2022, the data showed. There are over 7,500 senior daycare centers across the United States. The industry market size of the adult day care market was valued at 17.02 billion in 2023, and revenue forecast for 2032 is 28.13 billion with a 5.7 CAGR. (Polaris Market Research). 11 Table of Contents Employees As of June 30, 2024, the Company had 30 employees. This does not include the employees of the independently owned and run franchise locations. Intellectual Property The Company owns the following intellectual property (trademarks): SarahCare and Sarah Adult Day Services. Competition There are approximately 4,600 adult day care centers (from the CDC) in the U.S. may be part of stand-alone adult centers specifically set up to provide day care to seniors, 70 percent are affiliated with or operate within senior centers, churches, medical centers or residential care facilities. Two of our larger competitors include Active Day, with approximately 100 locations, and Easter Seals, a non-profit with 69 affiliates. Programs run from several hours to a full day. Participants may attend daily, a few times a week, weekly, or just for special activities. Weekend and evening care are less common, although this is changing as demand for adult day care rises. We also compete with home care and in-home medical care professionals and enterprises. Governmental Regulations We will be governed by government laws and regulations governing adult day care facilities. We believe that we are currently in compliance with all laws which govern our operations and have no current liabilities thereunder. Our intent is to maintain strict compliance with all relevant laws, rules and regulations. Reports to Security Holders We intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year. We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the Commission if they become necessary in the course of our company s operations. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. Environmental Regulations We do not believe that we are or will become subject to any environmental laws or regulations of the United States. While our products and business activities do not currently violate any laws, any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements on us or on our products or potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand for our products or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 12 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Our board of directors and senior management recognize the critical importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our clients, business partners and employees. Our management, led by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, are actively involved in oversight of our risk management efforts, and cybersecurity represents an important component of the Company s overall approach to enterprise risk management ERM ). Our cybersecurity processes and practices are fully integrated into the Company s ERM efforts. In general, we seek to address cybersecurity risks through a cross-functional approach that is focused on preserving the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that we collect and store by identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur. Risk Management and Strategy As one of the critical elements of our overall ERM approach, our cybersecurity efforts are focused on the following key areas: Governance: Management oversees cybersecurity risk mitigation and reports to the board of directors any cybersecurity incidents. Collaborative Approach: We have implemented a cross-functional approach to identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner. Technical Safeguards : We deploy technical safeguards that are designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality and access controls, Third parties also play a role in our cybersecurity. We engage third-party service providers to conduct evaluations of our security controls, independent audits or consulting on best practices to address new challenges. While we have experienced cybersecurity threats in the past in the normal course of business and expect to continue to experience such threats from time to time, to date, none have had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Even with the approach we take to cybersecurity, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect on us. Item 2. Properties As of June 30, 2024, the Company maintains its corporate address at 2310 York Street, Suite 200, Blue Island, IL, 60406. This space is provided by the Company s Chairman, Charles Everhardt, a related party, on a rent free basis at the present time. The Company does not currently have a lease for this space at this time but expects to enter into a month-to-month office lease for this space. 13 Table of Contents SarahCare leases two properties for its corporate office and its one corporate owned center. SarahCare s corporate office is approximately 3,470 square feet and is located at 4580 Stephen Circle NW, Canton, Ohio, 44718. The lease began in 2017 and ends in 2023. In September 2023, SarahCare moved its corporate headquarters to 4942 Higbee Ave NW, Unit H, Canton, 44718. SarahCare s lease for its first corporate-owned SarahCare location is for approximately 5,300 square feet located at 6199 Frank Ave. NW, North Canton, Ohio, 44720. The lease began in 2018 and ends in 2026. SarahCare s lease for its second corporate-owned SarahCare location is for approximately 6,000 square feet located at SarahCare of Stow, 4472 Darrow Road, Stow, Ohio, 44224. The lease began in 2018 and ends in 2026. SarahCare closed this location in April 2024. The Company is currently negotiating with the landlord to find a new tenant and to repay the remaining amounts due on this lease. On April 21, 2021, the Company, through ten newly-formed, wholly-owned limited liability companies, entered into lease agreements with entities controlled by our Chairman, Charles Everhardt, for ten additional SarahCare locations to be operated by the Company. All of the leases are for a ten-year period beginning on July 1, 2021, and ending on June 30, 2031, with a 5-year renewal option. The rent for each location is 7,500 per month. As of the June 30, 2021, the Company amended the leases to delay commencement until November 1, 2021. As of November 1, 2021, the Company amended the leases to delay commencement until May 1, 2022. As of April 30, 2022 the Company amended the leases to delay commencement until November 1, 2022. On August 19, 2022, the Company and landlord mutually agreed to terminate the Austin lease. As of November 1, 2022, the Company amended the leases to delay commencement until May 1, 2023. As of May 1, 2023, the Company and landlord mutually agreed to terminate the Houston, TX, Jackson, MS and Trenton, NJ leases, and also agreed to amend the remaining leases to delay commencement until November 1, 2023. As of November 1, 2023, the Company and landlord mutually agreed to amend the remaining leases to delay commencement until November 1, 2024. The six locations are as follows: Ohio 33 East 5 th Street, Dayton, OH 45402 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Georgia 1775 Parkway Place SE, Marietta, GA 30067 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Tennessee 2625 Thousand Oaks, Memphis, TN 38118 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Florida 3835 McCoy Road, Orlando, FL 32812 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Pennsylvania 1741 Papermill Road, Wyomissing, PA 19610 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. Oklahoma 7902 South Lewis Avenue, Tulsa, OK 74136 approximately 8,500 sq. ft. 14 Table of Contents Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. Other than disclosed herein, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the results of our operations. As of June 30, 2024, we were not a party to a material legal proceeding; however, on or about October 2, 2024, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc. was named as a defendant in a complaint filed in the Summit County Court of Common Please, Summit County Courthouse in Akron, OH (case no.: CV-2024-10-4369), but Premier Wadsworth Property, LLC (the Plaintiff ), who is the owner and landlord for the Stow Professional Center, where SarahCare had a corporate center, which it closed around April 2024, approximately 1 year prior to the term of the lease. The Plaintiff alleges that it is owed damages totaling at least 102,407.37, including all rent, utilities, and attorney s fees. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter. As of June 30, 2024, we were a party to a material legal proceedings. On or about April 17, 2024, the Company was notified that a complaint had been filed against it in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division (case no. 5:24-cv-00687), by Merle Griff, Adam Griff and Brian Froelich (the Plaintiffs ), who are the original shareholders of SarahCare, which is wholly owned by the Company, alleging breach of breach of contract and related causes of action in connection with unpaid royalties pursuant to the Company s original purchase agreement in connection with SarahCare, and seeking 1,841,537 in damages, plus interests, costs and attorney fees. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter. Additionally, we currently have thirteen (13) convertible promissory notes that are in default, and we may be subject to legal proceedings or lawsuits from any number of those convertible noteholders, including the below. On April 7, 2013, three note holders (Brook Hazelton, Benjamin M. Manalaysay, Jr., and Diego McDonald, the Plaintiffs ), whom together invested a total principal amount of 45,000 in the form of Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes to the Company, together filed a Notice of Commencement of Action Subject to Mandatory Electronic Filing in the Supreme Count of the State of New York, County of New York. The Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached their contracts with the Plaintiffs and included causes of action for unjust enrichment and related claims, seeking repayment of each of their respective convertible promissory notes plus interest. On or about February 24, 2014, the three Plaintiffs received judgment against the Company from the court in the amounts of 33,686.82, 8,546.87 and 33,697 respectively. As of the date of this Annual Report, no director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. Management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable to our Company. 15 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information The Company s common stock is traded on the OTC Link ATS (the alternative trading system operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc.) under the symbol IMTH . As of June 30, 2024, the Company s common stock was held by 187 shareholders of record, which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee name. The following information reflects the high and low prices of the Company s common stock, and the Company s reverse stock split is reflected in the increase in the high and low bid prices for the fourth quarter of 2022. High and low prices are from prices reported by OTCMarkets.com. Quarterly period High Low Fiscal year ended June 30, 2024: First Quarter 0.55 0.25 Second Quarter 0.91 0.25 Third Quarter 1.00 0.08 Fourth Quarter 0.40 0.93 Fiscal year ended June 30, 2024: First Quarter 3.49 1.57 Second Quarter 2.00 1.13 Third Quarter 1.47 0.295 Fourth Quarter 0.74 0.55 We have engaged Clear Trust Transfer as the Company s transfer agent to serve as agent for shares of our common stock, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Our transfer agent s contact information is as follows: 16540 Pointe Village Dr., Suite 205 Lutz, FL 33558 Telephone: (813) 235-4490 16 Table of Contents Dividend Distributions We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans The Company does not have a stock option plan. Penny Stock Our common stock is considered penny stock under the rules the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: contains a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the marker for such stock; and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. 17 Table of Contents Related Stockholder Matters None. Purchase of Equity Securities None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company did not have any unregistered sales of any equity securities, except as described below. On or about April 12, 2024, the Company issued 1,134,242 common shares, par value, 0.000001 per share, to several consultants for consulting services and their expertise in technology, financial services and media. On or about March 7, 2024, the Company issued 1,590,728 common shares, par value, 0.000001 per share, to several consultants for consulting services and their expertise in technology, financial services and media. The forgoing shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as there was no general solicitation, and the transactions did not involve a public offering. Item 6. Selected Financial Data As the Company is a smaller reporting company, this item is inapplicable. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as anticipate, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks and estimates and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and summary of selected financial data for Innovative MedTech, Inc. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management. 18 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company was originally formed on April 21, 2005, in New Jersey as Serino 1, Corp., . On December 16, 2005, the Company merged with Fresh Harvest Products, Inc., and then changed its name to Fresh Harvest Products, Inc., and began operating as a natural and organic food and beverage company. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired two companies, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. (collectively SarahCare ), an adult day care center franchisor and provider. With 25 centers (1 corporate and 24 franchise locations) located in 13 states, SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities focusing on meeting their physical and medical needs on a daily basis, and ranging from nursing care to salon services and providing meals, to offering engaging and enriching activities to allow them to continue to lead active and engaged lives. The Company is a provider of health and wellness services and has two divisions: technology and devices and Adult Day Services. The Company s technology and devices division has signed a distribution agreement with 2 products: a high detection vein visualization device and an Oral Thrush product, and the Company s wholly owned subsidiary SarahCare, an adult day care center franchisor with 2 corporate owned centers and 24 franchise locations across the United States. SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities ranging from exercise and medical needs daily to nursing care and salon services. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired two companies, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. (collectively SarahCare ), an adult day care center franchisor and provider. On March 25, 2021, the Company acquired two companies, Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. (collectively SarahCare ), an adult day care center franchisor and provider. With 25 centers (2 corporate and 23 franchise locations) located in 13 states, SarahCare offers seniors daytime care and activities focusing on meeting their physical and medical needs on a daily basis, and ranging from nursing care to salon services and providing meals, to offering engaging and enriching activities to allow them to continue to lead active and engaged lives. We are now focusing all of our efforts on our senior care operations. On or about December 29, 2023, the Company entered into a Distribution License Agreement (the Distribution License Agreement with Radical Clean Solutions Ltd., a Nevada corporation RCS which has developed several air cleaning devices that send out atmospheric hydroxyls to attach to either pathogens or VOCs, and then neutralize them, whether in the air or on surfaces, and which seek to mimic natural outdoor atmospheric hydroxyl. The Distribution License Agreement gave the Company the right to distribute the RCS products in the following markets within the USA and Canada: (a) military, FEMA, and medical facilities (emergency room, urgent care, hospital, and outpatient clinic facilities), (b) adult day and nursing homes, (c) municipal pet shelters, zoos, equestrian and other veterinary facilities, (d) transportation hubs (via TSA Policy ordinances), and (e) educational facilities, and provided that the Company meets minimum sales requirements with respect to those RCS products, the Company s distribution rights shall be exclusive in those markets. On February 16, 2024, the Company s Distribution License Agreement (the Agreement with Radical Clean Solutions Ltd. RCS was terminated by RCS for a material breach of non-payment, as the Company did not pay its initial deposit, which was due 40 days from the execution of the Agreement. The Company requested an extension and/or an amendment to a non-exclusive Agreement, but RCS did not agree to such a request. On or about April 16, 2024, the Company entered into a distribution agreement (the "Agreement") with Near Infrared Imaging, Inc. ("NII") for Vein-Eye Carry, a patent-pending vein illumination technology which employs advanced optics and real-time imaging to precisely identify veins, reducing the need for multiple attempts and enhancing procedural accuracy. The Agreement gives the Company the non-exclusive right to distribute NII's product(s) with no limitations on the territory. NII's Vein-Eye Carry is a Class 1, 510-k exempt medical device, is TAA and FAR compliant, and is designed, engineered and manufactured in the U.S. The Vein-Eye Carry is lightweight and portable and can be successfully carried into a home, up flights of stairs, carried into a clinic nursing home, placed in an ambulance or another emergency medical vehicle. On or about May 17, 2024, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the Exclusive License Agreement with Shear Kershman Labs, a Missouri corporation SKL ). SKL has developed Oral Thrush, a mouth wash that treats oral thrush, a condition in which a fungus, Candida albicans, accumulates on the lining of the mouth and sometimes overgrows and causes symptoms, such as creamy white lesions, usually on the tongue or inner cheeks. Under the Exclusive License Agreement, SKL will form a subsidiary to distribute Oral Thrush, the Company shall become an 80 owner of the subsidiary, and the Company will issue 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to SKL. The following Management Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K. COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2024, TO THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and related management discussion herein. Our financial statements are stated in U.S. Dollars and are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States GAAP ). Going Concern Qualification Several conditions and events cast substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of 44,561,210 since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through debt or future issuances of capital stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 19 Table of Contents Operating Results Our operating results for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the changes between those periods for the respective items, are summarized as follows: Year Ended June 30 Change 2024 2023 Amount Operating loss (4,274,076 (3,624,245 (649,831 Other income (expense) (3,664,821 (23,702 (3,463,342 Net loss (7,938,897 (3,647,947 (4,113,173 Revenues Our revenue increased to 1,824,925 for the year ended June 30, 2024, from revenue of 1,724,843 in the comparative year ended June 30, 2023, due to an increase in the number of participants coming to our centers. The following table presents revenue expenses for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended June 30 Change 2024 2023 Amount Participant fees 1,141,349 1,098,249 43,100 Franchise fees 683,576 626,594 56,982 Total revenue 1,824,925 1,724,843 100,082 Operating Expenses Our operating expenses increased to 6,099,001 for the year ended June 30, 2024, from operating expenses of 5,349,088 in the comparative year ended June 30, 2023. The increase was due to increases in general and administrative, stock-based compensation, consulting and legal and professional fees. The following table presents operating expenses for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended June 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percentage General and administrative 1,030,432 972,624 57,808 5.94 Stock-based compensation 1,725,503 - 1,725,503 1,725,503 Salaries and wages 1,030,912 1,077,108 (46,196 (4.29 Licensing fees - 3,000,000 (3,000,000 (3,000,000 Consulting fees 2,147,006 151,106 1,995,900 1,320.86 Legal and professional fees 165,148 148,250 16,898 11.40 Total operating expenses 6,099,001 5,349,088 749,913 14.02 20 Table of Contents The Company recorded 1,030,432 in general and administrative fees during the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to 972,624 for the prior fiscal year, with the increase primarily due to the Company s increased administrative expenses. We realized an increase of 16,898 in legal and professional fees during the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year due to increase in business development, thus increasing legal and professional fees. We realized a decrease of 46,196 in salaries and wages during the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, primarily due to decreasing operational expenses during the most recent fiscal year as compared to the prior fiscal year. We realized a decrease 3,000,000 in licensing fees during the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year due to a decrease in the VISA licensing fee. We realized an increase of 1,995,900 in consulting fees during the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year due to an increase in our use of consultants for business and corporate development. We realized an increase in 1,752,503 in stock-based compensation during the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year, due to an increase in management and consultants stock-based compensation. Other Income (Expense) The following table presents other income and expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended June 30 2024 2023 Interest expense, related parties (33,040 (66,796 Interest expenses (143,186 (155,005 Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (233,835 - Loss on extinguishment of debt (13,655 - Loss on impairment of intangible assets (3,300,981 - Change in fair value of derivatives 8,050 24,978 Amortization of debt discount (22,849 - Other income 74,675 173,121 Total other income (expense) (3,664,821 (23,702 During the year ended June 30, 2024, interest expense decreased to 143,186 and interest expenses, related parties, decreased to 33,040, as compared to greater interest expense and interest expense, related parties, during the prior fiscal year due to a decrease in certain loans and lease liabilities. During the year ended June 30, 2024, loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and loss on extinguishment of debt increased to 233,835 and 13,655, respectively, from 0 for the prior year for both, due to the closure of a SarahCare corporate owned franchises. During the year ended June 30, 2024, loss on impairment of intangible assets increased to 3,300,981 from 0 for the prior year, due to fully writing off the intangible assets during the year. During the year ended June 30, 2024, amortization of debt discount increased to 22,849 from 0 for the prior year, due to there not being any debt discount in the prior year. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the change in fair value of derivatives decreased to 8,050 from 24,978 for the prior fiscal year, due to inputs in the derivative calculation, such as current share price. During the year ended. June 30, 2024, other income decreased to 74,675 from 173,121 for the prior fiscal year, due to a decrease in ancillary and grant revenues. Net Loss The Company incurred a 7,938,897 net loss during the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to net loss of 3,647,947 in the prior fiscal year. The increase in net loss is primarily due to the increase in the Company s operating expenses, specifically its stock compensation expense due to consulting arrangements during the most recent fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. Liquidity and Capital Resources Based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan to seek additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Several conditions and events cast substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of 44,561,210 since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through debt or future issuances of capital stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 21 Table of Contents Working Capital The following table presents our working capital position as of June 30, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended June 30 Change 2024 2023 Amount Percentage Cash 113,489 157,589 (44,100 (27.98 Accounts receivable 160,996 224,641 (63,645 (28.33 Notes receivable, related party 9,294 9,294 - - Prepaid expenses - 2,250 (2,250 (100 Current Assets 283,779 393,774 (109,995 (27.93 Current Liabilities 4,108,306 3,575,716 532,590 14,89 Working Capital (3,824,527 (3,181,942 (642,585 20.19 The change in working capital during the year ended June 30, 2024, was primarily due to a decrease in current assets of 109,995 in conjunction with an increase in current liabilities of 532,590. Current assets decreased primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable in the amount of 63,645 and a decrease in cash in the amount of 44,100. Current liabilities increased primarily due to the increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. Cash Flow The following tables presents our cash flow for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: Year ended June 30 2024 2023 Cash from operating activities (183,131 (168,972 Cash flows in investing activities (50,673 5,403 Cash from financing activities 189,704 19,821 Net change in cash for the period (44,100 (143,748 22 Table of Contents Cash Flows from Operating Activities For the year ended June 30, 2024, net cash flows used in operating activities increased to 183,131) from 168,972) for the year ended June 30, 2023, due primarily to the Company s due to an increase in operating expenses during the fiscal year. Cash Flows from Investing Activities For the year ended June 30, 2024, net cash flows used in investing activities decreased to 50,673) from 5,403 for the year ended June 30, 2023, due to decrease in the acquisition of fixed assets during the most recent fiscal year. Cash Flows from Financing Activities For the year ended June 30, 2024, net cash flows from financing activities increased to 189,704 from 19,821 for the year ended June 30, 2023, due to an increase in proceeds from notes payable during the most recent fiscal year. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make a number of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Such estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experiences and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various other factors and circumstances. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable in the circumstances; however, actual results may differ from these estimates under different future conditions. Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which management believes are necessary to fairly present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. The ownership interest of consolidated entities not wholly-owned by the Company are presented as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation, and net income (loss) is reduced by the portion of net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. The Company reports investments in unconsolidated entities over whose operating and financial policies it has the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting. 23 Table of Contents The Company evaluates its potential variable interest entity VIE relationships under certain criteria as provided for in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). ASC 810 broadly defines a VIE as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; or (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. The Company performs this evaluation on an ongoing basis and consolidates any VIEs for which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary, as determined by the Company s power to direct the VIE s activities and the obligation to absorb its losses or the right to receive its benefits, which are potentially significant to the VIE. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Because of the use of estimates inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results may differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company maintains cash balances in a non-interest bearing account that sometimes exceeds over 250,000 federally insured limits. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. There were no cash equivalents as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. Earnings Per Share Calculation Basic earnings per common share EPS is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per shares is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average shares outstanding, assuming all dilutive potential common shares were issued. Revenue Recognition Participant Fees Resident fee revenue is reported at the amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the services provided. These amounts are due from participants or third-party payors and include variable consideration for retroactive adjustments from estimated reimbursements, if any, under reimbursement programs. Performance obligations are determined based on the nature of the services provided. Resident fee revenue is recognized as performance obligations are satisfied. Under the Company s day care agreements, which are generally for a contractual term of 30 days to one year, the Company provides services to participants for a stated daily or monthly fee. The Company has elected the lessor practical expedient within ASC 842, Leases ASC 842 and recognizes, measures, presents, and discloses the revenue for services under the Company s senior living residency agreements based upon the predominant component, either the lease or nonlease component, of the contracts. The Company has determined that the services included under the Company s independent living, assisted living, and memory care residency agreements have the same timing and pattern of transfer and are performance obligations that are satisfied over time. The Company recognizes revenue under ASC 606, Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 for its participants agreements for which it has estimated that the nonlease components of such agreements are the predominant component of the contract. The Company enters into contracts to provide home assisted health, and certain outpatient services. Each service provided under the contract is capable of being distinct, and thus, the services are considered individual and separate performance obligations. The performance obligations are satisfied as services are provided and revenue is recognized as services are provided. 24 Table of Contents The Company receives payment for services under various third-party payor programs which include Medicaid, Veterans Affairs and other third-party payors. Estimates for settlements with third-party payors for retroactive adjustments from estimated reimbursements due to audits, reviews, or investigations are included in the determination of the estimated transaction price for providing services. The Company estimates the transaction price based on the terms of the contract with the payor, correspondence with the payor, and historical payment trends. Changes to these estimates for retroactive adjustments are recognized in the period the change or adjustment becomes known or when final settlements are determined. Billings for services under third-party payor programs are recorded net of estimated retroactive adjustments, if any. Retroactive adjustments are accrued on an estimated basis in the period the related services are rendered and adjusted in future periods or as final settlements are determined. Contractual or cost related adjustments from Medicaid or Veterans Affairs are accrued when assessed (without regard to when the assessment is paid or withheld). Subsequent adjustments to these accrued amounts are recorded in net revenues when known. Franchise Fees The Company franchises a number of its locations under franchise contracts which provide periodic franchise fee payments to the Company and reimbursement for costs and expense related to such franchises. Our franchisees pay us a variety of royalties and fees, including an agreed upon percentage of gross revenues (as defined in the franchise agreement). The Company estimates the amount of franchise fee revenue expected to be earned, if any, during the annual contract period and revenue is recognized as services are provided. The Company s estimate of the transaction price for the franchise services also includes the amount of reimbursement due from the franchises for services provided and related costs incurred. Such revenue is included in revenues on the consolidated statements of operations. The related costs are included in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Income Taxes The provision for income taxes is the total of the current taxes payable and the net of the change in the deferred income taxes. Provision is made for the deferred income taxes where differences exist between the period in which transactions affect current taxable income and the period in which they enter into the determination of net income in the financial statements. Leases In December 2018, the FASB issued ASC 842 and as ASU 2016-02, is the new lease accounting standard published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). It replaced the previous US GAAP leasing standard, ASC 840. The purpose of the new standard is to close a major accounting loophole in ASC 840: off-balance sheet operating leases. Public companies began to implement the standard starting after December 15, 2018. Private companies will follow a year later on December 15, 2020. ASC 842 represents a significant overhaul of the accounting treatment for leases, with the most significant change being that most leases, including most operating leases, are now capitalized on the balance sheet. Under ASC 840, FASB permitted operating leases to be reported only in the footnotes of corporate financial statements. Under ASC 842, the only leases that are exempt from the capitalization requirement are short-term leases less than or equal to 12 months in length. This became effective December 1, 2019 and the Company chose to adopt it early on December 1, 2018. The adoption did not have any material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements as the Company has no long term leases. 25 Table of Contents Fair value of financial instruments The Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and debt. Derivative liabilities were adjusted to fair market value at the end of each reporting period, using Level 3 inputs. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, as follows: Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses, accrued interest, certain notes payable and notes payable due to related parties, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The Company accounts for its derivative liabilities, at fair value, on a recurring basis under Level 3 (See Note 6). Embedded Conversion Features The Company evaluates embedded conversion features within convertible debt under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging to determine whether the embedded conversion feature(s) should be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a derivative at fair value with changes recorded in earnings. If the conversion feature does not require derivative treatment under ASC 815, the instrument is evaluated under ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options for consideration of any beneficial feature. Derivative Financial Instruments When the Company issues debt that contains a conversion feature, it first evaluates whether the conversion feature meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative: a) one or more underlying, typically the price of the Company s stock; b) one or more notional amounts or payment provisions or both, generally the number of shares upon conversion; c) no initial net investment, which typically excludes the amount borrowed; and d) net settlement provisions, which in the case of convertible debt generally means the stock received upon conversion can be readily sold for cash. There are certain scope exceptions from derivative treatment, but these typically exclude conversion features that provide for a variable number of shares. If the conversion feature within convertible debt meet the requirements to be treated as a derivative, the Company estimates the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo Simulation Model upon the date of issuance. If the fair value of the derivative liability is higher than the face value of the convertible debt, the excess is immediately recognized as interest expense. Otherwise, the fair value of the derivative liability is recorded as a liability with an offsetting amount recorded as a debt discount, which offsets the carrying amount of the debt. The derivative liability is revalued at the end of each reporting period and any change in fair value is recorded as a change in fair value in the statements of operations. The debt discount is amortized through interest expense over the life of the debt. Derivative instrument liabilities and the host debt agreement are classified on the balance sheets as current or non-current based on whether settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within twelve months of the balance sheet date. 26 Table of Contents The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the embedded conversion option at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense for each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of the date of the event that caused the reclassification. As a result of entering into warrant agreements, for which such instruments contained a variable conversion feature with no floor, the Company has adopted a sequencing policy in accordance with ASC 815-40-35-12 Derivatives and Hedging (provides comprehensive guidance on derivative and hedging transactions) whereby all future instruments may be classified as a derivative liability with the exception of instruments related to share-based compensation issued to employees or directors. Debt Issue Costs and Debt Discount The Company may record debt issue costs and/or debt discounts in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt. These costs may be paid in the form of cash, or equity (such as warrants). These costs are amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs, a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements As of and for the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company does not expect any of the recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a material impact on its financial condition or results of operations. Seasonality We do not expect our sales to be impacted by seasonal demands for our products and services. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As the Company is a smaller reporting company, this item is inapplicable. 27 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Innovative MedTech, Inc. Table of Contents Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID NO. F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-6 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-7 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Innovative Medtech Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Innovative Medtech Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2, the Company has incurred net losses and working capital deficits. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 3702 West Spruce Street #1430 Tampa, Florida 33607 +1.813.441.9707 F-2 Table of Contents Derivatives As described in Note 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, when the Company issues debt that contains a conversion feature, it first evaluates whether the conversion feature meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative. If the conversion feature within convertible debt meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative, the Company estimates and records the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo Simulation Model upon the date of issuance. The derivative liability is revalued at the end of each reporting period. We identified the Company s application of the accounting for convertible notes as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: - We obtained debt and warrant related agreements and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed agreements for all relevant terms. - Tested management s identification and treatment of agreement terms. - Recalculated management s fair value of each conversion feature based on the terms in the agreements. - Assessed the terms and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the amortization of the debt discount. - Reviewed the work of the Company s specialist to calculate the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo method to determine whether the derivative liability recorded by the Company was reasonable. Impairment of Intangible Assets Goodwill As described in Note 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, certain intangible assets and goodwill arose from the acquisition of Sarah Adult Day Services Inc. and Sarah Day Care Centers Inc. on March 25, 2021. Impairment of intangible assets exists when the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets. The Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that impairment exists. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at the end of each reporting period. We identified the Company s application of the accounting for impairment of intangible assets and goodwill as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: - We obtained management s analysis and performed the following procedures: - Tested management s identification and treatment of the need for impairment. - Reviewed and assessed the inputs and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the fair value of the carrying unit. - Recalculated fair value of the carrying unit based on tangible inputs and actual results. - Reviewed the work of the Company to calculate the fair value of the carrying unit using the undiscounted future cashflows method to determine whether the need for impairment reasonable. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. October 15, 2024 F-3 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Innovative MedTech, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt about the Company s ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2, the Company has incurred net losses and has limited revenues. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plans raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 3001 N. Rocky Point Dr. East, Suite 200 Tampa, Florida 33607 813.367.3527 F-4 Table of Contents Derivatives As described in Note 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, when the Company issues debt that contains a conversion feature, it first evaluates whether the conversion feature meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative. If the conversion feature within convertible debt meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative, the Company estimates and records the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo Simulation Model upon the date of issuance. The derivative liability is revalued at the end of each reporting period. We identified the Company s application of the accounting for convertible notes as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of this critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these judgments and assumptions by the Company involves auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. The primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included the following: We obtained debt and warrant related agreements and performed the following procedures: - Reviewed agreements for all relevant terms. - Tested management s identification and treatment of agreement terms. - Recalculated management s fair value of each conversion feature based on the terms in the agreements. - Assessed the terms and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of the amortization of the debt discount. - Reviewed the work of the Company s specialist to calculate the fair value of the derivative liability using the Monte Carlo method to determine whether the derivative liability recorded by the Company was reasonable. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. Tampa, Florida October 13, 2023 F-5 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Notes receivable, related party Prepaid expenses Total current assets Deposits Right-of-use asset Finance lease asset, net Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Goodwill Total Assets Liabilities Stockholders' Deficit Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest Accrued interest, related parties Notes payable, related parties, current Notes payable, current Convertible notes payable, current SBA Loan, current Line of credit Derivative liability Finance lease liability Operating lease liability Total current liabilities Royalty liability Finance lease liability, non-current Operating lease liability, non-current Notes payable, non-current SBA Loan, non-current Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Stockholders' Deficit Series A Preferred stock, par value; authorized: shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the years ended June 30, 2024 2023 Revenue: Participant fees Franchise fees Operating expenses: General and administrative Stock-based compensation Salaries and wages Licensing fees Consulting fees Legal and professional fees Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense): Interest expense, related parties Interest expense Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss of impairment of intangible assets Change in fair value of derivatives Amortization of debt discount Other income Total other income (expense) Net loss Basic and diluted earnings per share on net loss Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS , INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 Series A Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, June 30, 2022 Contributed capital - - Net loss - - Balance, June 30, 2023 Warrants issued with notes payable - - Stock issued for services - Conversio of notes payable and accrued interest - Stok issued in satisfaction of accounts payable - Stock-based compensation - - Net loss - -- Balance, June 30, 2024 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, IN C. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the years ended June 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Stock issued for services Amortization of royalty fee liability discount Amortization of debt discount Loss on disposal of property and equipment Loss on impairment of intangible assets Change in fair value of derivatives Amortization of right-of-use Changes in operating assets liabilities - Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Deposits Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest, related party Accrued interest Net cash used by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Collections from notes receivable Acquisition of fixed assets Net cash used by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from notes payable, related party Payments on SBA loan Payments on notes payable Proceeds from line of credit Payments on line of credit Payments on finance lease Net cash provided by financing activities Increase in Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and equivalents at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Assignment of Visa Licensing Fee Accounts payable and accrued expenses converted to convertible notes payable Accrued interest converted to convertible notes payable See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-9 Table of Contents INNOVATIVE MEDTECH, INC. (FORMERLY FRESH HARVEST PRODUCTS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 and , respectively. As of June 30, 2024, the Company maintained total assets of , total liabilities including long-term debt of along with an accumulated deficit of . The Company continues to have limited capital resources and has experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations and expects these conditions to continue for the foreseeable future. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had cash available for operations and had an accumulated deficit of . Management believes that cash on hand as of June 30, 2024 is not sufficient to fund operations through June 30, 2024. The Company will be required to raise additional funds to meet its short and long-term planned goals. There can be no assurance that such funds, if available at all, can be obtained on terms reasonable to the Company. F-10 Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents at June 30, 2024. For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. There were no cash equivalents as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. Earnings Per Share Calculation of CSE not included in the diluted per share because they are considered anti-dilutive. F-11 Table of Contents Trademarks Non-Compete Agreement CARF Accreditation Franchise Agreements An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. Revenue Recognition Patient Fees F-12 Table of Contents Franchise Fees Income Taxes F-13 Table of Contents Fair value of financial instruments Embedded Conversion Features Derivative financial instruments F-14 Table of Contents Debt Issue Costs and Debt Discount Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Subsequent Events F-15 Table of Contents Total notes receivable Less long-term Total short term notes receivable Vehicles Computer equipment Furniture and fixtures Less: Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment - net Depreciation expense was and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. F-16 Table of Contents Trademarks Non-Compete Agreement CARF Accreditation Franchise Agreements Website development Less: accumulated amortization Intangible assets - net The Company is amortizing these intangible over their respective remaining useful lives. The Company recorded amortization expense in the amount of and for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an impairment expense of intangible assets of and . and , respectively, in outstanding notes payable, as follows: 2 3 4 5 6 7 Total Total Current Total Long Term ________ These notes were assumed in connection with the acquisition on March 25, 2021. As of June 30, 2024, these notes are in default. Year Ended June 30, 2026 Year Ended June 30, 2027 Year Ended June 30, 2028 Total future payments F-17 Table of Contents and , respectively, in outstanding notes payable, related parties. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had and , respectively, in accrued interest related to these notes. Some of these notes were assumed in connection with the acquisition on March 25, 2021. 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 11/31/23 15 16 17 18 19 Total As of June 30, 2024, these notes are in default. On January 17, 2023, the Company signed a note receivable of from a company founded and partially owned by the Company s Chairman, Charles Everhardt. On February 8, 2023, the Company signed a note receivable of from a company founded and partially owned by the Company s Chairman, Charles Everhardt. The above amounts and terms are not necessarily what third parties would agree to. F-18 Table of Contents Total Current As of June 30, 2024, these notes are in default. F-19 Table of Contents and , respectively, in the form of an SBA loan. Installment payments, including principal and interest of are due monthly beginning on . The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty years from the promissory note date. The interest accrues at a rate of per annum. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and in accrued interest related to the SBA loan. Year Ended June 30, 2026 Year Ended June 30, 2027 Year Ended June 30, 2028 Year Ended June 30, 2029 Payments 2030 Beyond Total Payments The following tables summarizes the effects on the Company s gain (loss) associated with changes in the fair values of the derivative financial instruments by type of financing for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: The financings giving rise to derivative financial instruments and the income effects: Total derivative gain (loss) The Company s convertible notes gave rise to derivative financial instruments. The notes embodied certain terms and conditions that were not clearly and closely related to the host debt agreement in terms of economic risks and characteristics. These terms and features consist of the embedded conversion option. F-20 Table of Contents Contractual conversion rate - - - Range of effective contractual conversion rates - - - Contractual term to maturity Year Years Years Market volatility: Volatility - - - Contractual interest rate - - - The following table reflects the issuances of compound embedded derivatives and changes in fair value inputs and assumptions related to the compound embedded derivatives during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. Issuances: Convertible Note Financing Removals Changes in fair value inputs and assumptions reflected Conversions Ending balance The fair value of the compound embedded derivative is significantly influenced by the Company s trading market price, the price volatility in trading and the interest components of the Monte Carlo Simulation technique. shares of common stock of Vitality RX, Inc., a Delaware corporation Vitality ), representing ownership of Vitality, from Vitality s five shareholders identified in the Share Exchange Agreement (the Vitality Shareholders ), in consideration of the issuance by the Company to the Vitality Shareholders of 5,500,000 shares of Innovative common stock, and (such shares of common stock and preferred stock collectively the Shares ). On or about April 28, 2022, the transaction closed, Innovative received the stock of Vitality from the Vitality Shareholders, and issued the Shares to the Vitality Shareholders. The Company determined that Vitality did not meet the definition of a business under ASC 805, as such, the issuance of shares was treated as stock-based compensation expense. Common Stock On or about April 12, 2024, the Company issued common shares, par value, per share, to several consultants for consulting services and their expertise in technology, financial services and media. On or about March 7, 2024, the Company issued common shares, par value, per share, to several consultants for consulting services and their expertise in technology, financial services and media. Conversion of Notes Payable to Common Shares On April 4, 2024, one Noteholders converted two notes for a total of of convertible promissory notes into common shares of the Company, F-21 Table of Contents authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, per share. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations The Preferred Shares each have Certificate of Designations, which designate as follows: Number shares of the Parent Company s Preferred Stock are designated as shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share. Dividends Any dividends (other than dividends on common stock payable solely in common stock or dividends on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock payable solely in Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or dividends on the Series B Preferred Convertible Stock payable solely in Series B Convertible Preferred Stock) declared or paid in any fiscal year will be declared or paid among the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and common stock then outstanding in proportion to the greatest whole number of shares of common stock which would be held by each such holder if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designations. The Parent Company s Board of Directors is under no obligation to declare dividends on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Conversion Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Parent Company s common stock (the Conversion Rate ). Liquidation In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Parent Company, the assets of the Parent Company legally available for distribution by the Parent Company would be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the holders of the Preferred Stock and common stock in proportion to the number of shares of common stock held by them, with the shares of Preferred Stock being treated for this purpose as if they had been converted to shares of common stock at the then applicable Conversion Rate. Voting On any matter presented to the stockholders of the Parent Company for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Parent Company (or by written consent of stockholders in lieu of meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock would be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter. Except as provided by law or by the other provisions of the Parent Company s Certificate of Incorporation, holders of Preferred Stock vote together with the holders of common stock as a single class. and as of June 30, 2023 was . The net change in allowance during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. As of June 30, 2024, the Company has federal net operating loss carry forwards of approximately The Company may be able to utilize its NOLs to reduce future federal and state income tax liabilities. However, these NOLs are subject to various limitations under Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382. IRC Section 382 limits the use of NOLs to the extent there has been an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points. In addition, the NOL carry-forwards are subject to examination by the taxing authority and could be adjusted or disallowed due to such exams. Although the Company has not undergone an IRC Section 382 analysis, it is possible that the utilization of the NOLs could be substantially limited. The Company has no tax provision for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 due to losses and full valuation allowances against net deferred tax assets. As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the difference between the tax provision at the statutory federal income tax rate and the tax provision attributable to loss before income taxes is as follows (in percentages): State taxes net of federal benefits Valuation allowance Income tax rate net F-22 Table of Contents and , respectively, subject to further interest and penalties. The total amount due to both taxing authorities including penalties and interest as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately subject to further penalties and interest. This is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. IRS Tax Lien The Internal Revenue Service has placed a federal tax lien on all of the assets of the Company. . SarahCare closed this location in April 2024. The Company is currently negotiating with the landlord to find a new tenant and to repay the remaining amounts due on this lease. SarahCare The Company is currently in default under its payment obligations in connection with the acquisition of SarahCare. The Company has Million Dollars on its balance sheet for the payment obligation due SarahCare, for the years ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023. The Company is involved in a lawsuit with the original shareholders of SarahCare, who are seeking in damages, plus interests, costs and attorney fees; this amount includes te original Million. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter, and belives that the likelihood of a negative outcome is considered to be remote. square feet at 4472 Darrow Road, Stow, Ohio 44224. The lease expires on and the lease payments are as follows: May 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 ________ The Company has to repay the lessor monthly payments as a result of COVID relief. F-23 Table of Contents square feet at 4580 Stephen Circle NW. Canton, OH 44718. The monthly lease payments are and the lease expired on . In connection with the acquisition of Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc. on March 25, 2021, the Company acquired a facilities lease with square feet in Jackson, Ohio. The monthly lease payments are , which includes monthly payments of as repayments for COVID relief. The lease expires on . S. Frank Professional Lease Operating lease right-of-use asset and liability are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value is the incremental borrowing rate, estimated to be , as the interest rate implicit in most of the Company s leases is not readily determinable. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Since the common area maintenance expenses are expenses that do not depend on an index or rate, they are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability and recognized in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Right-of-use asset is summarized below: Less: accumulated amortization Right-of-use asset, net Less: accumulated amortization Right-of-use asset, net Operating lease liability is summarized below: Less: current portion Long term portion Less: current portion Long term portion F-24 Table of Contents Year ending June 30, 2026 Year ending June 30, 2027 Present value discount Lease liability Year ending June 30, 2025 Year ending June 30, 2026 Year ending June 30, 2027 Present value discount Lease liability Finance leases Commencing during the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company leases office equipment under two finance leases with combined monthly payments of . The leases mature on and . Finance right of use assets are summarized below: Less accumulated amortization Finance right of use asset F-25 Table of Contents . Amortization expense was and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Finance lease liabilities are summarized below: Less: current portion Long term portion Year Ended June 30, 2026 Year Ended June 30, 2027 Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest PV of payments F-26 Table of Contents shares of the Company s common stock at (the Options ), in consideration of prior services rendered by Mr. Friedman to the Company. The Options shall be issued to Mr. Friedman s limited liability company, Red Halo, LLC. As of June 30, 2024, a company founded and partially owned by the Company s Chairman, Charles Everhardt, has been assigned the in payables to a Company owned by Charle s Everhardt for the Vitality Card, this amount included which was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of June 30, 2023. The above amounts and terms are not necessarily what third parties would agree to. , at an interest rate of and a maturity date of . If the Company defaults, then the Notes have a conversion price at the lower of of or a . On July 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Promissory Note Agreement with a lender in the amount of , at an interest rate of and a maturity date of . If the Company defaults, then the Notes have a conversion price at the lower of of or a . F-27 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure We have had no disagreements with our accountants required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 304 of Regulation S-K. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended June 30, 2024, covered by this Form 10-K. Based upon such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and related financial information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements and notes have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The management of the Company is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A company s internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of directors of the Company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting As of June 30, 2024, based upon the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of June 30, 2024, the Company had material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the Company s internal control over financial reporting were not effective. Specifically, management identified the following material weaknesses at June 30, 2024: 1. Lack of oversight by independent directors in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; 2. Lack of functioning audit committee, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; 3. Insufficient personnel resources within the accounting function to segregate the duties over financial transaction processing and reporting and to allow for proper monitoring controls over accounting; 4. Insufficient written policies and procedures over accounting transaction processing and period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. 28 Table of Contents To remediate our internal control weaknesses, management intends to implement the following measures: The Company will add sufficient number of independent directors to the board and appoint an audit committee. The Company will add sufficient knowledgeable accounting personnel to properly segregate duties and to effect a timely, accurate preparation of the financial statements. Upon the hiring of additional accounting personnel, the Company will develop and maintain adequate written accounting policies and procedures. The additional hiring is contingent upon the Company s efforts to obtain additional funding through equity or debt for its continued operational activities and corporate expenses. Management provides no assurances that it will be able to do so. We understand that remediation of material weaknesses and deficiencies in internal controls are a continuing work in progress due to the issuance of new standards and promulgations. However, remediation of any known deficiency is among our highest priorities. Our management will periodically assess the progress and sufficiency of our ongoing initiatives and make adjustments as and when necessary. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide, and this annual report does not include, an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except as set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 29 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The following table sets forth information with respect to persons who served as directors and officers of the Company during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024. Each director holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until his successor has been elected and qualified. Name Age Positions Charles Everhardt 63 Chairman of the Board (1) Michael Friedman 47 Director (1)(3), CEO, President Chief Financial Officer (2) Merle Griff, Ph.D. 75 Chief Executive Officer (4) __________ (1) All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. (2) Michael Friedman has been the Interim CEO, Interim CFO and Interim President since March 25, 2021, and on May 24, 2022, resigned as Interim CEO and became President (and remaining as Interim CFO). On April 18, 2024, Michael Friedman was appointed as CEO of the Company. (3) Michael Friedman was Chairman of the Board from December 16, 2005, until March 25, 2021, when he became a Director. (4) On May 24, 2022, Merle Griff, Ph.D. became Chief Executive Officer, until April 18, 2024, when she was terminated. Biographies of Directors and Officers The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. Mr. Everhardt, appointed as Chairman of our Board of Directors on March 25, 2021, has been active in many aspects of real estate, brokerage, development, construction, lending, banking, and purchasing of distressed assets, for over two decades. Mr. Everhardt created and became a partner with Infinity Cards and founded Spindeltop Ventures, LLC, which had a world-wide relationship with MasterCard and Google Wallet, for its affinity prepaid debit cards. Mr. Everhardt has been a partner in Lockwood Development partners, Inc., since 2015. Mr. Everhardt is a partner in Lockwood Development Partners, a real estate investment and development company. The Company believes that Mr. Everhardt s extensive real estate and development experience makes him a valuable member of the Company s Board of Directors. Michael Friedman, LLM, JD, served as the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors from December 2005, until March 25, 2021, when he became our Interim CEO, Interim CFO and Interim President. On May 24, 2022, Mr. Friedman resigned as Interim CEO and became President of the Company, and remaining as the Company s Interim CFO. On April 18, 2024 Mr. Friedman was appointed as CEO of the Company, in addition to being the President and CFO, and remains a Director of the Company. Since 2014, Mr. Friedman has been an advisor, Board of Director Member, and chief financial officer for multiple companies in several industries, primarily focusing in media and technology. Mr. Friedman is co-Founder and CEO of Treat Holdings, LLC which developed the TreatER mobile application which is available on the Apple App Store and directs users to the nearest urgent care or emergency room. The Company previously had a relationship with Treat Holdings, which was terminated on March 25, 2021. On October 1, 2021, Mr. Friedman became President, CEO and a Director of Trident Brands Incorporated (OTC Pink: TDNT). Mr. Friedman received a Master of Laws in Taxation (LL.M.) and a Juris Doctor (JD) from New York Law School. The Company believes that Mr. Friedman s extensive business experience and legal expertise makes him a valuable member of the Company s Board of Directors. 30 Table of Contents Merle Griff, Ph.D., had served as the Chief Executive Officer from May 24, 2022 until April 18, 2024, when she was terminated. Dr. Griff remains CEO of the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Sarah Care. Dr. Griff is the Founder and has been the CEO of SarahCare (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) since its inception approximately 35 years ago, and she is one of the leading authorities on the care of seniors in the United States. Dr. Griff has served on numerous national boards and task forces including being the past Chairperson of the Board of Directors for NADSA (National Adult Day Services Association), member of the International Advisory Board for CARF (Commission on the Accreditation for Rehabilitation Facilities) and a task force member for the study of adult day care in the US for the Assistant Secretary of Program and Evaluation in the Department of Aging. Dr. Griff began her professional career working with children and youth as a play therapist. She developed therapeutic techniques that have been published and used throughout the world, namely Family Play Therapy and Intergenerational Play Therapy. As Director of the McKinley Center Intergenerational Project, she developed many programs that brought together children from babies through college-age with seniors. Dr. Griff is the author of Linkages, a book based on research intergenerational programs, and numerous book chapters and journal articles on topics such as the role of grandparents in family systems. Dr. Griff s vast knowledge and deep experience in healthcare and adult day care made her a valuable member of the Company s executive team. There are no family relationships among any of our directors and executive officers. Our directors are elected at the annual meeting of the shareholders, with vacancies filled by the Board of Directors, and serve until their successors are elected and qualified, or their earlier resignation or removal. Officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any action required can be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation which may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if consent of consents in writing setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office, its principle place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which the proceedings of meetings are recorded. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Pursuant to Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, we have the power to indemnify any person made a party to any lawsuit by reason of being a director or officer of the Company, or serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Our articles of incorporation provide that the Company shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Insofar as indemnification by us for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling the company pursuant to provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification by such director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being offered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 31 Table of Contents Involvement on Certain Material Legal Proceedings During the Last Five Years None of our Officers and/or Directors have filed any bankruptcy petition, been convicted of or been the subject of any criminal proceedings or the subject of any order, judgment or decree involving the violation of any state or federal securities laws within the past ten (10) years. No director, nominee for director, or executive officer has appeared as a party in any legal proceeding material to an evaluation of his ability or integrity during the past ten (10) years. Directors and Officers Liability Insurance The Company does not have directors and officers liability insurance insuring our directors and officers against liability for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer. Corporate Governance and Board Independence Our Board of Directors consists of two directors and has not established a Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees. The Board does not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. Due to our lack of operations and size, and since we are not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we are not subject to any listing requirements mandating the establishment of any particular committees; all functions of a nominating/governance committee were performed by our whole board of directors. Our board of directors intends to appoint such persons and form such committees as are required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by the national securities exchanges as necessary. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees at the early stage of the company s development, and our board of directors believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members of our board of directors. We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. Board Leadership Structure and the Board s Role in Risk Oversight. The Board of Directors is led by our Chairman. At this time, the Board believes that the most effective leadership structure at this time is to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors does not have a specific role in risk oversight of the Company. The President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and employees of the Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the Company s risks. 32 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, certain information regarding the compensation earned by the Company s named executive officers. Summary Compensation Table Name and Stock Option All Other Principal Fiscal Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Total Position Year (1 (2 (3 (4 (5 ) Michael Friedman President CEO 2024 150,000 (6) - - 156,000 (7) - 306,000 President 2023 150,000 (6) - - 156,000 (7) - 306,000 President CEO 2022 150,000 (6) - - 156,000 (7) - 306,000 Merle Griff, Ph.D. 2024 - - - 156,000 (8) - 156,000 CEO 2023 - - - 156,000 (8) - 156,000 CEO 2022 - - - 156,000 (8) - 156,000 ________ (1) The dollar value of salary (cash and non-cash) earned and accrued as of the end of each fiscal year. (2) The dollar value of bonus (cash and non-cash) earned and accrued as of the end of each fiscal year. (3) The value of the shares of restricted stock issued as compensation for services computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. (4) The value of all stock options computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. (5) All other compensation received that could not be properly reported in any other column of the table. (6) This includes earned and paid salary of 65,000 and accrued salary of 85,000 for 2022 and 0 accrued salary for 2021. (7) Options awards granted include 50,000 options at 1.56 exercise price, for a signing bonus and 50,000 options at 1.56 exercise price for achieving revenue growth of 12 or greater. (8) Options awards granted include 50,000 options at 1.56 exercise price, for a signing bonus and 50,000 options at 1.56 exercise price for achieving revenue growth of 12 or greater. Long-Term Incentive Plans . The Company does not provide its officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive or other plans, nor does it provide non-qualified deferred compensation to its officers or employees, and therefore, the Summary Compensation Table above does not include columns for nonequity incentive plan compensation and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings, since there were none. Employee Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans . The Company does not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement plan, although it may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. Executive Compensation . The Company does not have a director agreement with Mr. Friedman. Through June 30, 2020, Mr. Friedman accrued 144,000 in salary per year pursuant to an employment contract which expired on October 31, 2010, and then an oral agreement with the Company, which was then terminated, and 24,000 in director fees per year pursuant to an oral agreement with the Company, which was then terminated. In connection with Dr. Griff s appointment and Mr. Friedman s resignation, on May 24, 2022, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Griff (the Employment Agreement ), as well as a consulting agreement with Mr. Friedman s entity, Red Halo, LLC (the Consulting Agreement ), with both agreements considered effective as of May 2, 2022. On April 18, 2024, Dr Griff was terminated from her position as CEO of the Company, and her agreement was terminated. On April 18, 2024 Mr. Friedman was appointed as CEO of the Company. 33 Table of Contents Under the Consulting Agreement, Mr. Friedman will provide management, financial and operational services to the Company and continue to act as the Company s President, and will be compensated as follows: (i) Mr. Friedman s entity, Red Halo, LLC (the Consultant will receive a signing bonus consisting of non-qualified, cashless-exercise stock options to purchase 50,000 shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of 1.56/share, with a term of 7 years; (ii) the Consultant will be paid 150,000 in cash fees per year, upon completion of a 6,600,000 capital raise by the Company, such annual cash fee shall increase to 200,000 per year, and such annual cash fee shall increase by an additional 50,000 per year for each 10,000,000 increase in the Company s gross revenues over 1,000,000; (iii) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year beginning June 30, 2024, the Consultant will receive an annual cash bonus of at least 60,000 (the precise amount to be determined by the Company) if the Company s net income (specifically excluding any extraordinary major shareholder-related expenses) is at or greater than 600,000 for such fiscal year; (iv) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year beginning June 30, 2024, if the Company s total revenue has grown at least 12 from its prior fiscal year, the Consultant will receive an equity bonus consisting of non-qualified, cashless-exercise stock options to purchase a minimum of 50,000 shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of 1.56/share, with a term of 7 years; and (v) the Consultant shall be eligible to receive the following 7-year, non-qualified, cashless-exercise stock options for each fiscal year determined by reference to the Company s gross revenue for such fiscal year as set forth below: Gross Revenue Number of Options Strike Price 5,000,000 100,000 1.56 10,000,000 150,000 2.00 20,000,000 200,000 3.00 40,000,000 250,000 4.00 75,000,000 300,000 5.00 100,000,000 350,000 6.00 The Consulting Agreement prohibits Mr. Friedman from engaging in competitive activity during the terms of the agreements with the Company, and the agreements can be terminated by either the Company or Mr. Friedman, provided that if the agreements are terminated by the Company without cause or by the counterparties for good reason, as such terms are defined in each respective agreement, the Company is obligated to make additional payments to Mr. Friedman as specified in the agreements. 34 Table of Contents Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation . During the year ended June 30, 2020, none of the Company s officers was also a member of the compensation committee or a director of another entity, which other entity had one of its executive officers serving as one of the Company s directors. Outstanding Equity Awards . Our directors and officers do not have unexercised options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards. Director Independence During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not have an independent director. Director Compensation Table Fiscal Fees Earned or Name Year Ending June 30 Paid in Cash (1) Stock Awards Option Awards All Other Compensation Total ) Charles Evehardt (2) 2024 - - - - - 2023 - - - - - Michael Friedman (3) 2024 - - - - - 2023 - - - - - ________ (1) All cash fees were accrued to the directors. (2) Appointed as Chairman of the Board on March 25, 2021 (3) Chairman of the Board through March 25, 2021, and Member of the Board of Directors thereafter. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table lists, as of September 28, 2023, the number of shares of voting capital stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding class of stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 35 Table of Contents The percentages below are calculated based on 22,748,055 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of April 4, 2024, and 367,500 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2022. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at the election of the holder into 100 shares of common stock, and each share entitles the holder to 100 stockholder votes. We do not have any other outstanding options, warrants exercisable for, or other securities convertible into shares of our common stock within the next 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed below is care of Innovative MedTech, Inc. 2310 York St., Suite 200, Blue Island, IL 60406. Name of Beneficial Owner Title of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Charles Everhardt (1) Common Stock 12,548,834 (2) 55.16 Michael Friedman (3) Common Stock 3,418,607 15.03 Edward Dovner Common Stock 12,548,834 (4) 55.16 Martin Herskowitz (5) Common Stock 1,987,500 (6) 8.74 Kova Trading, LLC (7) Common Stock 3,180,000 (8) 13.98 Beverly and Leonard Mezei (9) Common Stock 9,407,432 (10) 41.35 Raymond Irni (11) Common Stock 1,101,686 4.84 Merle Griff, PhD Common Stock - 0.00 Len Morales Common Stock 807,295 3.55 All Officers and Directors as a Group Common Stock 15,967,441 70.33 Charles Everhardt (12) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 100,542 27.36 Edward Dovner (13) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 100,542 27.36 Martin Herskovitz (14) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 15,875 4.32 Kova Trading, LLC (15) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 25,400 6.91 Beverly and Leonard Mezei (16) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 75,141 20.45 VC Bin, LLC (17) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 50,000 13.61 All Officers and Directors as a Group Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 100,542 27.36 36 Table of Contents ________ (1) Chairman of the Board of Directors. (2) Includes (i) 2,460,012 shares of common stock held in the name of EF Trust, LLC, which is managed by Mr. Everhardt s son, Maximillian Everhardt, with Mr. Everhardt having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of EF Trust, LLC; (ii) 10,054,200 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 100,542 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of EF Trust, LLC; and (iii) 114,244 shares of common stock held in the name of D E Holdings 20, LLC, which is owned 50 by Mr. Everhardt, with Mr. Everhardt sharing voting and dispositive power for shares held in the name of entity. (3) President and Director. Held in the name of Red Halo, LLC. Mr. Friedman has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Red Halo, LLC. (4) Includes (i) 2,460,012 shares of common stock held in the name of Clear Financial Group, LLC, with Mr. Dovner having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Clear Financial Group, LLC; (ii) 10,054,200 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 100,542 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of Clear Financial Group, LLC; and (iii) 114,244 shares of common stock held in the name of D E Holdings 20, LLC, which is owned 50 by Mr. Dovner, with Mr. Dovner sharing voting and dispositive power for shares held in the name of entity. (5) Held in the name of BH Madison, LLC. Mr. Herskowitz has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of BH Madison, LLC. (6) Includes 400,000 shares of common stock and 1,587,500 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 15,875 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name BH Madison, LLC. (7) Upon information and belief, Amy Friedman (no relationship with Michael Friedman, an officer and director of the Company), Miriam Abrahams and Andrew Mezei share voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Kova Trading, LLC. (8) Includes 640,000 shares of common stock and 2,540,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 25,400 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of Kova Trading, LLC. (9) Spouses. 37 Table of Contents (10) Includes (i) 640,000 shares of common stock held in the name of Grosvenor Ventures, LLC, with Beverly Mezei having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Grosvenor Ventures, LLC; (ii) 2,540,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 25,400 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of Grosvenor Ventures, LLC; (iii) 640,000 shares of common stock held in the name of Hutton Holdings, LLC, with Leonard Mezei having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Hutton Holdings, LLC; (iv) 2,540,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 25,400 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of Hutton Holdings, LLC; (v) 613,332 shares of common stock held in the name of the 2010 Mezei GST Trust, with Beverly Mezei having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of the 2010 Mezei GST Trust; and (vi) 2,434,100 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 24,341 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of the 2010 Mezei GST Trust. (11) Held in the name of Green Silver, LLC. Mr. Irni has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Green Silver, LLC. (12) Chairman of the Board of Directors. Held in the name of EF Trust, LLC, which is managed by Mr. Everhardt s son, Maximillian Everhardt. Mr. Everhardt has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of EF Trust, LLC. (13) Held in the name of Clear Financial Group, LLC. Mr. Dovner has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Clear Financial Group, LLC. (14) Held in the name of BH Madison, LLC. Mr. Herskowitz has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of BH Madison, LLC. (15) Upon information and belief, Amy Friedman (no relationship with Michael Friedman, an officer and director of the Company), Miriam Abrahams and Andrew Mezei have voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Kova Trading, LLC. (16) Includes (i) 25,400 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of Grosvenor Ventures, LLC, with Beverly Mezei having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Grosvenor Ventures, LLC; (ii) 25,400 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of Hutton Holdings, LLC, with Leonard Mezei having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of Hutton Holdings, LLC; and (iii) 24,341 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held in the name of the 2010 Mezei GST Trust, with Beverly Mezei having voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of the 2010 Mezei GST Trust. (17) Upon information and belief, Diana Fletcher has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held in the name of VC Bin, LLC. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no relationships or related party transactions requiring disclosure, except for the following: As of June 30, 2024, the Company maintains its corporate address in at 2310 York Street, Suite 200, Blue Island, IL, 60406. This space is provided by the Company s Chairman, Charles Everhardt, a related party, on a rent free basis at the present time. The Company does not currently have a lease for this space at this time but expects to enter into a month-to-month office lease for this space. As of June 30, 2024, a company founded and partially owned by the Company s Chairman, Charles Everhardt, has been assigned the 3,750,000 in payables to a Company owned by Charles Everhardt for the Vitality Card. The amounts and terms are not necessarily what third parties would agree to. Director Independence Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this review, our board of directors determined that our directors do not meet the independence requirements, according to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. 38 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, for the categories of services indicated. Years Ended June 30, Category 2024 2023 Audit Fees 68,000 65,000 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 68,000 65,000 On or about June 5, 2024, the Company engaged Astra Audit Advisory, LLC as its independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended June 30, 2024. On or about October 17, 2022, the Company engaged Accell Audit Compliance, PA as its independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended June 30, 2023. Audit fees. Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our interim financial information and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end and quarter-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-related fees. Consists of fees billed for services relating to review of other regulatory filings including registration statements, periodic reports and audit related consulting. Tax fees. Consists of professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. Other fees. Other services provided by our accountants. 39 Table of Contents PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules See the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this Registration Statement, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (New Jersey) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10SB filed with the SEC on June 29, 2005) 3.2 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10SB filed with the SEC on June 29, 2005) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2006) 3.4 Certificate of Incorporation (Delaware) 3.5 Certificate of Merger (redomiciling from New Jersey to Delaware) 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 3.7 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 10.1+ Standard Office Lease by and between DeVille Developments, LLC, and Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., dated June 2, 2017 10.2+ Lease by and between Stow Professional Center, LLC, and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc., dated September 4, 2014 10.3+ Lease Agreement by and between S. Frank Prof. Bldg., LLC, and Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc., dated March 20, 2018 10.4+ Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Innovative MedTech, Inc., Sarah Adult Day Services, Inc., Sarah Day Care Centers, Inc., The Sellers Named Herein, Dr. Merle Griff, as the Seller Representative, and Veteran Services LLC, dated as of March 25, 2021 10.5 Share Exchange Agreement, by and between Innovative MedTech, Inc., VC Bin, LLC, Webb Media, LLC, Melides Capital, LLC, Ronald Schreiber, and Dovner Holdings, LLC, dated April 26, 2022 10.6 Executive Employment Agreement between Innovative MedTech, Inc. and Dr. Merle Griff, dated May 2, 2022 10.7 Consulting Agreement between Innovative MedTech, Inc. and Red Halo, LLC, dated May 2, 2022 10.8 Exclusive License Agreement by and between Innovative MedTech, Inc. and Shearson Kershman Labs, dated May 17, 2024 14.1 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2006) 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ________ Filed herewith + Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) and/or Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Commission upon request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedule or exhibit so furnished. 40 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Innovative MedTech, Inc. By: /s/ Michael Friedman Michael Friedman CEO, President Interim CFO Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Name Title Date /s/ Charles Everhardt Chairman of the Board October 15, 2024 Charles Everhardt /s/ Michael Friedman Director, President Interim CFO October 15, 2024 Michael Friedman 41 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 imth_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael J. Friedman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Innovative MedTech, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 15, 2024 By: /s/ Mi chael J. Friedman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 imth_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael J. Friedman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Innovative MedTech, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 15, 2024 By: /s/ Michael J. Friedman Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 imth_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael J. Friedman, Chief Executive Officer of Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: October 15, 2024 By: /s/ Mi chael J. Friedman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 imth_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 imth_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael J. Friedman, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Innovative MedTech, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: October 15, 2024 By: /s/ Michael J. Friedman Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 imth-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 imth-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 imth-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 imth-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

