<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241022_10-K_edgar_data_1625288_0001493152-24-041978.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>42040937</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220923</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>37793320</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1775674</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1022172</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1112479</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-041978.hdr.sgml : 20241022
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241022150039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-041978
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241022
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241022

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXIEN BIOPHARMA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625288
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				262049376
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55320
		FILM NUMBER:		241385909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4340 E KENTUCKY AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206
		CITY:			GLENDALE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80246
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3034957583

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4340 E KENTUCKY AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206
		CITY:			GLENDALE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80246

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intiva BioPharma Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171129

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kinder Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-041978.txt : 20241022

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.0001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter: as of December 31, 2023. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
shares as of October 22, 2024 . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

List
hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K into which the document is incorporated:

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains, in addition to historical information, certain information, assumptions and discussions that may constitute forward-looking
statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially than
those projected or anticipated. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although
the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot assure a reader that
the forward-looking statements set out in this report will prove to be accurate. The Company s business can be affected by, without
limitation, such things as natural disasters, economic trends, international strife or upheavals, consumer demand patterns, labor relations,
existing and new competition, consolidation, and growth patterns within the industries in which the Company competes and any deterioration
in the economy may individually or in combination impact future results. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 28 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 34 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 34 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 37 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 42 

SIGNATURES 
 43 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 
 BUSINESS. 

In
this report, unless the context requires otherwise, references to the Company , BioPharma , we ,
 us and our are to Nexien BioPharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation, formerly Intiva BioPharma Inc. 

Corporate
History 

The
Company was incorporated on November 10, 1952 in Michigan as Gantos, Inc. On July 21, 2008, the Company completed its change in domicile
to Delaware and subsequently changed its name to Kinder Holding Corp. Since bankruptcy liquidation in June 2000, the Company has not
had any operations and adopted fresh-start accounting as of June 21, 2000, in accordance with procedures specified by AICPA
Statement of Position No. 90-7, Financial Reporting by Entities in Reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code. 

As
of October 13, 2017, the Company completed a reverse acquisition of Intiva BioPharma Inc., a private Colorado corporation Colorado
BioPharma ). In connection with the completion of the reverse merger the Company changed its name to Intiva BioPharma Inc. on November
8, 2017. 

Colorado
BioPharma was formed under the laws of the State of Colorado in March 2017 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kanativa USA Inc. (formerly
Intiva USA Inc.) engaged in the business of developing drugs containing cannabinoids for the treatment of various diseases, disorders
and medical conditions; the development or licensing of proprietary delivery systems for cannabinoid-based 1 pharmaceutical
medications; and the investment in companies and the acquisition of technologies or medications, focused on cannabinoid-based science
through special purpose vehicles, discussed more fully below. Kanativa USA Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kanativa Inc., formerly
Intiva Inc., an Ontario, Canada corporation. 

The
Company changed its name to Nexien BioPharma, Inc. in September 2018. 

Business
Plan 

The
Company s business objective is to develop and commercialize novel FDA-compliant cannabinoid pharmaceuticals, drug delivery systems,
and related technologies for diseases, disorders and medical conditions. The Company is utilizing cannabinoids as the active pharmaceutical
ingredients to develop synthetic pharmaceuticals in strict accordance with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA pre-clinical and clinical pathways. 

The
Company s current flagship research and development programs are focused on advancing formulations that have the potential to significantly
improve the treatment outcomes of certain convulsive disorders and neuromuscular disorders. As of the date of this report, work on these
research and development programs has ceased due to the lack of sufficient funding. The Company is currently seeking a business combination
opportunity and maintaining the intellectual property assets which management believes have the most potential. 

Our
Drug Development Activities 

Due
to the significant amount of financing needed to develop and commercialize a new drug and the Company s limited resources, it is
focusing its efforts on advancing formulations that have the potential to significantly improve the treatment of myotonic dystrophy. 

1
 A cannabinoid is one of a class of diverse chemical compounds that acts on cannabinoid receptors in cells that alter neurotransmitter
release in the brain. Ligands for these receptor proteins include the endocannabinoids (produced naturally in the body by animals), the
phytocannabinoids (found in cannabis and some other plants), and synthetic cannabinoids (manufactured artificially). The most notable
cannabinoid is the phytocannabinoid tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the primary psychoactive compound in cannabis. Cannabidiol (CBD) is another
major constituent of the plant. There are at least 113 different cannabinoids isolated from cannabis, exhibiting varied effects. 

3 

Myotonic
Dystrophy 

Myotonic
dystrophy DM is part of a group of genetic disorders called muscular dystrophies and is the most common form of muscular
dystrophy that begins in adulthood. DM is characterized by progressive muscle wasting and weakness. People with this disorder often have
prolonged muscle contractions (myotonia) and are not able to relax certain muscles after use. Also, affected people may have slurred
speech or temporary locking of their jaw. Signs and symptoms overlap between DM Type 1 DM1 and Type 2 DM2 ),
although DM2 tends to be milder than DM1. The muscle weakness associated with DM1 particularly affects the lower legs, hands, neck and
face, while muscle weakness in DM2 primarily involves the muscles of the neck, shoulders, elbows, and hips. The two types of DM are caused
by mutations in different genes. 

The
use of cannabinoid receptor modulators and/or terpenes for clinical symptom relief in DM patients has not been explored. Current scientific
knowledge of the effects of cannabis on skeletal muscles or other multiple system symptoms in DM is rather limited. However, some anecdotal
reports suggest that cannabis may be supportive in relief of the most common symptoms in both DM1 and DM2. Unfortunately, currently there
is no standard treatment for these symptoms. 

Our
patent applications relate to methods and compositions for treating such diseases with the use of cannabinoids and covers the administration
of the drug(s) by such delivery systems as topical, oral, nasal, inhalation or a combination thereof. On July 07, 2020, a utility patent
was granted (US10702,495) relating to a method for treating the symptoms of myotonia with a therapeutically effective amount of cannabidiol
and tetrahydrocannabinol in a subject. Corresponding claims were also submitted in Europe. 

In
April 2018, the Company retained Dr. Benedikt Schoser, a world-renowned expert in DM, to advise the Company. To elicit further information
regarding whether DM patients have had any experience with cannabis and if so whether such experience has resulted in any symptom relief,
a questionnaire was sent to a number of DM 1 and DM 2 patients by patient organizations. The results of the questionnaire suggest further
exploration is appropriate. The survey was published in the Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery Psychiatry. 

On
August 13, 2019 we filed a pre-IND meeting request to discuss the requirements for submission of an Investigation New Drug Application
for a combination of Cannabidiol and THC Sublingual Tablet for muscle relaxation in patients with myotonic dystrophy and for the treatment
of myotonia. On October 8, 2019 we received written responses from the FDA to the questions we raised in the pre-IND meeting request.
We are presently evaluating the responses as we seek to move our development plan forward. 

The
FDA pathway for the development of drugs for certain of these genetic muscular diseases may fall under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983 ,
which was passed by the U.S. Congress to facilitate the development of orphan drugs. The FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs
intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States. Such an orphan
drug designation may entitle a recipient to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs,
tax credits for certain research and user fee waivers under certain circumstances. See risk factor We may apply for orphan
drug status granted by the FDA for some of our drug candidates for the treatment of rare diseases below. 

An
additional utility patent application (US16/435,756) was filed as a continuation-in-part on June 10, 2019, resulting in the issuance
of patent US10,702,495 on July 07, 2020, to incorporate some early formulation concepts that may show use in the relief of these DM symptoms.
A corresponding application has been filed at the European Patent Office (EP19179559.0). 

Our
Drug Delivery System Development Activities 

Accu-Break
License Agreement 

On
February 28, 2018, we obtained a worldwide exclusive license from Accu-Break Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Florida corporation Accu-Break with respect to a proprietary delivery system for cannabinoid-based medications. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts
to develop and commercialize one or more products utilizing the licensed technology and will be responsible for the costs and efforts
associated with the design, manufacturing, preclinical, clinical, and regulatory development activities of these licensed products worldwide. 

4 

Commencing
with the first commercial sale in any country worldwide of any licensed product by the Company or any of its affiliates or sublicensees,
the Company shall pay to Accu-Break royalties for licensed products sold, equal to 4 of the Company s net sales of licensed products
or 25 of the total revenue received by the Company for sales of licensed products by sublicensees. Such royalties shall continue so
long as the manufacture, use, sale, import or offer for sale of the licensed product infringes a valid claim of Accu-Break s licensed
technology. 

In
addition to the royalty payments described above, and as consideration for entering into the agreement, the Company agreed to pay Accu-Break
a license fee of 100,000, which has been paid in full. 

The
Company is also required to pay in cash or, at its option in shares of its Common Stock, milestone payments as follows: 

100,000
 upon approval of filing by each regulatory authority of each pharmaceutical licensed product; 

100,000
 upon approval by each regulatory authority of each pharmaceutical licensed product; 

50,000
 upon achievement of 10,000,000 of cumulative net sales for any and all of the licensed products; 

50,000
 upon achievement of 25,000,000 of cumulative net sales for any and all of the licensed products; and 

50,000
 upon achievement of 50,000,000 of cumulative net sales for any and all of the licensed products. 

The
license fee and milestone payments shall be offset against any amounts due to Accu-Break for royalties and sublicensee payments. 

The
license granted to the Company shall continue on a country-by-country basis and licensed product by licensed product basis so long as
the manufacture, use, sale, import or offer for sale of such licensed product infringes a valid claim of any of Accu-Break s licensed
technology. Upon such expiration, the license, with respect to such country and such licensed product, will be automatically converted
to a fully paid-up royalty-free perpetual license. 

The
license may be terminated by Accu-Break only for the Company s default under the Agreement, which default shall not have been corrected
within 60 days of having received notice of such default. 

Due
to the Company s limited financial and personnel resources, the Company estimated that it would not be able to recover the 65,000
of costs capitalized under the Accu-Break License Agreement and recognized an impairment of 65,000 at June 30, 2019. The 35,000 value
of common stock issued in the year ended June 30, 2020 was charged to operations. Although the Company has recognized an impairment under
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, it retains its rights under both of these license agreements. 

Patents,
Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights 

The
Company s patent application for Method and Compositions for Treating Dystrophies and Myotonia was granted on July 7, 2020 by the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 

In
addition, on June 8, 2018, a U.S. Patent Application was filed relating to the use of cannabinoid receptor modulators and/or terpenes
to treat extreme health hazards due to exposure to organophosphorus nerve agents and/or organophosphorus insecticides. A continuation
was filed on August 01, 2020 relating to a compound disclosed in the patent application with pending applications in Europe and Canada.
An Israeli patent (238946) was granted on July 01, 2019 for the Use of Cannabinoids and Terpenes for Treatment of Organophosphate and
Carbamate Toxicity based on licensed technology from Kotzker Consulting LLC. 

Competition 

The
emerging markets for cannabinoid-based drug research and development is and will likely remain competitive. In general, the biotechnology
and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong emphasis on proprietary
drugs. 

5 

We
expect that we will be required to compete with a variety of multinational pharmaceutical companies and specialized biotechnology companies,
as well as drugs and processes being developed at universities and other research institutions. Our competitors may develop or may already
have developed drugs comparable or competitive with our drug candidates. Competitive therapeutic treatments for diseases, disorders and
medical conditions that are included in our drug development projects have already been approved and accepted by the medical community
and any new treatments that may enter the market would face fierce competition. 

We
are aware of a number of companies that are engaged in cannabinoid-based drug development. In addition, several other U.S.-based companies
are in early-stage discovery and preclinical development utilizing synthetic and/or plant-derived CBD and/or THC. 

Established
companies may have a competitive advantage due to their size and experiences, positive cash flows and institutional networks. Many of
our competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources than we do. Due to these factors, our competitors
may have a range of competitive advantages and may obtain regulatory approval of their drug candidates before we are able to develop
or commercialize our drug candidates. Our competitors may also develop drugs that are safer, more effective, more widely used and less
expensive than ours. Furthermore, some of these competitors may make acquisitions or establish collaborative relationships among themselves
or with third parties to increase their ability to rapidly gain market share and/or increase their drug line. 

Mergers
and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller
number of competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies, such as ours, may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly
through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. We compete with large and small companies in recruiting and
retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration for clinical
trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to our research projects. 

Government
Laws and Regulations 

As
a development stage company that intends to have its drug candidates approved in the U.S., we are subject to extensive regulation by
regulatory agencies. The U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations set forth, among other things, requirements
for the research, testing, development, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, approval, labeling, storage, record keeping,
reporting, distribution, import, export, advertising and promotion of our drugs. Generally, our activities in other countries will be
subject to regulations that are similar in nature and scope as those in the United States, although there can be important differences.
Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in the European Union are addressed in a centralized way through the European Medicines
Agency EMA and the European Commission, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. The process
of obtaining regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes
and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources, and we may not be successful. 

The
US Regulatory Framework for the Marijuana Industry 

On
January 4, 2018, United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the Department of Justice DOJ issued a Memorandum for
all United States Attorneys entitled Marijuana Enforcement (the Sessions Memo ). The effect of the Sessions
Memo has been to rescind the guidance issued on August 29, 2013 relative to medical marijuana enforcement under the Cole Memorandum (the
 Cole Memo ). 

The
Sessions Memo instructs federal prosecutors to disregard the previous Obama-era Cole Memo guidance, and instead follow the well-established
principles that govern all federal prosecutions as reflected in chapter 9-27.000 of the U.S. Attorney s Manual. The Sessions
Memo continues, stating, these principles require federal prosecutors deciding which cases to prosecute to weigh all relevant
considerations, including federal law enforcement priorities set by the Attorney General, the seriousness of the crime, the deterrent
effect of criminal prosecution, and the cumulative impact of particular crimes in the community. 

6 

The
effect of the Cole Memo s rescission remains to be seen. Since 1980, when chapter 9-27.000 of the U.S. Attorney s Manual
was originally promulgated, the United States has undergone a dramatic shift in both national and state-level marijuana policy. In 1980,
there were no states in the U.S. with marijuana decriminalization or legalization statutes. As of June 30, 2024, a majority of the states
and the District of Columbia have enacted medical marijuana legislation in some form, with additional states considering similar legalization
measures. As a result, the manner in which the factors identified in chapter 9-27.000 of the U.S. Attorney s Manual (e.g. seriousness
of the crime, deterrent effect of criminal prosecution, and cumulative impact . . . in the community are
considered and interpreted today as a matter of prosecutorial discretion, will likely be different than the way in which they were considered
and interpreted in 1980. 

On
the same day of the Sessions Memo s release, numerous government officials, legislators and federal prosecutors in states with
medical and recreational marijuana statutes announced their intention to continue the Cole Memo-era status quo despite the DOJ s
decision to rescind it. The impact that this lack of uniformity between state and federal authorities could have on individual state
cannabis markets and the businesses that operate within them is unclear and the enforcement of relevant federal laws is a significant
risk. Please see disclosure under Item 1A - Risk Factors below. 

The
Department of Justice under the current Biden administration has not yet issued an official memorandum on this subject. 

We
intend to conduct some of our research and development relating to our drug candidates in the United States, at which time, our research
and development, future manufacturing, distribution and sale of our drugs will become subject to the United States Federal Controlled
Substances Act of 1970 and regulations promulgated thereunder. While cannabis is a Schedule I controlled substance, drugs approved
for medical use in the United States that contain cannabis or cannabis extracts must be placed in Schedules II-V, since approval by the
FDA satisfies the accepted medical use requirement. If any of our drug candidates will receive approval by the FDA, it
must be listed by the DEA as a Schedule II or III controlled substance to be allowed for commercialization. Consequently, the manufacture,
importation, exportation, domestic distribution, storage, sale and legitimate use of our future drugs will be subject to a significant
degree of regulation by the DEA. In addition, individual states in the United States have also established controlled substance laws
and regulations. Though state-controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, because the states are separate jurisdictions, they
may separately schedule our drugs. 

Regulations
Related to the Drug Regulatory Process 

We
operate in a highly controlled regulatory environment. Strict regulations establish requirements relating to analytical, toxicological
and clinical standards and protocols in respect to the testing of pharmaceuticals. Regulations also cover research, development, manufacturing
and reporting procedures, both pre- and post-approval. Failure to comply with regulations can result in stringent sanctions, including
product recalls, withdrawal of approvals, seizure of products and criminal prosecution. Further, many countries have stringent regulations
relating to the possession and use of cannabis or drugs derived from cannabis 

Before
obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our future drug candidates, we must demonstrate through preclinical studies
and clinical trials that our drug candidates are safe and effective. Historically, the results from preclinical studies and early clinical
trials often have not accurately predicted results of later clinical trials. In addition, many pharmaceuticals have shown promising results
in clinical trials but subsequently failed to establish sufficient safety and efficacy results to obtain necessary regulatory approvals. 

We
expect to incur substantial expense for, and devote a significant amount of time to, preclinical studies and clinical trials. Many factors
can delay the commencement and rate of completion of clinical trials, including the inability to recruit patients at the expected rate,
the inability to follow patients adequately after treatment, the failure to manufacture sufficient quantities of materials used for clinical
trials, and the emergence of unforeseen safety issues and governmental and regulatory delays. If a drug candidate fails to demonstrate
safety and efficacy in clinical trials, this failure may delay development of other drug candidates and hinder our ability to conduct
related preclinical studies and clinical trials. Additionally, if we have failures, we may also be expected to experience challenges,
delays or even the inability to obtain additional financing at acceptable terms and conditions. 

7 

Governmental
authorities in all major markets require that a new drug be approved or exempted from approval before it is marketed, and have established
high standards for technical appraisal, which can result in an expensive and lengthy approval process. The time to obtain approval varies
by country and some drugs are never approved. The lengthy process of conducting clinical trials, seeking approval and the subsequent
compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, if approval is obtained, are very costly and require the expenditure of substantial
resources. 

In
the United States, the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act , as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the safety and effectiveness
standards for our drugs and the raw materials and components used in the production of, testing, manufacture, labeling, storage, record
keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of drug candidates on a product-by-product basis. 

Preclinical
tests include in vitro and in vivo evaluation of the drug candidate, its chemistry, formulation and stability, and animal studies to
assess potential safety and efficacy. Certain preclinical tests must be conducted in compliance with good laboratory practice regulations.
Violations of these regulations can, in some cases, lead to invalidation of the studies, requiring them to be replicated. After laboratory
analysis and preclinical testing, testing, a sponsor files an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, to begin human testing. Typically,
a manufacturer conducts a three-phase human clinical testing program which itself is subject to numerous laws and regulatory requirements,
including adequate monitoring, reporting, record keeping and informed consent. In Phase I, small clinical trials are conducted to determine
the safety and proper dose ranges of drug candidates. In Phase II, clinical trials are conducted to assess safety and gain preliminary
evidence of the efficacy of drug candidates. In Phase III, clinical trials are conducted to provide sufficient data for the statistically
valid evidence of safety and efficacy. The time and expense that will be required for us to perform this clinical testing can vary and
is substantial. We cannot be certain that we will successfully complete Phase I, Phase II or Phase III testing within any specific period,
if at all. Furthermore, the FDA, the IRB are responsible for approving and monitoring the clinical trials at a given site, the Data Safety
Monitoring Board, where one is used, or we may suspend the clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that subjects
or patients are exposed to unacceptable health risk. 

If
the clinical data from these clinical trials (Phases I, II and III) are deemed to support the safety and effectiveness of the drug candidate
for its intended use, then we may proceed to seek to file with the FDA, a New Drug Application, or NDA, seeking approval to market a
new drug for one or more specified intended uses. We have not completed our clinical trials for any candidate drug for any intended use
and therefore, we cannot ascertain whether the clinical data will support and justify filing an NDA. Nevertheless, if and when we are
able to ascertain that the clinical data supports and justifies filing an NDA, we intend to make such appropriate filing. 

The
purpose of the NDA is to provide the FDA with sufficient information so that it can assess whether it should approve the drug candidate
for marketing for specific intended uses. The fact that the FDA has designated a drug as an orphan drug for a specific intended use does
not mean that the drug has been approved for marketing. Only after an NDA has been approved by the FDA is marketing allowed. A request
for orphan drug status must be filed before the NDA is filed. The orphan drug designation, though, provides certain benefits, including
a seven-year period of market exclusivity subject to certain exceptions. 

The
NDA normally contains, among other things, sections describing the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls, non-clinical pharmacology
and toxicology, human pharmacokinetics and bioavailability, microbiology, the results of the clinical trials, and the proposed labeling
which contains, among other things, the intended uses of the candidate drug. 

We
cannot take any action to market any new drug or biologic drug in the United States until our appropriate marketing application has been
approved by the FDA. The FDA has substantial discretion over the approval process and may disagree with our interpretation of the data
submitted. The process may be significantly extended by requests for additional information or clarification regarding information already
provided. As part of this review, the FDA may refer the application to an appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians.
Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements typically takes several years, and the actual time required may vary substantially
based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the drug. Government regulation may delay or prevent marketing of potential drugs for
a considerable period and impose costly procedures on our activities. We cannot be certain that the FDA or other regulatory agencies
will approve any of our drugs on a timely basis, if at all. Success in preclinical or early-stage clinical trials does not assure success
in later-stage clinical trials. Even if a drug receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific indications
or uses, and these limitations may adversely affect the commercial viability of the drug. Delays in obtaining, or failures to obtain
regulatory approvals, would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

8 

Even
after we obtain FDA approval, we may be required to conduct further clinical trials (i.e., Phase IV trials) and provide additional data
on safety and effectiveness. We are also required to gain separate approval for the use of an approved drug as a treatment for indications
other than those initially approved. In addition, side effects or adverse events that are reported during clinical trials can delay,
impede or prevent marketing approval. Similarly, adverse events that are reported after marketing approval can result in additional limitations
being placed on the drug s use and, potentially, withdrawal of the drug from the market. Any adverse event, either before or after
marketing approval, can result in product liability claims against us. 

As
an alternate path for FDA approval of new indications or new formulations of previously approved drugs, a company may file a Section
505(b)(2) NDA, instead of a stand-alone or full NDA. Section 505(b)(2) of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act was enacted as part of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 , otherwise known as the Hatch-Waxman
Amendments. Section 505(b)(2) permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from
studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Some examples of drugs
that may be allowed to follow a 505(b)(2) path to approval are drugs that have a new dosage form, strength, route of administration,
formulation or indication. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit the applicant to rely upon certain published nonclinical or clinical studies
conducted for an approved drug or the FDA s conclusions from prior review of such studies. The FDA may require companies to perform
additional studies or measurements to support any changes from the approved drug. The FDA may then approve the new drug for all or some
of the labeled indications for which the referenced listed drug has been approved, as well as for any new indication supported by the
NDA. While references to nonclinical and clinical data not generated by the applicant or for which the applicant does not have a right
of reference are allowed, all development, process, stability, qualification and validation data related to the manufacturing and quality
of the new drug must be included in an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2). 

To
the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on the FDA s conclusions regarding studies conducted for an already
approved drug, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved drug in the FDA s
 Orange Book publication. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been
filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date and approval
is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new drug. The Section 505(b)(2)
application also will not be approved until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical
entity, listed in the Orange Book for the reference drug has expired. Thus, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant may invest a significant
amount of time and expense in the development of its drugs only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before its drugs
may be commercialized. 

In
addition to regulating and auditing human clinical trials, the FDA regulates and inspects equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes
used in the manufacturing and testing of such drugs prior to providing approval to market a drug. 

Orphan
Drug Designation in the U.S. 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act , the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which
is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. If the disease or condition affects more
than 200,000 individuals in the United States, orphan drug designation may nevertheless be available if there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing and making the drug would be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States, a drug that
has received orphan drug designation is eligible for financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial
costs, tax credits for certain research and user fee waivers under certain circumstances. The Orphan Drug Act provides that, if a designated
drug is approved for the rare disease or condition for which it was designated, the approved drug will be granted seven years of orphan
drug exclusivity, which means the FDA generally will not approve any other application for a drug containing the same active moiety for
the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the
drug with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease
or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. In the European Union, orphan drug designation also entitles a party
to financial incentives such as a reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity following drug approval. This
period may be reduced to six years if the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the drug
is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 

9 

Orphan
drug designation must be requested before submission of an application for marketing approval. Products that qualify for orphan designation
may also qualify for other FDA programs that are intended to expedite the development and approval process and, as a practical matter,
clinical trials for orphan products may be smaller, simply because of the smaller patient population. Nonetheless, the same approval
standards apply to orphan-designated products as for other drugs. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten
the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this report, all of our officers are serving without compensation and have no employees. To the extent not covered by
the services of our offices, we expect to use third-party firms and individuals for our drug candidate development and management. 

Our
employees are not subject to any collective bargaining agreement. 

Research
and Development Activities 

We
have incurred no costs during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, on research and development for the Company. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 

You
should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties and other factors described below because they could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects and could negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock.
Also, you should be aware that the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties
that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may also impair our business operations and financial results.
Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our Common Stock
could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

In
assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
audited financial statements of BioPharma included in this Annual Report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going
concern and do not include any adjustments that might result if we cease to continue as a going concern. The development of pharmaceuticals
with the objective of obtaining approval by the FDA and other international regulatory authorities is not a short-term endeavor for any
specific drug candidate. It also requires extremely significant amounts of capital funding for clinical trials and other matters. At
June 30, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit of 361,249. The Company will require significant additional capital to fund
the implementation and execution of its business plan. This capital, which likely will be millions of dollars for a single drug candidate,
will be required for research, regulatory applications, and clinical trials. We have incurred an accumulated deficit of 11,534,473 since
our inception. We have funded these losses primarily through the sale of restricted shares of our Common Stock. 

10 

Based
on our financial history, in its report on the financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2024, our independent registered public
accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. To date, we have not generated any
revenues and we do not anticipate generating any significant revenues during the current fiscal year. 

Notwithstanding
BioPharma s success in raising approximately 2.1 million from the sale of its equity securities from inception in 2017 through
June 2024, and the completion of a debt financing agreement resulting in the receipt of 194,898 through June 30, 2024, there can be
no assurance that we will be able to continue to raise equity and/or debt capital from investors on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Company, find strategic or financial partners for a specific drug candidate, or have adequate capital resources required by us
to fund our current and future planned operations. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital resources to fund operations, we may be
required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our plan of operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and ability to operate as a going concern. 

The
Company has negative cash flow for the financial year ended June 30, 2024. 

The
Company had negative operating cash flow for the financial year ended June 30, 2024. To the extent that the Company has negative operating
cash flow in future periods, it may need to allocate a portion of its cash reserves to fund such negative cash flow. The Company may
also be required to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to generate a positive cash flow from its operations, that additional capital or other types of financing will be available
when needed or that these financings will be on terms favorable to the Company. 

We
face many of the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by relatively new companies with respect to our operations. 

The
Company s business objective is to conduct scientific research and development related to the use of cannabinoid receptor modulators
and/or terpenes for medical treatment of certain medical conditions and diseases. We have no operating history as a medical research
company engaged in cannabinoid-based research upon which an evaluation of the Company and its prospects could be based. There can be
no assurance that our management will be successful in being able to commercially exploit the results, if any, from our drug development
research projects or that we will be able to develop drugs and treatments that will enable us to generate sufficient revenues to meet
our expenses or to achieve and/or maintain profitability. 

If
we are unable to raise sufficient capital as needed, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned research and development activities,
which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results, or cease our operations entirely, in which case, you
will lose all your investment. 

We
currently have no revenues and may never become profitable. 

Our
ability to generate revenue and become profitable depends upon our ability to obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug development
projects. Even if we are able to successfully achieve regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates, we do not know when any of
these drugs will generate revenues, if at all. We have not generated, and do not expect to generate, any product revenue for the foreseeable
future, and we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the cost of research and development,
preclinical studies and clinical trials and the regulatory approval process for our drug candidates. The amounts of future losses are
uncertain and will depend, in part, on the rate of growth of our research and development expenses as well as other operating expenses.
We are unable to predict the timing or amount of these expected increases in operating expenses. If we are able to obtain approval for
any of our drug candidates, we will incur significant costs associated with commercializing our drug candidates. 

11 

We
will require additional capital to fund our operations and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we will not be able to complete
any of our drug development projects 

Our
research operations are expected to require significant cash expenditures. We expect to spend substantial and increasing amounts to conduct
our planned research and development, including preclinical testing and clinical trials of our drug candidates, to seek regulatory approvals
to eventually market and commercialize any of our drug candidates. As of June 30, 2024, we had 4,183 in cash and cash equivalents. Through
June 2024, we have raised approximately 2.1 million in equity under private placement offerings and completed a debt financing resulting
in 166,750 of net proceeds. We believe that current cash is not sufficient to fund our overhead operations through the remainder of
calendar 2024. As discussed below, determining a budget is subject to a number of factors. In general, this estimate may be higher if
our research efforts prove to be successful or lower if the research efforts are not fruitful. Any progress we make in our research efforts
is uncertain because it is difficult to predict our budget for our drug development activities due to numerous factors, including, without
limitation, the rate of progress of preclinical studies, clinical trials, the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for
such indication and the costs and timing of seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals for clinical trials. Moreover, changing circumstances
may cause us to expend cash significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more cash than currently anticipated
due to changing circumstances beyond our control. Our future capital requirements may depend on a wide range of factors, including, but
not limited to: 

the
 costs related to initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our drug candidates; 

any
 change in the clinical development plans for these drug candidates; 

the
 number and characteristics of drug candidates that we develop; 

the
 terms of any future collaboration agreements we may choose to enter; 

the
 events related to the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the DEA, the FDA, the European Medicines
 Agency EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

the
 potential costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property; 

the
 cost of defending intellectual property disputes; and 

the
 cost of marketing and generating revenues for any of our drug candidates. 

We
cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital
on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue one or more of our drug development projects. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders and restrict our operations. 

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and
alliances, and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, existing ownership interests will be diluted, and the terms of such financings may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect the rights of existing stockholders. Debt financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants
to purchase shares, which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our
ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions
that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business and may result in liens being placed on our assets and intellectual property.
If we were to default on such indebtedness, we could lose such assets and intellectual property. If we raise additional funds through
strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our
drug candidates . 

The
Company s officers and directors may be engaged in a range of business activities resulting in potential conflicts of interest. 

The
Company may be subject to various potential conflicts of interest because some of its officers and directors may be engaged in a range
of business activities. In addition, the Company s executive officers and directors may devote time to their outside business interests,
so long as such activities do not materially or adversely interfere with their duties to the Company. In some cases, the Company s
executive officers and directors may have fiduciary obligations associated with these business interests that interfere with their ability
to devote time to the Company s business and affairs and that could adversely affect the Company s operations. These business
interests could require significant time and attention of the Company s executive officers and directors. 

12 

In
addition, the Company may also become involved in other transactions which conflict with the interests of its directors and the officers
who may from time-to-time deal with persons, firms, institutions or companies with which the Company may be dealing, or which may be
seeking investments similar to those desired by it. The interests of these persons could conflict with those of the Company. In addition,
from time to time, these persons may be competing with the Company for available investment opportunities. Conflicts of interest, if
any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies provided under applicable laws. In particular, if such a conflict of interest arises
at a meeting of the Company s directors, a director who has such a conflict will abstain from voting for or against the approval
of such participation or such terms. In accordance with applicable laws, the directors of the Company are required to act honestly, in
good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 

The
Company is subject to uncertainty regarding legal and regulatory status and changes. 

Achievement
of the Company s business objectives is also contingent, in part, upon compliance with other regulatory requirements enacted by
governmental authorities and obtaining other required regulatory approvals. The regulatory regime applicable to the cannabis business
in the U.S. is currently undergoing significant proposed changes and the Company cannot predict the impact of the regime on its business
once the structure of the regime is finalized. Similarly, the Company cannot predict the timeline required to secure all appropriate
regulatory approvals for its products, or the extent of testing and documentation that may be required by governmental authorities. Any
delays in obtaining, or failing to obtain, required regulatory approvals may significantly delay or impact the development of markets,
products and sales initiatives and could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition
of the Company. The Company will incur ongoing costs and obligations related to regulatory compliance. Failure to comply with regulations
may result in additional costs for corrective measures, penalties or in restrictions on the Company s operations. In addition,
changes in regulations, more vigorous enforcement thereof or other unanticipated events could require extensive changes to the Company s
operations, increased compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the business,
results of operations and financial condition of the Company. 

Risks
Relating to Our Drug Development Projects 

Our
future success will largely depend on the success of our drug candidates, which development will require significant capital resources
and years of clinical development effort. 

We
currently have no drug products on the market, and none of our drug development projects has reached preclinical study or clinical trial
status. Our business depends almost entirely on the successful clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our
drug candidates. Investors need to be aware that substantial additional investments including clinical development and regulatory approval
efforts will be required before we are permitted to market and commercialize our drug candidates, if ever. It may be several years before
we can commence clinical trials, if ever. Any clinical trial will be subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation by numerous
government authorities in the United States, the European Union, and other jurisdictions where we intend, if approved, to market our
drug candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for any of our drug candidates, we must demonstrate through preclinical testing
and clinical trials that the drug candidate is safe and effective for its specific application. This process can take many years and
may include post-marketing studies and surveillance, which would require the expenditure of substantial resources. Of the large number
of drugs in development for approval in the United States and the European Union, only a small percentage will successfully complete
the FDA regulatory approval process or be granted authorization to be marketed in the European Commission or the other competent authorities
in the European Union EU Member States. Accordingly, even if we obtain the sufficient financing to fund our planned research,
development and clinical programs, we cannot assure you that any of our drug candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. 

We
may be unable to formulate or scale-up any or all of our drug candidates. There is no guarantee that any of the drug candidates will
be or are able to be produced in a manner to meet the FDA s criteria for product stability, content uniformity and all other criteria
necessary for product approval in the United States and other markets. Any of our drug candidates may fail to achieve their specified
endpoints in clinical trials. Furthermore, drug candidates may not be approved even if they achieve their specified endpoints in clinical
trials. The FDA may disagree with our trial design and our interpretation of data from clinical trials or may change the requirements
for approval even after it has reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. The FDA may also approve a drug for fewer
or more limited indications than we request or may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials
(i.e., Phase IV trials). In addition, the FDA may not approve the labeling claims that we believe are necessary or desirable for the
successful commercialization of our drug candidates. 

13 

If
we are unable to expand our pipeline and obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates on the timelines we anticipate, we will not
be able to execute our business strategy effectively and our ability to substantially grow our revenues will be limited, which would
have a material adverse impact on our long-term business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 

Our
drug development projects, if approved, may be unable to achieve the expected market acceptance and, consequently, limit our ability
to generate revenue. 

Even
when drug development is successful and regulatory approval has been obtained, our ability to generate significant revenue depends on
the acceptance of our drug candidates by physicians and patients. We cannot assure you that any of our drug candidates will achieve the
expected market acceptance and revenue, if and when we obtain the regulatory approvals. The market acceptance of any drug depends on
a number of factors, including the indication statement and warnings approved by regulatory authorities for the drug label, continued
demonstration of efficacy and safety in commercial use, physicians willingness to prescribe the drug, reimbursement from third-party
payers such as government health care systems and insurance companies, the price of the drug, the nature of any post-approval risk management
plans mandated by regulatory authorities, competition, and marketing and distribution support. Any factors preventing or limiting the
market acceptance of our drugs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Results
of preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive indicators of future results. 

Any
positive results from future preclinical testing of our drug candidates and potential clinical trials may not necessarily be predictive
of the results from Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trials. In addition, our interpretation of results derived from clinical data,
or our conclusions based on our preclinical data may prove inaccurate. Frequently, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have suffered
significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in preclinical testing and early clinical trials, and we cannot
be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks may be caused by the fact that preclinical and clinical data can be
susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. Furthermore, certain drug candidates may perform satisfactorily in preclinical studies
and clinical trials, but nonetheless fail to obtain FDA approval, a marketing authorization granted by the European Commission, or appropriate
approvals by government authorities in other countries. If we fail to produce positive results in our clinical trials for our drug candidates,
the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for them and as a result our business and financial
prospects, would be materially adversely affected. 

The
regulatory approval processes with the FDA, the EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities is lengthy and inherently unpredictable. 

We
are not permitted to market our drug candidates in the United States or the European Union until we receive approval of a New Drug Application NDA from the FDA or a Marketing Authorization Application MAA from the European Commission, respectively,
or in any foreign countries until we receive the approval from the regulatory authorities of such countries. Prior to submitting an NDA
to the FDA or an MAA to the EMA for approval of our drug candidates we will need to have completed our preclinical studies and clinical
trials. Successfully completing any clinical program and obtaining approval of an NDA or MAA is a complex, lengthy, expensive and uncertain
process, and the FDA or EMA may delay, limit or deny approval of drug candidates for many reasons, including, among others, because: 

an
 inability to demonstrate that our drug candidates are safe and effective in treating patients to the satisfaction of the FDA or EMA; 

results
 of clinical trials that may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA or EMA; 

disagreements
 with the FDA or EMA with respect to the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of clinical trials; 

requirements
 by the FDA and EMA to conduct additional clinical trials; 

disapproval
 by the FDA or EMA or other applicable foreign regulatory authorities of certain formulations, labeling or specifications of drug
 candidates; 

findings
 by the FDA or EMA that the data from preclinical studies and clinical trials are insufficient; 

the
 FDA or EMA may disagree with the interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials; and 

the
 FDA, European Commission or other applicable foreign regulatory agencies may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

14 

Any
of these factors, many of which are beyond our control, could increase development costs or jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory
approval for our drug candidates. 

We
may apply for orphan drug status granted by the FDA for some of our drug candidates for the treatment of rare diseases. 

Regulatory
authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and the European Union, may designate drugs for relatively small patient
populations as orphan drugs. The FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects
fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States. In the European Union, the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products
grants orphan drug designation to promote the development of drugs that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening
or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union. Additionally, such designation
is granted for drugs intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and
chronic condition and when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the European Union would be sufficient to justify
the necessary investment in developing the drug. 

In
the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards
clinical trial costs, tax credits for certain research and user fee waivers under certain circumstances. In addition, if a drug receives
the first FDA approval for the drug and indication for which it has orphan drug designation, the drug is entitled to seven years of market
exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application for the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven
years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the drug with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan
drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different
disease or condition. In the European Union, orphan drug designation also entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction
of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity following drug approval. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan
drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity
is no longer justified. 

Our
drug candidates may become subject to controlled substance laws and regulations in the U.S. 

While
cannabis is a controlled substance under the CSA in the United States, we plan to initially focus our drug development projects using
cannabinoids that are synthetically produced. Some of these synthetics, such as dronabinol, have been approved by the FDA for various
medical research and conditions. While plant-derived cannabinoids are categorized as Schedule I substances under the CSA, dronabinol,
which is synthetic tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC is a Schedule III substance in capsule form, although it is a Schedule I substance in
bulk form. Even though dronabinol is still a controlled substance, research based on Schedule III substances, including trials in the
United States, are substantially less restrictive. 

However,
if we decide to proceed with clinical trials using plant-derived cannabinoids, and are conducting those trials in the United States,
we will become subject to the CSA laws and regulation in addition to FDA regulations. Currently the Company does not intend to proceed
with clinical trials using cannabis-derived cannabinoids in the U.S. If the Company decides to proceed with plant-derived cannabinoids,
it will evaluate where to conduct its research and preclinical trials. 

At
present we have no guaranteed or reliable source of synthetic cannabinoids at an economically feasible price even though we intend
to focus on the utilization of synthetic cannabinoids 

Our
primary objective is to focus our initial drug development utilizing synthetic cannabinoids. While we currently have arrangements with
sources from which we are obtaining synthetic cannabinoids, without any guarantees of supply, there is no assurance that we will be able
to access synthetic cannabinoids in the future, or at an economically feasible price for a reasonable period of time that would enable
us to implement and execute our business plan. 

15 

Laws
and regulations affecting therapeutic uses of cannabis are constantly evolving. 

The
potential ongoing evolution of laws and regulations affecting the research and development of cannabinoid-based medical drugs and treatments
could detrimentally affect our business. Laws and regulations related to the therapeutic uses of cannabis and cannabinoid-based drugs
may be subject to changing interpretations. These changes may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal and compliance
fees and may ultimately require us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt
our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws,
regulations, interpretations or applications of laws and regulations and it is possible that new laws and regulations may be enacted
in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. 

Our
research activities in the cannabinoid drug industry may make it difficult to obtain insurance coverage. 

In
the event that we decide to commence research based on plant-derived cannabinoids in the U.S., obtaining and maintaining necessary insurance
coverage, for such things as workers compensation, general liability, product liability and directors and officers liability insurance,
may be more difficult and/or expensive for us to find because of our research directions utilizing synthetic and/or plant-derived cannabinoids.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to find such insurance, if needed, or that the cost of coverage will be affordable or
cost-effective. If, either because of unavailability or cost prohibitive reasons, we are compelled to operate without insurance coverage,
we may be prevented from entering certain business sectors, experience inhibited growth potential and/or expose us to additional risks
and financial liabilities. 

We
face a potentially highly competitive market. 

Demand
for cannabinoid-derived drugs will likely be dependent on a number of social, political and economic factors that are beyond our control.
While we believe that there will be a demand for such drugs, and that the demand will grow, there is no assurance that such demand will
happen, that we will benefit from any demand or that our business, in fact, will ever generate revenues from our drug development activities
or become profitable. 

The
emerging markets for cannabinoid-derived drugs and medical research and development is and will likely remain competitive. The development
and commercialization of drugs is highly competitive. We compete with a variety of multinational pharmaceutical companies and specialized
biotechnology companies, as well as products and processes being developed by universities and other research institutions. Many of our
competitors have developed, are developing, or will develop drugs and processes competitive with our drug candidates. Competitive therapeutic
treatments include those that have already been approved and accepted by the medical community and any new treatments that may enter
the market. For some of our drug development directions, other treatment options are currently available, under development, and may
become commercially available in the future. If any of our drug candidates is approved for the diseases and conditions we are currently
pursuing, they may compete with a range of therapeutic treatments that are either in development or currently marketed. 

Our
failure to comply with existing and potential future laws and regulations relating to drug development could harm our plan of operations. 

Our
business is, and will be, subject to wide-ranging existing federal and state laws and regulations and other governmental bodies in each
of the countries we may develop and/or market our drug candidates. We must comply with all regulatory requirements if we expect to be
successful. 

If
any of our cannabinoid-derived drug candidates are approved in the United States, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements
including federal and state requirements. As a result, we and our collaborators and/or joint venture partners must continue to expend
time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including, if applicable, manufacturing, production, quality control and
assurance and, of upmost importance, clinical trials. We will also be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems,
if any and applicable, to the FDA, and to comply with advertising and promotion requirements for our cannabinoid-derived drug candidates. 

16 

Any
failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to conduct clinical trials
which are prerequisites to our ability to commercialize our cannabinoid-based drugs and related treatments. If regulatory sanctions are
applied or if regulatory approval, once obtained, is for any reason withdrawn, the value of our business and our operating results could
be materially adversely affected. 

Changes
in legislation or regulation in the health care systems in the United States and foreign jurisdictions may affect us. 

Our
ability to successfully commercialize our drugs may depend on how the U.S. and other governments and/or health administrations provide
coverage and/or reimbursements for any drugs that we are successful in developing. The ongoing efforts of governments, insurance companies,
and other participants in the health care services industry to trim health care costs may adversely affect our ability to achieve profitability. 

In
certain foreign markets, including countries in the European Union, pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental
control. Price negotiations with governmental authorities may range from 6 to 12 months or longer after the receipt of regulatory marketing
approval for a drug. Our business could be detrimentally affected if reimbursements of our drugs is unavailable or limited, if pricing
is set at unacceptable levels. 

We
will need to increase the size of our organization and may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

At
present, we are a very small company. We expect to experience a period of expansion in headcount, infrastructure and overhead and anticipate
that further expansion will be required to address potential growth and market opportunities. Future growth will impose significant added
responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate new members of our management
team, employees including researchers, and consultants. Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will
depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. 

We
may not be able to successfully expand our business through acquisitions. 

We
may review corporate and product acquisition candidates as a part of our growth strategy. If we decide to undertake an acquisition to
obtain, what we view as promising drug candidates, we may not be able to successfully integrate it in order to realize the full benefit
of such acquisition. Factors which may affect our ability to grow successfully through acquisitions include: 

inability
 to identify suitable targets given the relatively narrow scope of our drug candidates; 

difficulties
 and expenses in connection with integrating the acquired companies and achieving the expected benefits; 

diversion
 of management s attention from current operations; 

the
 possibility that we may be adversely affected by risk factors facing the acquired companies; 

possible
 dilution of earnings, or in the case of acquisitions made through the issuance of our common shares to the stockholders of the acquired
 company, dilution in the percentage of ownership of our existing stockholders; 

potential
 losses resulting from undiscovered liabilities of acquired companies not covered by the indemnification we may obtain from the seller;
 and 

loss
 of key employees of the acquired companies. 

Risks
Related to Collaboration with Third Parties and Intellectual Property Rights 

We
will depend on third parties to conduct our research activities. 

We
will rely on third parties such as clinical data management organizations and consultants to design, conduct, supervise and monitor our
preclinical studies and clinical trials (the Third Parties ). We and the Third Parties are required to comply with various
regulations and guidelines from regulatory authorities to ensure that the health, safety and rights of patients are protected in clinical
development and clinical trials, and that trial data integrity is assured. 

17 

Relying
on Third Parties does not relieve us of certain responsibilities and requirements. If we or any of the Third Parties fail to comply with
applicable requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, the EMA or other comparable
foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. There
is no assurance that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical
trials comply with such requirements. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat preclinical studies and clinical
trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

The
Third Parties will not be designated as our employees. We therefore cannot control whether they devote sufficient time and resources
to our ongoing clinical and preclinical programs. If the Third Parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or if the
quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to clinical protocols and/or regulatory
requirements, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or
successfully commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our commercial prospects for our drug candidates would be harmed, our costs
could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed or reduced. 

Clinical
trials are very expensive, time consuming and difficult to design and implement. Our drug candidates are in preclinical development,
which is an extremely preliminary stage of development that includes no regulatory input. We estimate that clinical trials for these
drug candidates, if and when initiated, may continue for several years and may take significantly longer than expected to complete. In
addition, we, the FDA, an institutional review board (IRB), or other regulatory authorities, including state and local authorities, may
suspend, delay or terminate our clinical trials at any time, or the DEA could suspend or terminate the registrations and quota allotments
we require in order to procure and handle controlled substances, for various reasons, including: 

Lack
 of effectiveness of any product candidate during clinical trials; 

Discovery
 of serious or unexpected toxicities or side effects experienced by study participants or other safety issues; 

Slower
 than expected rates of subject recruitment and enrollment rates in clinical trials; 

Difficulty
 in retaining subjects who have initiated a clinical trial but who may withdraw at any time due to adverse side effects from the therapy,
 insufficient efficacy, fatigue with the clinical trial process, or for any other reason; 

Delays
 or inability in manufacturing or obtaining sufficient quantities of materials for use in clinical trials, in particular, obtaining
 sufficient quantities of synthetic or plant-derived cannabinoids due to regulatory and manufacturing constraints. 

Inadequacy
 of or changes in our manufacturing process or product formulation; 

Delays
 in obtaining regulatory authorization to commence a study, or clinical holds or delays requiring suspension or termination
 of a study by a regulatory agency, including by the FDA, before or after a study is commenced; 

DEA-related
 recordkeeping, reporting, or security violations at a clinical site, leading the DEA or state authorities to suspend or revoke the
 site s controlled substance license and causing a delay or termination of planned or ongoing studies; 

Changes
 in applicable regulatory policies and regulations; 

Delays
 or failure in reaching agreement(s) on acceptable terms in clinical trial contracts or protocols with prospective clinical trial
 sites; 

Uncertainty
 regarding proper dosing; 

Unfavorable
 results from ongoing clinical trials and preclinical studies; 

Failure
 of the Third Parties or other third-party contractors to comply with all contractual and regulatory requirements or to perform their
 services in a timely or acceptable manner; 

Failure
 by us, our employees, our consultants, the Third Parties, or their employees to comply with all applicable FDA, DEA or other regulatory
 requirements relating to the conduct of clinical trials or the handling, storage, security and recordkeeping for controlled substances; 

Scheduling
 conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions; 

Failure
 to design appropriate clinical trial protocols; 

Insufficient
 data to support regulatory approval; 

Inability
 or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols; 

Difficulty
 in maintaining contact with subjects during or after treatment, which may result in incomplete data; or 

Regulatory
 concerns with cannabinoid-derived drugs generally and the potential for abuse of the drugs. 

18 

Generally,
there is a high rate of failure for drug candidates proceeding through clinical trials. We may suffer significant setbacks in our clinical
trials similar to the experience of many other companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, even after receiving promising
results in early trials. Further, even if we view the results of a clinical trial to be positive, the FDA or other regulatory authorities
may disagree with our interpretation of the data. In the event that we abandon or are delayed in our clinical development efforts related
to our drug candidates, we may not be able to execute on our business plan effectively, we may not be able to generate revenues from
our drug development activities, become profitable, resulting in our reputation in the industry and in the investment community likely
becoming significantly damaged and this could adversely affect the price of our shares. 

We
intend to rely upon Third Parties to formulate and produce our drug candidates in accordance with our clinical protocols and all applicable
regulatory requirements, including the FDA s good clinical practice regulations and current good manufacturing practices and DEA
and state regulations governing the handling, storage, security and recordkeeping for controlled substances. These Third Parties are
anticipated to play a significant role in the formulation process and the development of our drug candidates. We intend to likely rely
on these Third Parties for the formulation and development of the products to be utilized in our clinical and preclinical studies, and
we will likely control minimally certain aspects of their activities. 

We
intend to rely on Third Parties to conduct and oversee our clinical trials. If these Third Parties do not meet our deadlines or otherwise
conduct the trials as required, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our drug candidates when expected
or at all. 

We
may also rely upon various medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to conduct our trials in accordance
with our clinical protocols and all applicable regulatory requirements, including the FDA s good clinical practice regulations
and DEA and state regulations governing the handling, storage, security and recordkeeping for controlled substances. These Third Parties
are anticipated to play a significant role in the conduct of these trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data from the
clinical trials. We intend to rely heavily on these parties for the execution of our clinical and preclinical studies, and control only
certain aspects of their activities. 

If
any of our clinical trial sites terminate their involvement in one of our clinical trials for any reason, we may experience the loss
of follow-up information on patients enrolled in our ongoing clinical trials unless we are able to transfer the care of those patients
to another qualified clinical trial site. In addition, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors
or consultants to us from time to time and receive cash or equity compensation in connection with their services. If these relationships
and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable
clinical trial site may be questioned by the FDA. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate for our drug candidates,
our competitive position could be harmed. 

Our
commercial success will depend in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection
in the U.S. and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and drug candidates. We will rely on trade secret, patent,
copyright and trademark laws, and confidentiality and other agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited
protection. We are seeking to protect our proprietary positions by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related
to our novel technologies and drugs that are important to our business. 

We
do not know whether any of the pending patent applications for any of our drug candidates will result in the issuance of patents. The
patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally are highly uncertain, involve complex legal and factual questions
and have often been the subject of litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of any
of our potential future patents are highly uncertain. The steps we will take to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to
preclude misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights, both inside and outside
the United States. Patent examination processes may require us to narrow the claims for our pending patent applications, which may limit
the scope of patent protection that may be obtained if the patents are granted. The rights to be granted under future patents issued
to us may not provide us with the proprietary protection or competitive advantages we seek. If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent
protection for our technology and drugs, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficient, our competitors could develop
and commercialize technology and drugs similar or superior to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and
drugs may be adversely affected. 

19 

The
issuance of a patent may not always be conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Our issued patents may be
challenged in the courts or patent offices in the U.S. and abroad. Such challenges may result in the loss of patent protection, the narrowing
of claims in such patents or the invalidity or unenforceability of such patents, which could limit our ability to stop others from using
or commercializing similar or identical technology and drugs or limit the duration of the patent protection for our technology and drugs. 

Costly
litigation may be necessary to protect our intellectual property rights and we may be subject to claims alleging the violation of the
intellectual property rights of others. 

We
may face significant expense and liability due to litigation or other proceedings relating to patents and other intellectual property
rights of others. If another party has also filed a patent application or been issued a patent relating to an invention or technology
claimed by us in pending applications, we may be required to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office to determine priority of invention, which could result in substantial uncertainties and costs for us, even if the eventual
outcome were favorable to us. We, or our licensors, also could be required to participate in interference proceedings involving issued
patents and pending applications of another entity. An adverse outcome in an interference proceeding could require us to cease using
the technology or to license rights from prevailing third parties. 

The
cost to us of any patent application or patent litigation, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Our ability to enforce
our patent protection could be limited by our financial resources and may be subject to lengthy delays. 

A
third party may claim that we use inventions claimed by their patents and may go to court to stop us from engaging in research, development
and/or the sale of any of our future drugs. Such lawsuits are expensive and would consume time and other resources. There is a risk that
the court will decide that we are infringing on the third party s patents and will order us to stop the activities claimed by the
patents. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us to pay the other party damages for having infringed their patents. 

Moreover,
there is no guarantee that any prevailing patent owner would offer us a license so that we could continue to engage in activities claimed
by the patent, or that such a license, if made available to us, could be acquired on commercially acceptable terms. In addition, third
parties may in the future, assert other intellectual property infringement claims against us with respect to our drug candidates, technologies
or other matters. 

We
will rely on confidentiality agreements that could be breached and may be difficult to enforce, which could result in third parties using
our intellectual property to compete against us. 

We
will take reasonable steps to protect our intellectual property, including the use of agreements relating to the non-disclosure of confidential
information to third parties, as well as agreements that purport to require the disclosure and assignment to us of the rights to the
ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions of our employees and consultants while we employ them. These agreements may be difficult
and costly to enforce. Although we will seek to obtain these types of agreements from these third parties, to the extent that employees
and consultants utilize or independently develop intellectual property in connection with any of our projects, disputes may arise as
to the intellectual property rights associated with our drug candidates. If a dispute arises, a court may determine that the right belongs
to a third party. Enforcement of our rights can be costly and unpredictable. Despite the protective measures we intent to employ, we
will still face the risk that: 

these
 agreements may be breached; 

these
 agreements may not provide adequate remedies for the applicable type of breach; 

our
 trade secrets or proprietary know-how will otherwise become known; or 

our
 competitors will independently develop similar technology or proprietary information. 

20 

Intellectual
property rights may not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights may be uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations
and may not adequately protect us to enable us to maintain any competitive advantage. The following factors may weaken our protection: 

compounds
 may be made by others that are the same or similar to our drug candidates, but are not covered by our patent claims; 

inventions
 covered by our future patents or pending patent may have been discovered by others previously; 

independently
 developed similar or alternative technologies may duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property
 rights; 

pending
 patents may not lead to issued patents; 

our
 future issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of
 legal challenges; 

our
 competitors might conduct research and development activities in the United States and other countries that provide a safe harbor
 from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent
 rights; and 

the
 patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

There
can be no assurance of a liquid public trading market for our Common Stock or whether investors will be able to readily be able to sell
their shares of Common Stock. 

At
present, our Common Stock is subject to quotation on the OTC pink sheets under the symbol NXEN . There is only a limited
and non-liquid public trading market for our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that a more liquid market will ever develop or
be sustained. Market liquidity will depend on the perception of our business and any steps that our management might take to bring public
awareness of our business to the investing public within the parameters of the federal securities laws. We can provide no assurance that
there will be any awareness generated or sustained. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate
it at a price paid by investors equal to or greater than their initial investment in our Common Stock. As a result, holders of our Common
Stock may not find purchasers for their shares should they to decide to sell the Common Stock held by them at any specific time, if ever.
Consequently, our Common Stock should be purchased only by investors who have no immediate need for liquidity from their investment and
who can hold our Common Stock potentially for a prolonged period of time. 

In
the event an active trading market develops for our Common Stock, the market price may, from time-to-time, be volatile. 

In
the event an active trading market develops for our Common Stock, the market price of our Common Stock may be highly volatile. Some of
the factors that may materially affect the market price of our Common Stock are beyond our control, such as changes in conditions or
trends in the industry in which we operate, general market and economic conditions both in the United States and globally, as well as
the number of our shares of Common Stock being purchased and sold at any particular time. These factors may materially adversely affect
the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our historic business performance or future business prospects. In addition, the
public stock markets have experienced and may be expected to experience extreme price and trading volume volatility. These market fluctuations
may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

A
large number of additional shares will be available for resale into the public market pursuant to Rule 144, which may cause the market
price of our Common Stock to decline significantly. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market will become available pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated by
the SEC under the Act and could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. As of October 22, 2024 we have 70,772,196 shares
of Common Stock outstanding, of which 58,621,069 are restricted due to applicable federal securities laws. As restrictions on the resale
of shares of Common Stock expire, pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 or otherwise, the market price could drop significantly if the
holders of these restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them at any given date or over any particular
period of time. 

21 

If
holders of restricted securities sell a large number of shares pursuant to Rule 144, they could adversely affect the market price for
our Common Stock, over which we will likely have no control. 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interest because of the potential of future issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock
or our preferred stock. 

In
the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, including shares of our Common Stock, resulting in
the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 200,000,000 shares of
Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 70,772,196 shares of Common Stock are outstanding as of October 22, 2024. 

We
may also issue additional shares of our Common Stock, warrants or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for the purchase
of shares of our Common Stock in connection with hiring and/or retaining employees or consultants, future acquisitions, future sales
of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of
our Common Stock or other securities, for any reason including those stated above, may have a negative impact on the market price of
our Common Stock. There can be no assurance that the issuance of any additional shares of Common Stock, warrants or other convertible
securities may not be at a price (or exercise prices) below the then prevailing price at which shares of our Common Stock will be quoted
in the U.S. over-the-counter market. 

We
may never pay any dividends to our stockholders. 

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, we do not expect
to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future but will review this policy as circumstances dictate. The declaration and payment of all
future dividends, if any, will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors, which retains the right to change our dividend policy
at any time. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as
the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 

Insiders
will continue to have substantial control over us and will be able to influence corporate matters. 

As
of October 22, 2024, our directors and executive officers and stockholders holding more than 5 of our Common Stock own of record and
beneficially, in the aggregate, approximately 63 of our outstanding Common Stock. As a result, if these stockholders were to choose
to act together, they would be able to exercise considerable influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the
election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or all or a significant
percentage of our assets. This concentration of ownership could limit your ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect
of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us. For information regarding the ownership of our outstanding stock
by our executive officers and directors and their affiliates, see the disclosure under Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

We
cannot assure you that the interests of our management and affiliated persons will coincide with the interests of other stockholders.
As long as our management and affiliated persons collectively control a substantial portion of our Common Stock, these individuals and/or
entities controlled by them, including Intiva USA Inc., will continue to collectively be able to strongly influence or effectively control
our decisions. 

Our
Common Stock is thinly traded, so stockholders may be unable to sell at or near ask prices, or at all, if they need to sell shares to
raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate their shares. 

Our
Common Stock is thinly-traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our Common Stock at or near
ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including
the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others
in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they
tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours, or purchase or recommend the purchase of our
shares until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or longer when trading
activity in our Common Stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading
activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on its share price. We cannot give stockholders any assurance
that a broader or more active public trading market for our Common Stock will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels
will be sustained. 

22 

Anti-takeover
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage or prevent a change of control, even if an acquisition would be beneficial
to our stockholders, which could reduce our stock price. 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations
with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation,
bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors
or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current board of directors, including a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving
our Company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price
of our Common Stock to decline. 

State
Blue Sky registration and potential limitations on resale of our Common Stock. 

The
holders of our shares of Common Stock and those persons who desire to purchase our Common Stock in any trading market, should be aware
that there may be state blue-sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our securities. Accordingly, investors should
consider the secondary market our securities to be a limited one. 

Our
Common Stock is considered a Penny Stock, which may be subject to restrictions on marketability, so you may not be able to sell your
shares. 

We
are subject to the Penny Stock rules since our shares of Common Stock sell below 5.00 per share. Penny stocks generally are equity securities
with a price of less than 5.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared
by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer
must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid
and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction, the broker dealer must make a special written determination that
the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. The
penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for shares of our Common Stock.
As long as our shares of Common Stock are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such shares of Common Stock may find it more
difficult to sell their securities. 

The
control deficiencies in our Internal control over financial reporting may until remedied cause errors in our financial statements or
cause our filings with the SEC to not be timely. 

There
may be errors in our financial statements that could require a restatement, or our filings may not be timely made with the SEC. Based
on the work undertaken and performed by us, however, we believe the financial statements contained in our reports filed with the SEC
are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP for each
of the periods presented. 

At
present, our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. We identified material
weaknesses including lack of sufficient internal accounting personnel in order to ensure complete documentation of complex transactions
and adequate financial reporting during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

23 

We
intend to implement additional corporate governance and control measures to strengthen our control environment as we are able, but we
may not achieve our desired objectives. We may identify material weaknesses and control deficiencies in our internal control over financial
reporting in the future that may require remediation and could lead investors losing confidence in our reported financial information,
which could lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Reporting
requirements under the Exchange Act and compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX), including establishing and maintaining
acceptable internal controls over financial reporting, are costly and may increase substantially. 

The
rules and regulations of the SEC require a public company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the Exchange Act ), which will require that the Company engage legal, accounting, auditing and other professional
service providers. The engagement of such services is costly and continuing. Additionally, SOX requires, among other things, that we
design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls and procedures over financial reporting. The costs of complying with SOX and
the limited technically qualified personnel we have may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal
controls over financial reporting. We expect these costs to be approximately 40,000 per year or perhaps more as our operations increase
in scope and magnitude. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in our internal
controls, we may not be able to produce reliable financial reports and/or discover and report fraud, which may harm our overall financial
condition and result in loss of investor confidence and a decline in our share price. 

Our
by-laws provide for indemnification of our directors and the purchase of D O insurance at our expense and limit their potential or
actual liability which may result in a significant cost to us and damage the interests of our stockholders. 

The
Company s By-Laws include provisions that eliminate the personal liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages
to the fullest extent possible under the laws of the State of Delaware as well as other applicable laws. These provisions eliminate the
liability of directors to the Company and its stockholders for monetary damages arising out of any violation of a director of his fiduciary
duty of due care. Under Delaware law, however, such provisions do not eliminate the personal liability of a director for: (i) breach
of the director s duty of loyalty; (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or knowing violation
of law; (iii) payment of dividends or repurchases of stock other than from lawfully available funds; or (iv) any transaction from which
the director derived an improper benefit. These provisions do not affect a director s liabilities under the federal securities
laws or the recovery of damages by third parties. 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability
to buy and sell our Common Stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, the price of our Common Stock may be adversely affected. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting may have weaknesses and conditions that could require correction or remediation, the disclosure
of which may have an adverse impact on the price of our Common Stock. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal
controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely
affect our public disclosures regarding our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed or other matters
that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control
over financial reporting or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an
adverse impact on the price of our Common Stock. 

24 

We
are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of SOX and if we fail to comply in a timely manner, our business could
be harmed, and our stock price could decline. 

Rules
adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of SOX require an annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting, and for
certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm. The standards
that must be met for management to assess the internal controls over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex, and require
significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur expenses and to devote
resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take or costly it will be
to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and to remediate any deficiencies
in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment and remediation process
on a timely basis. In addition, although attestation requirements by our independent registered public accounting firm are not presently
applicable to us, we could become subject to these requirements in the future, and we may encounter problems or delays in completing
the implementation of any resulting changes to internal controls over financial reporting. If our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer determines that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict
how the market prices of our shares will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and share value
may be negatively affected. 

Our
share price could be volatile, and our trading volume may fluctuate substantially. 

The
price of our common shares has been and may in the future continue to be extremely volatile, with the sale price fluctuating from a low
of pennies per share to a high of 0.18 during the two most recently completed fiscal years. Many factors could have a significant impact
on the future price of our common shares, including: 

our
 inability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, whether through the issuance of equity securities or debt; 

our
 failure to successfully implement our business objectives and strategic growth plans; 

compliance
 with ongoing regulatory requirements; 

market
 acceptance of our drug candidates, once approved for sale; 

changes
 in government regulations; 

general
 economic conditions and other external factors; and 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; and 

the
 degree of trading liquidity in our common shares. 

Our
annual and quarterly results may fluctuate greatly, which may cause substantial fluctuations in our Common Stock price. 

Our
annual and quarterly operating results may in the future fluctuate significantly depending on a number of factors. Any unfavorable change
in these or other factors could have a material adverse effect on our operating results for a particular quarter or year, which may cause
downward pressure on our Common Stock price. We expect quarterly and annual fluctuations to continue for the foreseeable future. 

Risks
Related to the Regulation of Cannabis in the United States 

While
cannabis is legal in many U.S. state jurisdictions, it continues to be a controlled substance under the United States CSA. 

In
the United States, cannabis is largely regulated at the state level. To the Company s knowledge, a majority of the states, plus
the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam, have legalized cannabis in some form. Notwithstanding the permissible regulatory environment
of medical cannabis at the state level, cannabis continues to be categorized as a controlled substance under the CSA and as such, violates
federal law in the United States. 

25 

Violations
of federal laws and regulations could result in significant fines, penalties, administrative sanctions, convictions or settlements arising
from civil proceedings conducted by either the federal government or private citizens, or criminal charges, including, but not limited
to, disgorgement of profits, cessation of business activities or divestiture. This could have a material adverse effect on the Company,
including its reputation and ability to conduct business, the listing of its securities on various stock exchanges, its financial position,
operating results, profitability or liquidity or the market price of its publicly traded shares. In addition, it is difficult for the
Company to estimate the time or resources that would be needed for the investigation of any such matters or its final resolution because,
in part, the time and resources that may be needed are dependent on the nature and extent of any information requested by the applicable
authorities involved, and such time or resources could be substantial. 

Currently
the Company does not intend to proceed with clinical trials using cannabis-derived cannabinoids in the U.S. If the Company decides to
proceed with plant-derived cannabinoids, it could become subject to risks relating to the characterization of cannabis as a controlled
substance. 

The
approach to the enforcement of cannabis laws may be subject to change or may not proceed as previously outlined. 

As
a result of the conflicting views between state legislatures and the federal government regarding cannabis, involvement in the cannabis
industry in the United States is subject to inconsistent legislation and regulation. If we decide to proceed with clinical trials using
plant-derived cannabinoids, and are conducting those trials in the United States, we could be subject to risks relating to the enforcement
of cannabis laws. 

Regulatory
scrutiny of the Company s industry may negatively impact its ability to raise additional capital. 

The
Company s business activities rely on newly established and/or developing laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. These
laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and subject to change with minimal notice. Regulatory changes may adversely affect the Company s
potential for profitability or cause it to cease operations entirely. The cannabis industry may come under scrutiny by the U.S. FDA,
the SEC, the DOJ, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other federal or other applicable state or nongovernmental regulatory
authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise or regulate the production, distribution, sale or use of cannabis for medical
or non-medical purposes in the U.S. It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives
that may be proposed, or whether any proposals will become law. The regulatory uncertainty surrounding the Company s industry may
adversely affect the business and operations of the Company, including without limitation, the costs to remain compliant with applicable
laws and the impairment of its ability to raise additional capital, create a public trading market in the U.S. or elsewhere for securities
of the Company, which could reduce, delay or eliminate any return on investment in the Company. 

State
and local laws and regulations may heavily regulate brands and forms of cannabis products and there is no guarantee that the Company s
proposed products and brands will be approved for sale and distribution in any state. 

States
generally only allow the manufacture, sale and distribution of cannabis products that are grown in that state and may require advance
approval of such products. Certain states and local jurisdictions have promulgated certain requirements for approved cannabis products
based on the form of the product and the concentration of the various cannabinoids in the product. If the Company produces products that
are derived from plant-based (rather than synthetic) cannabinoids, the Company intends to follow the guidelines and regulations of each
applicable state and local jurisdiction in preparing products for sale and distribution, there is no guarantee that such products will
be approved to the extent necessary. If the products are approved, there is a risk that any state or local jurisdiction may revoke its
approval for such products based on changes in laws or regulations or based on its discretion or otherwise. 

26 

We
may have difficulties accessing the services of banks in the United States due to the nature of our business. 

The
use, sale, or possession of all forms of cannabis in the United States is illegal under federal law. As a Schedule I drug under the federal
 Controlled Substances Act of 1970 , cannabis is considered to have no accepted medical use and have a high potential
for abuse and physical or psychological dependence. As a result, historically many banks have not accepted for deposit funds from persons/entities
that are engaged in cannabis-related businesses, including those engaged in developing drugs containing cannabinoids such as our Company.
As described above, on February 14, 2014, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN released guidance to banks
 clarifying Bank Secrecy Act expectations for financial institutions seeking to provide services to cannabis-related businesses. 
As of the date of this report, the SAFER Banking Act, which would create protections for financial institutions that provide financial
services to state-sanctioned marijuana businesses and service providers for such businesses, and for other purposes, was introduced and
the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs held a hearing on the bill. While these are positive developments, there can
be no assurance this legislation will be successful, or that, even with the FinCEN guidance, banks will decide to do business with corporations
that are in the business of developing drugs containing cannabinoids, or that, in the absence of actual legislation, state and federal
banking regulators will not strictly enforce current prohibitions on banks handling funds generated from an activity that is illegal
under federal law. While the Company has not, to date, experienced any difficulty in opening accounts and otherwise using the services
of banks, any changes in this regard could materially harm our business. 

Due
to the classification of cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA, banks and other financial institutions which service
the cannabis industry are at risk of violating certain financial laws, including anti-money laundering statutes. 

Because
the manufacture, distribution, and dispensation of cannabis remains illegal under the CSA, banks and other financial institutions providing
services to cannabis-related businesses risk violation of federal anti-money laundering statutes (18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957),
the unlicensed money-remitter statute (18 U.S.C. 1960) and the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act . These statutes can impose criminal
liability for engaging in certain financial and monetary transactions with the proceeds of a specified unlawful activity 
such as distributing controlled substances which are illegal under federal law, including cannabis, and for failing to identify or report
financial transactions that involve the proceeds of cannabis-related violations of the CSA. The Company may also be exposed to the foregoing
risks if it produces drugs derived from plant-based (rather than synthetic) cannabinoids. 

Any
re-classification of cannabis or changes in U.S. controlled substance laws and regulations may affect the Company s business. 

If
cannabis and/or CBD is re-categorized as a Schedule II or lower controlled substance, the ability to conduct research on the medical
benefits of cannabis would most likely be simpler and more accessible; however, if cannabis is re-categorized as a Schedule II or other
controlled substance, the resulting re-classification would result in the requirement for FDA approval if medical claims were made for
any of the Company s products, such as medical cannabis. As a result, the manufacture, importation, exportation, domestic distribution,
storage, sale and use of such products may be subject to a significant degree of regulation by the DEA. In that case, the Company may
be required to be registered (licensed) to perform these activities and have the security, control, recordkeeping, reporting and inventory
mechanisms required by the DEA to prevent drug loss and diversion. Obtaining the necessary registrations may result in delay of the manufacturing
or distribution of the Company s anticipated products. The DEA conducts periodic inspections of certain registered establishments
that handle controlled substances. Failure to maintain compliance could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition and results of operations. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate
proceedings to restrict, suspend or revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal proceedings.
Furthermore, if the FDA, DEA, or any other regulatory authority determines that the Company s products may have potential for abuse,
it may require the Company to generate more clinical or other data than the Company currently anticipates establishing whether or to
what extent the substance has an abuse potential, which could increase the cost and/or delay the launch of that product. 

CBD
is classified as Schedule I controlled substance. The DEA recently published a final rule in the Federal Register creating a new drug
code for marijuana extracts . 

In
connection with the new drug code, the DEA has determined that all CBD products, regardless of origin, shall be considered Schedule I
controlled substances. The Company is unable to determine what the impact of this will be on its business. 

27 

U.S.
 federal trademark and patent protection may not be available for the intellectual property
 of the Company due to the current classification of cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance. 

As
long as cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal law as a Schedule I controlled substance pursuant to the CSA, the benefit of certain
federal laws and protections which may be available to most businesses, such as federal trademark and patent protection regarding the
intellectual property of a business, may not be available to the Company if it determines to produce drugs using cannabis. As a result,
the Company s intellectual property may never be adequately or sufficiently protected against the use or misappropriation by third
parties. In addition, since the regulatory framework of the cannabis industry is in a constant state of flux, the Company can provide
no assurance that it will ever obtain any protection of its intellectual property, whether on a federal, state or local level. 

The
Company s contracts may not be legally enforceable in the United States. 

If,
in the future, the Company enters into contracts that involve cannabis and/or other activities that are not legal under U.S. federal
law and in some jurisdictions, the Company may face difficulties in enforcing its contracts in U.S. federal and certain state courts. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
 1C. 
 
 CYBERSECURITY. 

The
Company recognizes the increasing importance of cybersecurity in today s digital environment. As a company without active business
operations, our current cybersecurity risks are primarily associated with the protection of sensitive company data, including intellectual
property and personal information of our personnel and stockholders. 

The
Company has implemented basic cybersecurity measures designed to protect our digital infrastructure and data integrity. These measures
include secure data storage solutions, the use of firewalls and antivirus software, and access controls to limit the exposure of sensitive
information to unauthorized individuals. 

We
are committed to continually assessing our cybersecurity posture and adapting our strategies to mitigate potential cyber threats. This
includes staying informed on the latest cybersecurity trends and threats, as well as best practices for protection. 

It
is important to note that while we strive to protect our digital assets, no cybersecurity measures can guarantee absolute security against
all potential cyber incidents. In the event of a cybersecurity breach, the Company is prepared to take appropriate actions to address
the incident, mitigate its impact, and comply with applicable regulatory requirements regarding breach notification and reporting. 

As
we advance our business operations, we recognize that our cybersecurity needs may evolve. The Company plans to enhance its cybersecurity
measures in line with its business growth and the increasing complexity of cyber threats. This may involve implementing more advanced
cybersecurity technologies, engaging external cybersecurity expertise, and developing comprehensive incident response plans. 

The
Company s board of directors oversees our cybersecurity strategy and risk management, ensuring that cybersecurity remains a priority
as our company evolves. We believe that a proactive and adaptive approach to cybersecurity is essential to safeguard our company s
assets, reputation, and the trust of our stockholders. 

ITEM
 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

Our
principal office is located at 4340 East Kentucky Avenue, Suite 206, Glendale, Colorado 80246. Our telephone number is (303) 495-7583.
Our offices consist of approximately 300 square feet of executive offices, and we believe that these facilities will be sufficient for
the next twelve months. 

ITEM
 3. 
 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

There
are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party, and the Company s property is not the subject of any pending
legal proceedings. 

ITEM
 4. 
 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
Applicable. 

28 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Price Information 

Our
Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC pink sheets under the symbol NXEN. For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth
the high and low bid prices per share of Common Stock. The below prices represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown,
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Price
 Range 
 
 Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Year
 Ended June 30, 2023: 

First
 Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.05 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.18 
 0.04 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.06 
 0.02 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.06 
 0.02 
 
 Year
 Ended June 30, 2024: 

First
 Quarter 
 0.07 
 0.02 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.04 
 0.02 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.03 
 0.01 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.03 
 0.02 

As
of October 15, 2024, the closing price for the Common Stock was 0.0193 per share. 

As
of October 15, 2024, our shares of Common Stock were held by 742 stockholders of record. The transfer agent of our Common Stock is Standard
Registrar and Transfer Company, Inc., whose telephone number is: (801) 571-8844. 

Dividends 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available therefor.
We have never declared cash dividends on our Common Stock and our Board of Directors does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future as it intends to retain future earnings to finance the growth of our businesses. There are no restrictions in our
certificate of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information as of June 30, 2024 

Plan
 category 
 Number
 of securities 
 to
 be issued upon 
 exercise
 of outstanding 
 options,
 warrants and 
 rights 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise
 price of 
 outstanding
 options, 
 warrants
 and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining 
 available
 for future issuance 
 under
 equity compensation 
 plans
 (excluding securities 
 reflected
 in column (a)) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 7,995,000 
 0.26 
 6,682,730 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 Total 
 7,995,000 
 
 6,682,730 

On
August 10, 2017, BioPharma adopted its 2017 Stock Incentive Plan under which the board of directors is authorized the grant up to 7,200,000
shares of its common stock. An aggregate of 6,400,000 shares of Common Stock to five officers and directors of the Company, valued at
 800,000 0.125 per share) were granted. On July 25, 2018, the Company accelerated the vesting of 1,083,342 unvested shares of Common
Stock previously granted to its former Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. As of June 30, 2024, all 5,233,333 shares
issued have been vested. 

On
March 30, 2018, the Company s board of directors approved and recommended for adoption by the stockholders of the Company a 2018
Equity Incentive Plan and reserved 8,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance under the terms of that Plan. The total number of shares
reserved and available for grant and issuance under the 2018 Plan is 8,000,000 shares, plus any reserved shares not issued or subject
to outstanding grants under the 2017 Stock Plan and shares that cease to be subject to awards under the 2017 Stock Plan because of forfeiture.
In addition, the number of shares available for grant and issuance under the 2018 Plan will be increased on July 1 of each of the next
ten calendar years by the lesser of (a) 15 of the number of shares issued during the most recently completed fiscal year or (b) such
number of shares determined by the board of directors. The 2018 Plan permits the board to grant a variety of incentive awards: stock
options, restricted stock awards, stock bonus awards, and stock appreciation rights. Stockholder approval was obtained on March 29, 2019.
As of June 30, 2024, 7,995,000 stock options were granted and exercisable. 

29 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2024, we issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock as compensation to our officers and directors. 

Issuer
Purchases of Securities 

None. 

ITEM
 6. 
 
 [RESERVED]. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
following plan of operation provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results
of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto. This section
includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
Certain statements that the Company may make from time to time, including all statements contained in this report that are not statements
of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as
 plans, expects, believes, anticipates, estimates, projects, 
 will, should, and other words of similar meaning used in conjunction with, among other things, discussions
of future operations, financial performance, product development and new product launches, market position and expenditures. You should
not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions. 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended
to help you understand our historical results of operations during the periods presented and our financial condition for the years ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023. This MD A should be read in conjunction with our financial statements as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. See section
entitled Forward-Looking Statements above. 

Overview 

We
are engaged in pursuing pre-clinical and drug development activities for certain pharmaceutical formulations that include cannabinoids.
We have filed three provisional patent applications and acquired a license covering certain intellectual property related to a drug delivery
system. 

As
a relatively new business engaged in start-up operations and activities, we will require substantial additional funding to successfully
complete any of our drug development programs. At present, we cannot estimate the substantial capital requirements needed to secure regulatory
approvals for our drug candidates. We estimate that we have sufficient capital to maintain our existence as a public company for the
remainder of the current calendar year. 

We
are a start-up company with no revenues from operations. Notwithstanding our successful raise of 2,076,158, net of offering costs, in
equity capital since inception to June 30, 2024, and the receipt of 166,750, net of financing costs, from debt issuances through June
30, 2024, there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months without a significant infusion
of capital or entering into a business combination transaction. We do not anticipate that Nexien BioPharma will generate revenues from
its research and development activities related to its drug development projects in the near future, due to the protracted revenue model
of pursuing pharmaceutical drug development in accordance with the pathway set forth by the FDA. The Company had to cease research and
development activities due to the lack of sufficient working capital. While management continues its efforts to raise additional capital
for the Company, it is also seeking merger or other business combination or restructuring opportunities. 

30 

Results
of Operations 

Net
loss for the year ended June 30, 2024 was 239,113 compared to the net loss of 361,902 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease
of 122,789. As explained below, a significant portion of the losses for 2024 and 2023 is attributable to significant stock-based compensation
costs for shares issued to officers and directors of the Company. 

The
Company incurred professional fees of 33,495 for the year ended June 30, 2024, a decrease of 2,165 from 35,660 for the year ended
June 30, 2023. Fees for 2024 and 2023 were for SEC regulatory and statutory filings and annual audit and quarterly review fees to our
auditor. 

General
and administrative costs decreased to 122,168 for the year ended June 30, 2024 as compared to 246,948 for the year ended June 30, 2023.
The decrease of 124,780 is predominately attributable to the reduction in non-cash stock-based compensation costs for common shares
issued to officers and directors of 84,200 (2024) from 203,000 (2023). Exclusive of stock-based compensation costs, general and administrative
costs for the year ended June 30, 2024 were 37,968, a decrease of 5,980 from the 2023 fiscal year comparable costs of 43,948. 

The
Company incurred interest expense of 35,287 and 29,531 during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, for interest on
debt offerings during the periods, including 4,871 and 4,500, respectively, of imputed interest on advances from the Company s
CEO, and 13,485 (2024) and 20,000 (2023) for the fair value of common shares issued to Quick Capital, LLC Quick Capital as consideration for entering into loan agreements/extensions. 

At
June 30, 2024 and 2023 the Company had outstanding convertible notes in the principal amounts of 65,000 to its CEO and a shareholder,
and 194,898 (2024) and 170,454 (2023) to Quick Capital. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred 48,163 and 49,763, respectively, for interest and amortization of discount
related to the convertible debt financings. 

There
were no research and development costs incurred for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, due to the Company s limited financial
resources and availability of research personnel. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
June 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit of 361,249 and cash of 4,183 as compared to a working capital deficit of 252,007 and
cash of 35,147 at June 30, 2023. The increase in working capital deficit and decrease in cash was due primarily to substantially all
available funds being utilized solely for maintaining corporate operations as a public company. In the year ended June 30, 2024, we received
 28,400 from financings, consisting of 20,000 in funding from a convertible debt financing with Quick Capital, an unrelated lender,
and non-interest-bearing advances from our CEO for working capital in the amount of 8,400. There was no infusion of cash from financings
in the year ended June 30, 2023. During the year ended June 30, 2024, we used 64,364 for operating activities, as compared to utilization
of 81,751 for operating activities during the year ended June 2023. 

31 

In
May 2023, the Company and Quick Capital entered into a loan extension agreement for the convertible note from Quick Capital due in January
2023. Under the terms of the extension agreement, the maturity date of the loan was extended to June 30, 2023, interest on the unpaid
balance of 170,454 is accruing at 12 and the Company issued Quick Capital 500,000 shares of its common stock, with a fair value of
 20,000, as consideration for entering into the extension agreement. Quick Capital extended the Note through March 31, 2024, and the
Company and Quick Capital are in discussions for further extension of the Note. On February 14, 2024, the Company entered into a second
note purchase agreement with Quick Capital pursuant to which the Company issued Quick Capital a six-month convertible promissory note,
due August 14, 2024, in the principal amount of 24,444, with simple interest at the rate of 12 per annum (default interest at 24 per
annum). The Company received net proceeds of 20,000 from the note, after Quick Capital s legal fees of 2,000, and an original
issuance discount of 10 2,444). The note is convertible into shares of common at a conversion price of 0.02 per share. In connection
with the note issuance, Quick Capital was also issued 2,200,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock valued at 13,485. 

In
November 2020, we issued unsecured convertible promissory notes to our CEO and a shareholder of the Company in the amounts of 40,000
and 25,000, respectively, for cash loans made to the Company. The notes were due three years from issuance and accrue interest at the
rate of 8 per annum, compounded annually. The notes and accrued interest are convertible at the option of the holders at any time into
restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.037631, being the volume-weighted average price of the common
stock over the 10 trading days immediately preceding the date the note was funded. Both lenders were issued three types of warrants,
exercisable for a five-year period, at prices of 0.040265, 0.043276, and 0.045157, to purchase a total of 5,181,897 shares. In November
2024, the noteholders agreed to extend the due date of the loans through June 30, 2024 under the same terms and conditions as the original
notes. The Company has accrued interest on the notes at the default interest rate of 18 per annum from November 24, 2023 through June
30, 2024 and has adjusted the conversion price to 0.02 per share. 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company s Chief Executive Officer has advanced an aggregate 58,400 to the Company for working capital and
operating purposes. The advance is non-interest bearing and is repayable on demand. 

The
Company received additional loans from Quick Capital and the Company s Chief Executive Officer in October 2024. See Note 10
 Subsequent Events of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the details of these loans. 

While
management of the Company believes that the Company will be successful in its current and planned activities, there can be no assurance
that the Company will be successful in its drug development activities, and raise sufficient equity, debt capital or strategic relationships
to sustain the operations of the Company. 

Our
ability to create sufficient working capital to sustain us over the next twelve-month period, and beyond, is dependent on our raising
additional equity or debt capital or entering into strategic arrangements with one or more third parties. 

There
can be no assurance that sufficient capital will be available to us. We currently have no agreements, arrangements or understandings
with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. 

Availability
of Additional Capital 

Notwithstanding
our success in raising gross proceeds of 2.1 million from the private sale of equity securities through June 30, 2024, and the completion
of a debt financing agreement resulting in the receipt of 166,750 through June 30, 2024, there can be no assurance that we will continue
to be successful in raising equity capital and/or debt financings and have adequate capital resources to fund our operations or that
any additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms or in amounts required by us. We estimate that we have do not have sufficient
capital resources to maintain our existence as a public company for the remainder of the current calendar year, and will require immediate
additional funding to continue in existence. 

Any
additional equity financing may be dilutive to our stockholders, new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to those of existing holders of our shares of Common Stock. Debt or equity financing may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant
interest costs. 

Capital
Expenditure Plan During the Next Twelve Months 

To
date, we raised approximately 2.1 million in equity capital (including exercised warrants) and 166,750 in debt financings. There can
be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in raising capital in sufficient amounts and/or at terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Company. Our revenues are expected to come from our drug development projects. As a result, we will continue to incur operating
losses unless and until we have obtained regulatory approval with respect to one of our drug development projects and commence to generate
sufficient cash flow to meet our operating expenses. There can be no assurance that we will obtain regulatory approval and the market
will adopt our future drugs. In the event that we are not able to successfully: (i) raise equity capital and/or debt financing; or (ii)
market our drugs after obtaining regulatory approval, our financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely
affected. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

Our
registered independent auditors have issued an opinion on our financial statements as of June 30, 2024 which includes a statement describing
our going concern status. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve
months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills and meet our other financial obligations. This is because we have not generated
any revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we begin marketing any drugs that we successfully develop. Accordingly, we must raise
capital from sources other than the actual sale from any drugs that we develop. We must raise capital to continue our drug development
activities and stay in business. 

32 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

At
June 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1934. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

In
February 2018, we obtained a worldwide exclusive license with respect to a proprietary delivery system for cannabinoid-based medications.
Under the terms of the license agreement, we paid 65,000 in cash and issued common stock of the Company, valued at 35,000, to the licensor.
We are required to pay milestone payments upon obtaining regulatory approval of pharmaceutical licensed products and royalties based
upon sales of licensed products. We may grant sublicenses under the terms of the agreement. We previously estimated that we may not be
able to recover the costs capitalized under the license agreement and recognized an impairment of the amounts paid. Although we have
recognized an impairment under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, we retain our rights under the license agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 and are included
elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As
a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM
 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Nexien
BioPharma, Inc. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Table
of contents 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6
 - F-17 

33 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Nexien BioPharma, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nexien BioPharma, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are
discussed in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Going
Concern 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a going concern due to a negative working capital and losses
from operations. 

Auditing
management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgement given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on future revenues and expenses which are not able to be substantiated. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluate the financial information that was the initial cause along
with management s plans to mitigate the going concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

October
22, 2024 

F- 1 

Nexien
BioPharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 June
30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid
 - other 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders (Deficit) 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Due
 to officer 

Convertible
 note payable - related party, net of discount of (2024) and (2023) 

Convertible
 note payable - net of discount of (2024) 

Convertible
note payable 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders 
 (Deficit) 

Preferred
 stock - par value; authorized; issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock - par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding -June 30, 2024; shares
 issued and outstanding -June 30, 2023; 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Stock
 payable 
 - 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders (Deficit) 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes area an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Nexien
BioPharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 

Operating
 expenses 

Professional
 fees 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 expense 

Amortization
 of discount on convertible notes 

.
 
 .

Total
 other income (expense) 

Net
 loss 

Loss
 per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding - basic
 and diluted 

The
accompanying notes area an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Nexien
BioPharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) 

 Years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2024 

Shares 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid
 in 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Payable 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 (Deficit) 

Balance,
 June 30, 2022 

Common
 stock issued to officers 

- 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for loan extension 

- 
 - 

Imputed
 interest on related party advance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 June 30, 2023 

Balance 

Common
 stock issued to officers 

- 

Common
 stock issued as loan consideration 

- 
 - 

Discount
 on convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Beneficial
 conversion feature - related party debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Imputed
 interest on related party advance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 June 30, 2024 

- 

Balance, 

- 

The
accompanying notes area an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Nexien
BioPharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 

Cash
 flows from operating activities 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Imputed
 interest on related party advances 

Stock
 issued to officers and director 

Stock
 issued for loan extension 
 - 

Amortization
 of beneficial convertible feature-related party debt 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization
 of discount on convertible debt - related 

Amortization
 of discount on convertible debt 

Changes
 is assets and liabilities 

(Increase)
 decrease in prepaids 

Increase
 in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Cash
 used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities 

Cash
 used in investing activities 
 - 
 - 

Cash
 flows from financing activities 

Cash
 proceeds from convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 proceeds from related party advance 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net
 increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and 

financing
 activities 

Shares
 issued to officers for services from stock payable 

Debt
 discount on convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Benefical
 conversion feature of related party debt 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

. The development of pharmaceuticals with the objective of obtaining approval by the FDA and other
international regulatory authorities is not a short-term endeavor for any specific drug candidate. It also requires extremely significant
amounts of capital funding for clinical trials and other matters. At June 30, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit of .
The Company will require significant additional capital to fund the implementation and execution of its business plan. This capital,
which likely will be millions of dollars for a single drug candidate, will be required for research, regulatory applications, and clinical
trials. At the present time, the Company does not have any commitments or known sources for this level of funding. These and other factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not
include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

cash equivalents at June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

If
the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the
asset or liability. 

Level
3: Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

The
assets or liability s fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that
is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs. 

When
the Company changes its valuation inputs for measuring financial assets and liabilities at fair value, either due to changes in current
market conditions or other factors, it may need to transfer those assets or liabilities to another level in the hierarchy based on the
new inputs used. The Company recognizes these transfers at the end of the reporting period that the transfers occur. For the periods
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no significant transfers of financial assets or financial liabilities between the hierarchy
levels. 

As
of June 30, 2024, no assets or liabilities were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

and shares, respectively, (ii) warrants convertible
into and shares, respectively, and (iii) promissory notes convertible into and shares,
respectively. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Management
will continue to evaluate the realization of the deferred tax assets and its related valuation allowance. If assessment of the deferred
tax assets or the corresponding valuation allowance were to change, the Company would record the related adjustment to income during
the period in which the determination is made. 

In
addition, the calculation of the Company s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
regulations. Liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. are recognized based on the estimate of whether, and to the extent
to which, additional taxes will be due. If it is ultimately determined that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, the liability will
be reversed and a tax benefit will be recognized during the period in which it is determined that the liability is no longer necessary.
The Company will record an additional charge to the provision for taxes in the period in which it is determined that the recorded tax
liability is less than the Company expects the ultimate assessment to be. 

ASC
740 which requires recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on income tax returns for the current year and for the
estimated future tax effect attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards. Measurement of deferred income tax is based on
enacted tax laws including tax rates, with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced by available tax benefits not
expected to be realized. 

research and development expenses incurred during the years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

advertising expenses incurred during the years ended June 30, 2024 and
2023. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

in cash to the licensor pursuant to the terms of the agreement and issued shares of common stock, valued at
 , as final payment due in August 2019. The Company is required to pay milestone payments upon obtaining regulatory approval of
pharmaceutical licensed products and royalties based upon sales of licensed products, and may grant sublicenses under the terms of the
agreement. Although the Company has previously recognized an impairment of its capitalized costs for the license agreement under US GAAP,
it retains its rights under the Accu-Break license agreement. 

shares of common stock of the Company to each of its Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with of such shares to be issued to each of them every quarter beginning July 1, 2021 and
continuing every three months through October 1, 2023; and also authorized the issuance of a total of shares of common stock
of the Company to its Chief Operating Officer with of such shares to be issued to him every quarter beginning July 1, 2022 and
continuing every three months through April 1, 2023, it being the intent of the Board that the issuance of these shares represented compensation
for services rendered for the then completed calendar quarter. At June 30, 2023, the Company has included as stock payable the 
fair value of the aggregate shares due to the officers at that date, which were subsequently issued in July 2023. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
5 - Stockholders Equity (continued) 

During
the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of its common stock as follows: 

shares to each of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and to the Company s
 Chief Operating Officer) as consideration for their services to the Company. The shares were valued at , based on the closing
 trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of Board authorization for the issuance. 

shares to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and to the Company s Chief Financial Officer) as
 consideration for their services to the Company. The shares were valued at per share), based on the closing trading
 price of the Company s common stock as of the date of Board authorization for the issuance. 

shares to Quick Capital, LLC Quick Capital as consideration for entering into a convertible loan agreement. The shares
 were valued at , which is included as a component of discount on convertible debt and is being amortized over the term of
 the loan in the accompanying June 30, 2024 financial statements (See Note 6). 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock as follows: 

shares to each of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer) as
 consideration for their services to the Company. The shares were valued at an aggregate , based on the closing trading price
 of the Company s common stock as of the date of Board authorization for the issuance. 

to Quick Capital, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company Quick Capital (see Note 7) as consideration for entering
 into an extension agreement on the Company s convertible loan. The shares were valued at per share, the closing price
 of the Company s common stock as of the date of the agreement. The ascribed value of is included as a component of
 interest expense on the accompanying June 30, 2023 financial statements. 

2017
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
August 10, 2017, the Company adopted the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan and granted an aggregate of shares of Common
Stock to five officers and directors of the Company, valued at per share). In March 2018, unvested shares
(valued at previously issued to the Company s former Chief Executive Officer were canceled. On July 25, 2018, the Company
accelerated the vesting of unvested shares of Common Stock previously granted to its former Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer. All shares issued (valued at have been vested. 

2018
Equity Incentive Plan 

(i)
On March 30, 2018, the Company s board of directors approved and recommended for adoption by the stockholders of the Company a
2018 Equity Incentive Plan and has reserved shares of Common Stock for issuance under the terms of that Plan. 

In
July 2018, the Board of Directors granted options to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock, , to officers/directors/consultants of the Company at an exercise price of per share. 

In
August 2018, the Board of Directors granted options to purchase a total of shares of Common Stock, , to two individuals, (i) a director and (ii) a consultant of the Company, at an exercise price of per share. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
5 - Stockholders Equity (continued) 

- 
 
 Average
 expected life (in years) 
 
 to 
 
 Volatility 
 
 to 

The
fair value of the options granted is , and all options granted have been fully vested. 

(ii)
On October 17, 2018, the Board of Directors granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of Common Stock, , to officers/directors of the Company at an exercise price of per share and confirmed a grant of options
made as of October 1, 2018, to purchase shares of Common Stock, , to an officer and director
of the Company at an exercise price . All of the options were fully vested as of the date of grant. 

- 
 
 Average
 expected life (in years) 

Volatility 
 
 to 

(iii)
On August 19, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of an aggregate options to three officers of the Company,
exercisable at per share for a . As of the date of grant, options were fully
vested and the balance of options have been vested according to their terms. 

Average
 expected life (in years) 

Volatility 

All
options granted are fully vested. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
5 - Stockholders Equity (continued) 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired/Canceled 
 - 

Outstanding
 and exercisable June 30, 2023 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired/Canceled 
 - 

Outstanding
 and exercisable June 30, 2024 

Warrants 

On
November 24, 2020, the Company issued warrants for the acquisition of common shares as partial consideration for the issuance of related
party convertible notes (Note 6). 

Class
 B 

Class
 C 

Average
 expected life (in years) 

Volatility 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022 the Company granted warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per
share, for a period of in conjunction with a financing agreement with an unrelated party (See Note 6). The fair value of
the warrants granted of was estimated on the date of grant based on the relative fair value of the cash received in the financing
agreement. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
5 - Stockholders Equity (continued) 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired/Canceled 
 - 

Outstanding
 and exercisable June 30, 2023 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

Expired/Canceled 
 - 

Outstanding
 and exercisable June 30, 2024 

(the Note ).
The Company received net proceeds of from the note, after Quick Capital s legal fees of , and an original issuance
discount of ). In connection with the Note issuance, Quick Capital was also issued restricted shares of the Company s
common stock and a three-year warrant (the Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of restricted shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share). These issuances were valued using the relative fair value method
of the cash received on the note. The Note is convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

There
is debt discount at June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, as all unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount had previously
been charged to operations. During the year ended June 30, 2023, was charged to operations for amortization of the recorded discount. 

In
May 2023, the Company and Quick Capital entered into an Amendment and Extension of the Note Purchase Agreement extending the maturity
of the Note to under the same terms as the original Note, with interest during the extension period accruing at the rate
of per annum on the unpaid principal balance from the January 18, 2023 original date of maturity. In consideration for the extension
of the Note, the Company issued to Quick Capital shares of the Company s Common Stock valued at per share).
Quick Capital extended the Note through March 31, 2024, and the Company and Quick Capital are in discussions for further extension of
the Note. At June 30, 2024, the Company has recorded accrued interest of on the outstanding principal balance of . 

(ii)
On February 14, 2024, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Quick Capital pursuant to which the Company issued Quick
Capital a six-month convertible promissory note, due August 14, 2024, in the principal amount of , with simple interest at the
rate of per annum (default interest at per annum). The Company received net proceeds of from the note, after Quick Capital s
legal fees of , and an original issuance discount of ). The note is convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion
price of per share. In connection with the note issuance, Quick Capital was also issued restricted shares of the Company s
common stock valued at . At June 30, 2024 the face amount of the note was included in discount on convertible debt and is being
amortized over the term of the loan. At June 30, 2024, the Company has recorded accrued interest of on the outstanding principal
balance of , and amortization of discount in the amount of . 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
6 Convertible Notes Payable (continued) 

Convertible
notes payable - related 

On
November 24, 2020, the Company entered into financing agreements with two individuals, its CEO and a shareholder. Under the agreements,
the Company issued unsecured convertible promissory notes due in with accrued interest at the rate of
 per annum, compounded annually. The notes and accrued interest are convertible at the option of the holders at any time into restricted
shares of the Company s common stock at a price of , being the volume-weighted average price of the common stock over
the trading days immediately preceding the date the notes were funded. The CEO was issued a note in the principal amount of ,
which included a advance made in October 2020 and an additional loan of . A stockholder of the Company loaned 
on these terms. Both lenders were also issued three types of warrants, exercisable for a five-year period, at prices of , ,
and , to purchase a total of shares. 

The
Company had recorded the conversion feature as a Beneficial Conversion Feature. The fair value of for the expense portion of
the notes is being amortized over the term of the notes. As the warrants exceeded the value of the notes themselves, the discount is
the entire amount of the notes. This fair value has been determined based on the current trading prices of the Company s common
stock. Management has determined that this treatment is appropriate given the uncertain nature of the value of the Company and its stock,
and there will be no revaluations until the note is paid or redeemed for stock. The note holders have agreed not to convert the loans
unless sufficient shares of common stock are available for conversion. 

At
June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, (net of discount of and (net of discount of ), respectively, was due under
the financing agreements. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively, was charged to operations
for amortization of the Beneficial Conversion Feature of the related party convertible notes payable. 

The
noteholders agreed to extend the due date of the loans through June 30, 2024 under the same terms and conditions as the original note.
The Company has accrued interest on the notes at the default interest rate of per annum from November 24, 2023 through June 30, 2024;
has adjusted the conversion price to per share; and has charged to operations during the year ended June 30, 2024 the value of
the Beneficial Conversion Feature of , based on the repriced conversion price to per share. 

to the Company for working capital and operating purposes, of which 
was advanced during the year ended June 30, 2024. The advances are non-interest bearing and are repayable on demand. At June 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company has recorded a current liability to the officer of and , respectively. The Company has recorded
imputed interest on the advances at a rate of for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 in the amounts of and , respectively. 

The
Board of Directors authorized the issuance of a total of shares of common stock of the Company to each of its Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with of such shares to be issued to each of them every quarter beginning July 1, 2021 and
continuing every three months through October 1, 2023. In June 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of a total of 
shares of common stock to its Chief Operating Officer with of such shares to be issued to him every quarter beginning July 1,
2022 and continuing every three months through April 1, 2023. At June 30, 2023, the Company has included as stock payable the 
fair value of the aggregate shares due to the officers; these shares were subsequently issued during the year ended June 30,
2024. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued and shares of common stock, valued at 
and , respectively, to the officers. 

As
discussed in Note 6, in November 2020, the Company entered into convertible debt financing agreements with two individuals, its CEO and
a shareholder, for aggregate borrowings . At June 30, 2024 and 2023, and (net of discount of ), respectively,
was due under the financing agreements. 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
7 Related Party Transactions (continued) 

BioPharma
was formed as a subsidiary of Kanativa USA, which is a subsidiary of Kanativa Inc. Kanativa USA was issued shares of BioPharma s
common stock as consideration for its contribution of of the ownership of NexN, and costs and expenses incurred on behalf of BioPharma
and capitalized license agreement costs. 

The
members of the Company s Board of Directors, its Chief Executive Office and its Chief Financial Officer are also directors and
officers of Kanativa Inc., and other subsidiaries and affiliated entities of Kanativa Inc. 

as of June
30, 2024 that will be offset against future taxable income. There were no uncertain tax positions taken by the Company. 

statutory rate of Federal and State) 

Valuation
 allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

NEXIEN
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

to the Company for working capital and operating purposes.
The advance is non-interest bearing and is repayable on demand. 

In
October, 2024, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Quick Capital pursuant to which the Company issued Quick Capital
a convertible promissory note, due six months after the date of issue, in the principal amount of , with simple interest at the
rate of per annum (default interest at per annum). The Company received net proceeds of from the note, after Quick Capital s
legal fees of , and an original issuance discount of ). The note is convertible into shares of common stock at a fixed
conversion price of per share. In connection with the note issuance, Quick Capital was also issued restricted shares of
the Company s common stock. 

The
Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to June 30, 2024 through the date these financial statements were issued, and has determined
that it does not have any additional material subsequent events to disclose 

F- 17 

ITEM
 9. 
 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of June 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation,
we have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
applicable SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting for our internal control system
was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over our financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairy reflect our transactions. 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization
 of our management and directors; and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or circumvention
through collusion of improper overriding of controls. Therefore, even those internal control systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness
of internal control may vary over time. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024. In making its assessment
of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal-Control-Integrated Framework - 2013 and implemented a process to monitor and assess
both the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls. Based on this assessment, management believes that as of June 30,
2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

As
of June 30, 2024, we did not establish a formal written policy for the approval, identification, and authorization of related party transactions. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management has evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. In connection with
such evaluation, there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during fiscal year ended June
30, 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. While
there have been no changes, we have assessed our internal controls as being deficient and will be taking steps beginning in 2024 to remedy
such deficiencies. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

There
are further disclosures. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
Applicable. 

34 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
directors were elected to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors will have been elected
and will have qualified. The following table sets forth the name, age and position held with respect to our present executive officers
and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Richard
 Greenberg 
 
 75 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Evan
 Wasoff 
 
 77 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Robert
 I. Goldfarb 
 
 69 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Lindy
 Snider 
 
 62 
 
 Director

Richard
Greenberg, 75, Chief Executive Officer and Director , has been a director since its inception in March 2017 and the Chief Executive
Officer since March 2020. He has also served as Executive Vice President and a Director of Kanativa Inc. (formerly Intiva Inc). and Kanativa
USA since their inception in February 2014 and August 2014, respectively. Mr. Greenberg has over 30 years of legal, consulting, and regulatory
compliance experience. Mr. Greenberg has served as a Subcommittee Counsel for the U.S. House of Representatives, and as a Senior Enforcement
Attorney for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Mr. Greenberg was a founder of TechLaw, Inc., a national consulting firm serving
both the federal government and industry clients. Previous management roles include Director of Environmental Management Consulting Services
for PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Greenberg received a B.A. degree from City University of New York Queens College and a J.D. degree
from Rutgers University School of Law. 

Evan
Wasoff, 77, Chief Financial Officer , has over 40 years of experience as a certified public accountant. Mr. Wasoff also serves as
CFO of Kanativa Inc. (formerly Intiva Inc.) From 2005 to 2012, Mr. Wasoff served as the Chief Financial Officer and compliance officer
at Falcon Oil and Gas Ltd., a Canadian oil and gas exploration company with activities in Hungary, Australia, Canada and the United States.
Since 2012, he has been the principal of AZCO Financial Management, LLC, located in Boulder Colorado, providing business advisory and
consulting services and outsourced CFO and controllership services to publicly-reporting and private companies. Mr. Wasoff holds a Certified
Public Accounting license in Colorado. He received a B.S. degree in accounting from the State University of New York at Albany, and an
MBA in Finance from the University of Colorado. 

Robert
Goldfarb, 69, Chief Operating Officer, has over 37 years of legal experience, with much of that focused on the pharmaceutical industry.
Since 2007, Mr. Goldfarb has been President and general counsel for privately-held Accu-Break Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Since 2011, he has
been a director of privately-held Sustained Nano Systems LLC. Mr. Goldfarb obtained his bachelor s degree from the University of
Connecticut and his J.D. from the University of Florida. He is a member of the Florida Bar. 

Lindy
Snider, 62, Director, is an active entrepreneur, philanthropist and advocate for the benefits of medical cannabis. In 2003, Ms. Snider
founded and created the Pennsylvania-based Lindi Skin, the first-ever skincare collection dedicated to help relieve the often-debilitating
skin side-effects of individuals undergoing cancer therapies including chemotherapy and radiation. Lindi Skin represents an entirely
new niche in dermatology and oncology, providing cancer patients with skin care products that bring a sense of wellness and control as
they deal with the side effects of their chemotherapy and radiation treatment, which include widely known conditions of hair loss and
nausea, among other side-effects. Lindi Skin helps patients address the lesser-known skin side-effects of sores, rashes, burns, flaky
skin and loss of skin elasticity that often result. 

35 

Ms.
Snider, as an active and dedicated philanthropist, is also an active board member of many Philadelphia and national charitable and other
philanthropic organization, which include: Cancer Forward; PSPCA; National Museum of American Jewish History; Shoah Foundation s
Next Generation Council; Philadelphia Orchestra; Fox Chase Cancer Foundation; and the Snider Foundation. Ms. Snider is a founder and
director of Athletes for Care, an organization dedicated to creating a community where former professional athlete can find support,
opportunity and purpose in life after a career in sports. The organization is a strong advocate of the use of medical cannabis, as well
as a director of Stem Holdings Inc., which owns and leases real estate to the marijuana industry. The common stock of Stem Holdings is
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and trades on the OTCQB under the symbol STMH . Ms. Snider is chair
of the Entrepreneurship and Social Impact Initiative of The Lambert Center for the Study of Medicinal Cannabis and Hemp at Thomas Jefferson
University in Philadelphia and is also an associate fellow of the Institute of Emerging Health Professions, Thomas Jefferson University. 

Our
directors, officers or affiliates have not, within the past five years, filed any bankruptcy petition, been convicted in or been the
subject of any pending criminal proceedings, or is any such person the subject or any order, judgment or decree involving the violation
of any state or federal securities laws. 

Audit
Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominations Committee 

We
do not have any of the above-mentioned standing committees because our corporate financial affairs and corporate governance are simple
in nature at this stage of development and each financial transaction is approved by our entire board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
do not currently have a Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officers; however, the Company plans to implement such a
code in the near future. 

Potential
Conflicts of Interest 

Since
we do not have a compensation committee comprised of independent Directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committee
are performed by our Board of Directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors have the authority to
determine issues concerning management compensation, in essence their own. There is also a potential conflict in that Messrs. Greenberg
and Wasoff are either officers and/or directors of Kanativa USA Inc., and its parent, Kanativa Inc., which owns approximately 27 of
outstanding shares of the Company. 

We
are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our Executives or Directors. 

Board s
Role in Risk Oversight 

The
Board assesses on an ongoing basis the risks faced by the Company. These risks include financial, technological, competitive, and operational
risks. The Board s Audit Committee is responsible for the assessment and oversight of the Company s financial risk exposures. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We
are not aware of any material legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning any Director or control person
which involved a criminal conviction, a pending criminal proceeding, a pending or concluded administrative or civil proceeding limiting
one s participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

36 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our Company s officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered
class of our Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC, and to furnish to
our Company copies of such reports. 

Based
solely on the review of Forms 3 and 4 received by our Company during the June 30, 2024 fiscal year, as required under Section 16(a)(2)
of the Exchange Act, there were no delinquent Form 3 or 4 filings. 

ITEM
 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth information about the remuneration of our principal executive officer for services rendered during our fiscal
years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (the Named Officer ). There were no other executive officers that had total compensation
of 100,000 or more for our last completed full fiscal year. Certain tables and columns have been omitted as no information was required
to be disclosed under those tables or columns. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and principal position 
 Fiscal year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Stock awards 
 )(1)(2) 
 Option awards 
 ) 
 All other compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Richard Greenberg 
 2024 
 -0- 
 51,400 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 51,400 
 
 (Chief Executive Officer) (3) 
 2023 
 -0- 
 70,000 (1) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 70,000 

(1) 
 The
 2023 shares were valued at 0.07 per share, the closing trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of grant. 

(2) 
 The
 2024 shares were valued at 0.07 per share, the closing trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of grant
 as to 35,000; and 0.0164 per share, the closing trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of grant as to
 16,400. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Greenberg has served in this capacity since March 31, 2020. 

Due
to the Company s limited cash resources, no cash compensation is being paid to the Company s three officers. On August 19,
2020, the Board of Directors authorized the grant of options to purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at a price
of 0.08 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of seven years. Two-thirds of the options (3,333,334) vested immediately,
as such options represented compensation for services rendered through June 30, 2020. The remaining 1,666,666 options vested quarterly
over the next four calendar quarters beginning September 30, 2020 and are now fully vested. 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to stock awards for the Named Officer. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 
 Richard 
 150,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 0.54 
 7/25/2025 
 
 Greenberg 
 100,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 0.65 
 10/26/2025 

2,500,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 5 0.08 
 8/19/2027 

37 

Employment
Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements 

None
of our executive officers or directors is a party to any employment contract. No retirement, pension, profit sharing, or insurance programs
or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of the Company s employees. 

Director
Compensation 

We
currently do not compensate our directors in cash for acting as such. We reimburse our directors for reasonable expenses incurred in
connection with their service as directors. 

ITEM
 12. 
 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of Common Stock as of October 22, 2024. The information
in this table provides the ownership information for: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common
stock; each of our directors; each of our executive officers; and our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Common
 Stock Beneficially
 Owned (2) 
 Percentage
 of 
 Common Stock
 Owned (2) 
 
 Kanativa
 USA Inc. (3) 
 19,000,000 
 27.0 
 
 Richard
 Greenberg, Chief Executive Officer and Director (4) 
 14,187,005 
 19.3 
 
 Evan
 Wasoff, Chief Financial Officer (5) 
 8,620,000 
 11.8 
 
 Kanativa
 Ventures Inc. 
 5,000,000 
 7.1 
 
 Alex
 Wasyl 
 3,811,500 
 5.4 
 
 Robert
 Goldfarb, Chief Operating Officer (6) 
 3,278,800 
 4.6 
 
 Lindy
 Snider, Director (7) 
 830,000 
 1.2 
 
 All
 Officers and Directors (4 persons) (8) 
 26,915,805 
 35.1 

(1) 
 The
 address of each beneficial owner is 4340 E. Kentucky Avenue, Suite 206, Denver, Colorado 80246. 

(2) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 70,772,196 Shares of Common Stock outstanding as of October 22, 2024. Beneficial ownership is determined
 in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
 to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 22, 2024 are deemed
 to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person
 but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(3) 
 Kanativa
 USA, Inc. is a Colorado corporation that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kanativa Inc., a Canadian corporation. 

(4) 
 Includes
 2,750,000 shares purchasable under immediately exercisable stock options, 3,188,859 shares purchasable under exercisable warrants,
 and 1,062,953 shares issuable upon the conversion of a promissory note. 

(5) 
 Includes
 2,120,000 shares purchasable under immediately exercisable stock options. 

(6) 
 Includes
 1,000,000 shares purchasable under immediately exercisable stock options. 

(7) 
 Includes
 100,000 shares purchasable under immediately exercisable stock options. 

(8) 
 Includes
 5,970,000 shares purchasable under immediately exercisable stock options, 3,188,859 shares purchasable under exercisable warrants,
 and 1,062,953 shares issuable upon the conversion of a promissory note. 

To
the knowledge of the Company, there are no arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control
of the Company. 

38 

Long-Term
Incentive Plan LTIP and Awards 

2017
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
August 10, 2017, BioPharma adopted the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan under which the board of directors is authorized to grant
up to 7,200,000 shares of its common stock. An aggregate of 6,400,000 shares of Common Stock to five officers and directors of the Company,
valued at 800,000 0.125 per share) were granted. In March 2018, 1,166,667 unvested shares (valued at 145,833) previously issued to
the Company s former Chief Executive Officer were canceled. As of June 30, 2024, all of the remaining 5,233,333 shares issued (valued
at 654,167) have been vested. 

2018
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
March 30, 2018, the Company s board of directors approved and recommended for adoption by the stockholders of the Company a 2018
Equity Incentive Plan and reserved 8,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance under the terms of that Plan. The total number of shares
reserved and available for grant and issuance under the 2018 Plan is 8,000,000 shares, plus any reserved shares not issued or subject
to outstanding grants under the 2017 Stock Plan and shares that cease to be subject to awards under the 2017 Stock Plan because of forfeiture.
In addition, the number of shares available for grant and issuance under the 2018 Plan will be increased on July 1 of each of the next
ten calendar years by the lesser of (a) 15 of the number of shares issued during the most recently completed fiscal year or (b) such
number of shares determined by the board of directors. The 2018 Plan permits the board to grant a variety of incentive awards: stock
options, restricted stock awards, stock bonus awards, and stock appreciation rights. Stockholder approval was obtained on March 29, 2019.
As of June 30, 2024, 7,995,000 stock options granted under the 2018 Plan are outstanding. 

ITEM
 13. 
 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain
Related Party Transactions 

On
November 24, 2020, the Company entered into financing agreements with two individuals, Mr. Greenberg and a stockholder. Under the agreements,
the Company issued unsecured convertible promissory notes due in three years (November 24, 2023) with accrued interest at the rate of
8 per annum, compounded annually. The notes and accrued interest are convertible at the option of the holders at any time into restricted
shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.037631, being the volume-weighted average price of the common stock over
the 10 trading days immediately preceding the date the notes were funded. Mr. Greenberg was issued a note in the principal amount of
 40,000, which included a 15,000 advance made in October 2020 and an additional loan of 25,000. A stockholder of the Company loaned
 25,000 on these terms. Both lenders were also issued three types of warrants, exercisable for a five-year period, at prices of 0.040265,
 0.043276, and 0.045157, to purchase a total of 5,181,897 shares. The noteholders agreed to extend the due date of the loans through
June 30, 2024 under the same terms and conditions as the original note. The Company has accrued interest on the notes at the default
interest rate of 18 per annum from November 24, 2023 through June 30, 2024 and has adjusted the conversion price to 0.02 per share. 

In
May 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of a total of 2,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company to each of its
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with 250,000 of such shares to be issued to each of them every quarter beginning
July 1, 2021 and continuing every three months through October 1, 2023, it being the intent of the Board that the issuance of these shares
represents compensation for services rendered for the then completed calendar quarter. In June 2022, the Board of Directors authorized
the issuance of a total of 1,000,000 shares of common stock to its Chief Operating Officer with 250,000 of such shares to be issued to
him every quarter beginning July 1, 2022 and continuing every three months through April 1, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has
recorded as a component of stockholders equity the 50,750 fair value of the shares issued in July 2023. 

In
May 2024, the Company issued an aggregate 3,000,000 shares of its common stock (1,000,000 to the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and 2,000,000 to the Company s Chief Financial Officer) as consideration for their services to the Company. The shares were valued
at 49,200 0.0164 per share), based on the closing trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of Board authorization
for the issuance. 

39 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company s Chief Executive Officer has advanced an aggregate of 58,400 to the Company for working capital
and operating purposes, of which 13,400 was advanced during the year ended June 30, 2024. The advances are non-interest bearing and
are repayable on demand. 

Our
two directors, Richard Greenberg and Lindy Snider, are two members of Kanativa s board of directors. Evan Wasoff, the Company s
Chief Financial Officer, and Richard Greenberg are also officers of Kanativa and serve in similar positions with other subsidiaries and
affiliated entities of Kanativa. 

Indebtedness
of Management 

No
officer, director or security holder known to us to own of record or beneficially more than 5 of our Common Stock or any member of the
immediate family or sharing the household (other than a tenant or employee) of any of the foregoing persons is indebted to us in the
year 2024 and to date. 

Director
Independence 

NASDAQ
Rule 5605, which sets forth several tests to determine whether a director of a listed Company is independent, provides that a director
would not be considered independent if the director or an immediate family member accepted any compensation from the listed Company in
excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the determination of independence (excluding
compensation for board or board committee service, compensation paid to an immediate family member as a non-executive employee, benefits
paid under a tax-qualified retirement plan and non-discretionary compensation). 

In
determining whether our directors are considered independent, the Company used the definition of independence as defined in NASDAQ Rule
4200. Based on that definition we believe that Lindy Snider is our independent director. 

ITEM
 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table is a summary of the fees billed to us by M K CPAS for professional services for the fiscal years as disclosed in
the table below: 

Fee
 Category 
 Fees
 Billed for 
 Fiscal
 2024 
 Fees
 Billed for 
 Fiscal
 2023 

Audit
 Fees (1) 
 25,975 
 22,500 
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 Fees 

All
 Other Fees 

Total
 Fees 
 25,975 
 22,500 

(1) 
 Includes
 audit of annual financial statements and review of unaudited quarterly financial statements. 

(2) 
 Includes
 review of our registration statement. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

According
to the Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee is to review and preapprove both audit and non-audit services to be provided by the
independent auditor. The authority to grant preapprovals may be delegated to one or more designated members of the audit committee, whose
decisions will be presented to the full audit committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. 

40 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference to: 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit
 3.1 to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed November 14, 2014 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Merger 
 
 Exhibit
 3.1(i) to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed November 14, 2014 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit
 3.1(ii) to the registrant s registration statement on Form 10 filed November 14, 2014 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit
 3.4 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2018 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit
 3.4 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed September 28, 2018 
 
 3.6 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Exhibit
 3.2 to the registrant s Form 10 registration statement filed November 14, 2014 
 
 10.1# 
 
 2017
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit
 10.1 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2018 
 
 10.2 
 
 Exclusive
 License Agreement between the Company and Accu-Break Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit
 10.3 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2018 
 
 10.3# 
 
 2018
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit
 10.4 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2018 
 
 10.4 
 
 First
 Amendment to Exclusive License Agreement between the Company and Accu-Break Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated September 18, 2018 
 
 Exhibit
 10.6 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed September 28, 2018 
 
 10.5 
 
 Demand
 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 11, 2020 to Richard Greenberg 
 
 Exhibit
 10.6 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed September 28, 2020 
 
 10.6 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note and Warrants dated November 24, 2020 to Richard Greenberg 
 
 Exhibit
 10.7 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed February 11, 2021 
 
 10.7 
 
 Note
 Purchase Agreement dated January 18, 2022 between the Company and Quick Capital, LLC 
 
 Exhibit
 10.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed January 21, 2022 
 
 10.8 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note dated January 18, 2022 issued to Quick Capital, LLC 
 
 Exhibit
 10.2 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed January 21, 2022 
 
 10.9 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant dated January 18, 2022 issued to Quick Capital, LLC 
 
 Exhibit
 10.3 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed January 21, 2022 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amendment
 and Extension of Note Purchase Agreement dated May 8, 2023 
 
 Exhibit
 10.10 to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K filed September 28, 2023 
 
 10.11 
 
 Note
 Purchase Agreement dated February 14, 2024 between the Company and Quick Capital, LLC 
 
 Exhibit
 10.11 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2024 
 
 10.12 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note dated February 14, 2024 issued to Quick Capital, LLC 
 
 Exhibit
 10.11 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2024 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment
 and Second Extension of Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and Richard Greenberg dated February 29, 2024 
 
 Exhibit
 10.11 to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2024 
 
 10.14 
 
 Note
 Purchase Agreement dated October 3, 2024 between the Company and Quick Capital, LLC 

10.15 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note dated October 3, 2024 issued to Quick Capital, LLC 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 
 
 Exhibit
 21.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225477) filed June 7, 2018 

41 

31.1 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Richard Greenberg 

31.2 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Evan Wasoff 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Richard Greenberg Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Evan Wasoff Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Financial
 statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nexien BioPharma, Inc. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL:
 (i) the Balance Sheets; (ii) the Statements of Operations; (iii) the Statements of Stockholders Deficit; (iv) the Statements
 of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Financial Statements. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

# 
 Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

In
 accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the information in these exhibits shall not be deemed to be filed for
 purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that section,
 and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933,
 as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

ITEM
 16. 
 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY. 

Not
applicable. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEXIEN
 BIOPHARMA, INC. 

Dated:
 October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Richard Greenberg 

Richard
 Greenberg, Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Richard Greenberg 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 
 October
 22, 2024 
 
 Richard
 Greenberg 

/s/
 Evan Wasoff 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 October
 22, 2024 
 
 Evan
 Wasoff 

/s/
 Lindy Snider 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 22, 2024 
 
 Lindy
 Snider 

43 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit
10.14 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 ex10-15.htm

Exhibit
10.15 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Richard Greenberg, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nexien BioPharma, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 22, 2024 

/s/ Richard Greenberg 

Richard Greenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Evan Wasoff, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nexien BioPharma, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 22, 2024 

/s/ Evan Wasoff 

Evan Wasoff 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Nexien BioPharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard Greenberg, principal executive officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 22, 2024 

/s/ Richard Greenberg 

Richard Greenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Nexien BioPharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Evan Wasoff, principal financial officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 22, 2024 

/s/ Evan Wasoff 

Evan Wasoff 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 60
 nxen-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 62
 nxen-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 63
 nxen-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 64
 nxen-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

