<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241129_10-K_edgar_data_913760_0000913760-24-000187.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21857944</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>845849</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3436674</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9052110</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4138054</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3891831</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000913760-24-000187.hdr.sgml : 20241129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241129092036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000913760-24-000187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			StoneX Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000913760
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				592921318
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36045
		FILM NUMBER:		241513458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 PARK AVE
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-485-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		230 PARK AVE
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTL FCSTONE INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110302

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNATIONAL ASSETS HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000913760-24-000187.txt : 20241129

10-K
 1
 intl-20240930.htm
 10-K

intl-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2024 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of March 31, 2024, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million. 
 As of November 22, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Document Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

 StoneX Group Inc. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 34 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 70 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 127 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 127 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 127 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 127 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 128 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 128 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 128 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 128 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 128 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 129 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 131 
 Signatures 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 Throughout this document, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Company , we , us and our refer to StoneX Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Cautionary Statement about Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section entitled Risk Factors (refer to Part I, Item 1A). We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview of Business and Strategy 
 We operate a global financial services network that connects companies, organizations, traders and investors to the global market ecosystem through a unique blend of digital platforms, end-to-end clearing and execution services, high touch service and deep expertise. We strive to be the one trusted partner to our clients, providing our network, product and services to allow them to pursue trading opportunities, manage their market risks, make investments and improve their business performance. Our businesses are supported by our global infrastructure of regulated operating subsidiaries, our advanced technology platforms and our team of more than 4,500 employees as of September 30, 2024. We believe our client-first approach differentiates us from large banking institutions, engenders trust and has enabled us to establish market leading positions in a number of complex fields in financial markets around the world. 
 We offer a vertically integrated product suite, beginning with high-touch and electronic access to nearly all major financial markets worldwide, as well as numerous liquidity venues. We deliver this access through the entire lifecycle of a trade, from deep market expertise and on-the-ground intelligence to best execution and finally post-trade clearing, custody and settlement services. We believe this is a unique product offering outside of the bulge bracket banks, which creates long-term relationships with our clients. Our business model has created a revenue stream that is diversified by asset class, client type and geography, earning commissions and spreads as clients execute transactions across our global network, monetizing non-trading client activity including interest and fee earnings on client balances as well as earning consulting and fees for our market intelligence and risk management services. 
 We currently serve more than 54,000 commercial, institutional, and payments clients, and over 400,000 self-directed/retail accounts located in more than 180 countries. Our clients include commercial entities, regional, national and introducing broker-dealers, asset managers, insurance companies, brokers, institutional and individual investors, professional traders, commercial and investment banks as well as government and non-governmental organizations NGOs ). We believe our clients value us for our attention to their needs, our expertise and flexibility, our global reach, our ability to provide access to liquidity in hard-to-reach markets and opportunities, and our status as a well-capitalized and regulatory-compliant organization. 
 We engage in direct sales efforts to seek new clients, with a strategy of extending our services to potential clients that are similar in size and operations to our existing client base. In executing this strategy, we intend to both target new geographic locations and expand the services offered in geographic locations in which we currently operate in an effort to increase our market share or where there is an unmet demand for our services. Through our mobile platforms and intranet websites, including StoneX.com, FOREX.com, and StoneXBullion.com we seek to attract and onboard new clients generated from digital marketing and brand advertising initiatives. We also pursue new clients through indirect channels, including our StoneX Marketing Partners affiliate program, StoneX.com/marketing partnerships; our relationships with introducing brokers, who solicit clients on our behalf; and white label partners, who offer our services to their clients under their own brand. In addition, we selectively pursue small- to medium-sized acquisitions, focusing primarily on targets that satisfy specified criteria, including client-centric organizations that enable us to increase market share in existing products, or which help us expand into new asset classes, client segments and geographies where we currently have a small or limited market presence. 
 We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on key trends impacting the financial services sector. Among others, these trends include the impact of increased regulation on banking institutions and other financial services providers; increased consolidation, especially of smaller sub-scale financial services providers and independent securities clearing firms; the growing importance and complexity of conducting secure cross-border transactions; and the demand among financial institutions to transact with well-capitalized counterparties. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We focus on mitigating exposure to market risk, ensuring adequate liquidity to maintain our daily operations and making non-interest expenses variable, to the greatest extent possible. Our strategy is to utilize a centralized and disciplined process for capital allocation, risk management and cost control, while delegating the execution of strategic objectives and day-to-day management to experienced individuals. This requires high quality managers, a clear communication of performance objectives and strong financial, operational and compliance controls. We believe this strategy will enable us to build a more scalable and significantly larger organization that embraces an entrepreneurial approach to business, supported and underpinned by strong centralized financial and compliance controls. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our internet address is www.stonex.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, statements of changes in beneficial ownership and press releases are available free of charge in the Investor Relations section of this website. Our website also includes information regarding our corporate governance, including our Code of Ethics, which governs our directors, officers and employees. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this report or any other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 Capabilities 
 We connect our clients to global financial and physical markets and liquidity sources to enable them with efficient access to a broad array of financial and physical products through a combination of high-touch service and digital platforms in pursuit of their business objectives. Our financial network connects our clients to over 40 derivatives exchanges, 185 foreign exchange markets, most global securities exchanges and over 18,000 over-the-counter markets. 
 Execution 
 We provide trade execution services to our clients via both high-touch service and electronically through a wide variety of technology platforms that connect them to markets across the globe. Asset and product types include listed futures and options on futures, equities, mutual funds, ETFs, equity options, foreign currencies, corporate, government and municipal bonds and unit investment trusts. 
 Clearing 
 We provide competitive and efficient clearing on all major futures exchanges globally. One of our subsidiaries is one of the largest non-bank futures commission merchant FCM in the United States U.S. as measured by its 5.7 billion in required client segregated assets as of September 30, 2024 and our United Kingdom U.K. subsidiary is one of only seven Category One ring dealing members of the London Metals Exchange (the LME ). In addition, we act as an independent full-service provider of clearing, custody, research and security-based lending products in the global securities markets. We provide multi-asset prime brokerage, outsourced trading and custody, as well as self-clearing and introduced clearing services for hedge funds, mutual funds and family offices. We provide prime brokerage services in major foreign currency pairs and swap transactions to institutional clients. Additionally, we provide clearing of foreign exchange transactions, as well as clearing of a wide range of over-the-counter OTC products. 
 OTC / Market-Making 
 We offer clients access to the OTC markets for a broad range of traded commodities, global securities, foreign currencies, contracts for difference CFD and interest rate products. For clients with commodity price and financial risk, our customized and tailored OTC structures help mitigate those risks by integrating the processes of product design, execution of the underlying components of the structured risk product, transaction reporting and valuation. 
 We provide market-making and execution in a variety of financial products including commodity derivatives, unlisted American Depository Receipts ADRs and Global Depository Receipts GDRs ), foreign ordinary shares, and foreign currencies. In addition, we are an institutional dealer in fixed income securities including U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agency, agency mortgage-backed, asset-backed, corporate, emerging market, convertible and high-yield securities. 
 Payments 
 We have built a scalable platform to provide end-to-end global payment solutions to banks and commercial businesses, as well as charities, NGOs and government organizations. We offer payments services in more than 140 currencies. In this business, we primarily act as a principal in buying and selling foreign currencies on a spot basis deriving revenue from the difference between the purchase and sale prices. Through our comprehensive platform and our commitment to client service, we provide simple and fast execution, delivering funds in any of these countries quickly through our global network of approximately 350 correspondent banking relationships. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Advisory Services 
 We provide value-added advisory services and high-touch trade execution across a variety of financial markets, including commodities, foreign currencies, interest rates, institutional asset management and independent wealth management. For commercial clients with exposure to commodities, foreign currencies and interest rates, we work through our proprietary Integrated Risk Management Program IRMP to systematically identify and quantify their risks and then develop strategic plans to effectively manage these risks with a view to protecting their margins and ultimately improving their bottom lines. 
 We also participate in the underwriting and trading of agency mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed, asset-backed and municipal securities as well as structured credit in domestic and international markets. Through our asset management activities, we leverage our specialist expertise in niche markets to provide institutional investors with tailored investment products. Through our independent wealth management business, we provide advisory services to the growing retail investor market. 
 Market Intelligence 
 Our Market Intelligence platform provides our clients with access to deep data and incisive commentary from our expert traders and analysts from across our global network. This platform focuses on providing local, actionable insights and detailed intelligence from every market we trade, through the lens of our professionals, who leverage first-hand knowledge and personal connections to deliver a unique advantage for our clients. 
 Physical Trading 
 We act as a principal to support the needs of our clients in a variety of physical commodities, primarily precious metals, as well as across the commodity complex, including renewable fuels, grains, oil seeds, cotton, coffee, cocoa, fats and oils and feed products. Through these activities, we have the ability to offer a simplified risk management approach to our commercial clients by embedding more complex hedging structures as part of each physical contract to provide clients with enhanced price risk mitigation. We also offer clients efficient off-take or supply services, as well as logistics management. 
 
 Operating Segments 
 Our business activities are managed through four operating segments, including Commercial, Institutional, Self-Directed/Retail, and Payments, as follows: 
 Commercial 
 The Commercial segment comprises the activities associated with the identification, management, hedging and monitoring of various commodity and financial risks faced by commercial entities in their business cycles, including risks related to interest rates, foreign exchange, agricultural commodities, energy and renewable fuels, industrial metals, precious metals, and other physical commodities. 
 We offer our commercial clients a comprehensive array of products and services, including risk management and hedging services, execution and clearing of exchange-traded and OTC products, voice brokerage, market intelligence and physical trading as well as commodity financing and logistics services. We believe our ability to provide these high-value-added products and services, differentiates us from our competitors and maximizes the opportunity to retain our clients. 
 Our risk management consulting services are designed to quantify and monitor commercial entities exposure to commodity and financial risk. Upon assessing this exposure, we develop a plan to control and hedge these risks with post-trade reporting against specific client objectives. Our clients are assisted in the execution of their hedging strategies through a wide range of products from listed exchange-traded futures and options to basic OTC instruments that offer greater flexibility, to structured OTC products designed for customized solutions and physical contracts. 
 Our execution and clearing services span virtually all traded commodity markets, with the largest concentrations in agricultural and energy commodities (consisting primarily of grains, energy and renewable fuels, coffee, sugar, cotton, and food service), as well as precious and base metals products. We also provide execution of foreign currency forwards and options and interest rate swaps as well as a wide range of structured product solutions to our commercial clients who are seeking cost-effective hedging strategies. Generally, our clients direct their own trading activity, and our risk management consultants do not have discretionary authority to transact trades on behalf of our clients. 
 We provide a full range of physical trading capabilities in precious metals markets providing our clients the ability to purchase physical gold and other precious metals, in multiple forms, and in denominations of their choice. In our precious metals activities, we act as a principal, committing our own capital to buy and sell precious metals on a spot and forward basis. 
 In addition, we act as a principal to facilitate physical commodity trading and provide marketing, procurement, logistics and price management services to clients across the commodity complex, including renewable fuels, grains, oil seeds, cotton, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 coffee, cocoa, sugar, fats and oils and feed products. We selectively provide financing to commercial companies against physical inventories. 
 We generally mitigate the price risk associated with commodities held in inventory through the use of derivatives. We do not elect hedge accounting under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP in accounting for this price risk mitigation. 
 Within this segment we organize our marketing efforts into client industry product lines including agricultural, energy and renewable fuels, metals and various other commodities, servicing commercial producers, end users and intermediaries around the world. 
 Competitive Environment - Commercial Segment 
 Industry participants include producers/end-users, wholesalers and merchants, corporations, introducing brokers, grain elevators, merchandisers, importer/exporter and market intermediaries such as FCMs and swaps dealers, and liquidity venues such as commodity exchanges, financial exchanges and OTC markets. Commercial entities face a variety of risks, including risks related to commodity input pricing, supply chain management and inventory financing, interest rate changes, foreign exchange rate changes, and price and quantity volatility in their outputs. Market intermediaries facilitate the identification, management and hedging of commodity and financial risks on behalf of commercial entities by designing and executing hedging programs through the use of various hedging instruments, including futures and options traded on exchanges or plain vanilla and more complex structured products traded bi-laterally on the OTC markets. Commercial entities occasionally prefer to manage exposure to physical commodities through direct purchase and sale agreements for which they may utilize the services of physical commodity merchants. 
 The need for, and volume of, client hedging activity is driven by commodity supply and demand dynamics, quantity and quality of commodity production and consumption, both locally and globally, trading of various commodities, and economic and geopolitical factors. In addition, the price levels and price volatility of various commodities generally increase the need of commercial clients to hedge. FCMs, swaps dealers, physical commodity merchants and other intermediaries and service providers create value for commercial clients by managing risks across the clients operations, allowing them to focus on their core expertise. In addition, commercial clients often face financial risks such as interest rate and foreign exchange rate volatility, which these intermediaries help to mitigate. Physical commodity merchants serve clients by providing trading, hedging, inventory financing and logistics services. 
 Competitors in the Commercial segment include independent (non-bank) FCMs, FCMs affiliated with large commodity producers, global banks and independent and bank-owned swaps dealers. Although global banks represent the vast majority of client segregated assets, they tend to focus on larger clients. Independent, non-bank FCMs tend to focus on serving small- to mid-sized commercial clients where they face less competition from the global banks. Over the last 15 years since the financial crisis, global banks have increased the minimum size of clients they are willing to serve, in part due to decreasing profit margins often driven by regulation, such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act in the United States and the revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive MiFID II and accompanying regulation, Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation MiFIR in Europe. This has presented an opportunity for non-bank participants in this industry, such as us, to acquire small and mid-sized clients and increase market share. 
 We strive to increase market share and attract new clients that are underserved by the global banks, capitalizing on our position as one of few publicly listed mid-sized financial services companies offering our clients access to global futures and options products through our well-capitalized independent FCMs, structured OTC products through our swaps dealer as well as our physical commodity offerings. We have also taken advantage of opportunities to consolidate sub-scale competitors into our Commercial businesses. 
 Institutional 
 We provide institutional clients with a complete suite of equity trading services to help them find liquidity with best execution, consistent liquidity across a robust array of fixed income products, competitive and efficient clearing and execution in all major futures and securities exchanges globally, as well as prime brokerage in equities and major foreign currency pairs and swap transactions. In addition, we originate, structure and place debt instruments in the domestic and international capital markets. These instruments include agency mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed, asset-backed and municipal securities, as well as structured credit. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Securities 
 We provide value-added solutions that facilitate cross-border trading in equity securities and believe our clients value our ability to manage complex transactions, including foreign exchange, utilizing our local understanding of market convention, liquidity and settlement protocols around the world. Our clients include U.S.-based regional and national broker-dealers and institutions investing or executing client transactions in international markets and foreign institutions seeking access to the U.S. securities markets. We make markets in more than 16,000 equities on the NYSE, NASDAQ, and various OTC markets, including ETFs and over 7,000 ADRs, GDRs and foreign securities making us one of the leading market makers in foreign securities. In addition, we make prices in more than 10,000 foreign equities listed on foreign exchanges. We are also a broker-dealer in Argentina, Brazil and in the U.K., where we are active in providing institutional executions in the local capital markets. 
 We act as an institutional dealer in fixed income securities, including U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agency, agency mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as investment grade, high yield, convertible and emerging market debt to a client base including asset managers, commercial bank trust and investment departments, broker-dealers and insurance companies. 
 We are an independent full-service provider to introducing broker-dealers IBD s of clearing, custody, research, syndicated and security-based lending products and services, including a proprietary technology platform which offers efficient connectivity to ensure a positive client experience through the clearing and settlement process. We believe we are one of the leading mid-market clearers in the securities industry, with approximately 100 correspondent clearing relationships with over 31 billion in assets under management or administration as of September 30, 2024. 
 We operate an asset management business in which we earn fees, commissions and other revenues for management of third party assets and investment gains or losses on our investments in funds and proprietary accounts managed either by our investment managers or by independent investment managers. 
 Listed Derivatives 
 We provide competitive and efficient clearing and execution in all major futures exchanges globally. Through our platforms, client orders are accepted and directed to the appropriate exchange for execution. We then facilitate the clearing of clients transactions. Clearing involves the matching of clients trades with the exchange, the collection and management of client margin deposits to support the transactions, and the accounting and reporting of the transactions to clients. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our U.S. FCM held 5.7 billion in required client segregated assets, which makes us one the largest non-bank FCMs in the U.S., as measured by required client segregated assets. We seek to leverage our capabilities and capacity in clearing to financial institutions, institutional trading firms, professional traders and introducing brokers as well as offering facilities management or outsourcing solutions to other FCMs. 
 Foreign Exchange 
 We provide prime brokerage foreign exchange FX services to financial institutions and professional traders. We provide our clients with the full range of OTC products, including 24-hour a day execution of spot, forwards and options, as well as non-deliverable forwards in both liquid and exotic currencies. 
 Competitive Environment - Institutional Segment 
 The industry in which we provide services within our Institutional segment comprises activities associated with the trading of, and investment in, various financial assets, including equity and debt securities, commodities, foreign currencies, interest rates, and derivatives, both exchange-traded and OTC. This industry also includes various services provided to participants in the financial markets, which allow participants access to liquidity and execution venues, as well as clearing and settlement of transactions. Industry participants include institutional and retail investors, banks, insurance companies, fund managers, hedge funds, investment advisers, proprietary trading firms, commodity trading advisors and commodity pool operators, and foreign institutions and investors seeking access to U.S. markets, as well as various market intermediaries such as market makers, regional and national broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers, FCMs, and investment banks and liquidity venues, such as securities and derivatives exchanges and OTC marketplaces. 
 Trading and investing activity across asset classes is driven by growth in wealth and savings, investors asset allocation and diversification needs, including across geographies, and return objectives, risk management needs and the availability of speculative arbitrage opportunities. Volatility in asset prices generally drives increased trading activity and increased demand for execution and clearing services. 
 Broker-dealers, FCMs, investment banks and other intermediaries create value for institutional clients by facilitating client access to various financial markets, including securities and derivatives exchanges, proprietary sources of liquidity, OTC markets, other institutions and international markets. Market intermediaries can act as market-makers or principal traders that 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 facilitate client trading activity by matching orders internally. Market intermediaries can also act as agents that accept orders, direct them to the appropriate market and facilitate the clearing of client transactions, which involves matching client trades with the exchange, collecting and managing client margin deposits to support the transactions, and accounting and reporting these transactions to clients. 
 Certain market intermediaries, predominantly investment banks, also provide advisory services, securities underwriting, loan syndications, security-based lending products and services, custodial services, investment research products, asset management services and technology platforms for client connectivity. 
 Competitors in the securities and clearing and execution businesses include global banks, institutional broker-dealers, correspondent clearers, independent broker-dealers, clearing FCMs and market-makers. We compete to secure clients based on quality of execution and client service, global access and local market expertise, and the breadth of our product offerings. 
 Regulatory burdens for FCMs and broker-dealers have increased since the financial crisis, which has led to increased complexity and capital requirements that have disproportionately affected smaller firms, driving consolidation. We have benefited from these trends and expect them to continue, and we seek opportunities to participate in further industry consolidation. 
 Self-Directed/Retail 
 We provide our self-directed/retail clients around the world access to over 18,000 global financial markets, including spot foreign exchange and CFDs, which are investment products with returns linked to the performance of underlying assets, and both financial trading and physical investment in precious metals. In addition, our independent wealth management business offers a comprehensive product suite to retail investors in the United States. 
 Forex and CFDs 
 We are a provider of trading services and solutions in the global financial markets, including spot foreign exchange forex and CFDs. We offer CFDs on currencies, commodities, indices, individual equities, cryptocurrencies, bonds, options and interest rate products. 
 We seek to attract and support our clients through direct and indirect channels. Our primary direct channels for our retail forex and CFD business are our mobile platforms and internet websites, FOREX.com and Cityindex.com, which are available in multiple languages, including English, Chinese, Japanese, Spanish and Arabic. Our indirect channels include our relationships with introducing brokers, who solicit clients on our behalf, and white label partners, who offer our trading services to their clients under their own brand. 
 Our proprietary trading technology provides our clients with an enhanced client experience and multiple ways to trade and manage their accounts, tailored to their level of experience and preferred mode of access. In addition, we selectively offer third party trading tools that we believe complement our proprietary offerings. We believe that our proprietary trading technology is a significant competitive advantage because we have the ability to adapt quickly to our clients changing needs. 
 We have longstanding relationships with a large number of institutional liquidity providers, as well as access to multiple liquidity venues. They allow us to offer our clients superior liquidity and more competitive pricing with tighter bid/offer spreads than many of our competitors. In addition, we have developed a proprietary pricing engine that aggregates quotes from our liquidity sources to ensure that our prices accurately reflect current market price levels and allow us to provide our clients with fast, accurate trade execution. 
 We have proprietary technology to handle numerous aspects of account onboarding and client service, including the account opening and client verification process, fast online account funding and withdrawals with a wide variety of automated payment methods, and on-demand delivery of client information, such as account statements and other account-related reporting. We also offer account opening and funding functions on our mobile trading applications in order to provide a superior experience to the large number of clients who trade primarily through their mobile devices. Given the highly regulated and global nature of our business, these processes are customized to each regulatory jurisdiction in which we operate, and are further tailored to client needs and preferences in specific countries in order to make it easier for clients in these countries to open accounts with us and then to fund and trade in those accounts. 
 In connection with our self-directed/retail business, we look to acquire new clients as cost-efficiently as possible, primarily through online marketing efforts such as advertising on third-party websites, search engine marketing and affiliate marketing. Our experienced in-house marketing team creates highly targeted online campaigns tailored to experienced traders, as well as marketing programs and materials designed to support and educate newer traders. We use sophisticated tracking and measurement techniques to monitor the results of individual campaigns and continually work to optimize our overall marketing results. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We also work with introducing brokers in order to expand our client base. We work with a variety of different types of introducing brokers, ranging from small, specialized firms that specifically identify and solicit clients interested in forex and CFD trading, to larger, more established financial services firms. 
 Independent Wealth Management 
 Our independent broker/dealer, StoneX Securities Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, together with its affiliated SEC-registered investment advisor, StoneX Advisors Inc., provides an integrated platform of technology, comprehensive wealth management and investment services to registered representatives, investment advisor representatives and registered investment advisors nationwide. The firm supports more than 375 independent professionals with best-in-class service and products. 
 Self-Directed/Retail Precious Metals 
 Our physical self-directed/retail precious metals business is principally conducted within StoneX Bullion GmbH. Through our website Stonexbullion.com, we offer clients the ability to purchase physical gold and other precious metals, in multiple forms, including coins and bars, in denominations of their choice, to add to their investment portfolios. 
 Competitive Environment - Self-Directed/Retail 
 The market for our self-directed/retail services is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. Our competitors vary by region in terms of regulatory status, breadth of product offering, size and geographic scope of operations. In the self-directed/retail forex and CFD industry, we compete with both regulated firms focused on forex and CFDs, as well as with global multi-asset trading firms. In wealth management, our competitors vary from large integrated banks and on-line brokerage firms to smaller regional registered investment advisory firms, where competition is driven by reduced commission rates, continued development of online trading platforms and applications and client service. 
 Payments 
 We provide customized payment, technology and treasury services to banks and commercial businesses as well as charities, NGOs and government organizations. We provide transparent pricing and offer local currency payments services in more than 180 countries and 140 currencies, which we believe is more than any other payments solutions provider. 
 Our proprietary platforms allow our clients to connect to us digitally and seamlessly with customized solutions for each of our client groups that fit their specific needs. 
 We utilize the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT network as well as direct application programming interfaces APIs to service almost 100 financial institutions globally and connect them to our approximately 350 correspondent banks around the world enabling them to make local currency payments in a cost effective and secure manner. 
 Through our platforms and our commitment to client service, we believe we are able to provide simple and fast execution, ensuring delivery of funds in local currency to any of the countries we service quickly through our global network of correspondent banks. We primarily act as a principal in buying and selling foreign currencies on a spot basis and derive revenue from the difference between the purchase and sale prices. 
 We believe our clients value our ability to provide exchange rates that are significantly more competitive than those offered by large international banks, a competitive advantage that stems from our years of foreign exchange expertise focused on smaller, less liquid currencies. 
 Competitive Environment - Payments 
 Increasing globalization and growth of international trade, as well as the need of corporations, institutions and individuals to move money across borders efficiently, have driven growing activity in the payments industry. As the world becomes increasingly interconnected, corporations require the ability to cost-effectively exchange foreign currencies and to send and receive payments from clients and suppliers. NGOs also demand cross-border payment services as they attempt to bring funding, goods and services to their target geographies and recipients at the lowest possible cost. Even banks require lower cost implementation of foreign exchange transactions, as they are otherwise dependent on correspondent banks, which may subject such transactions to expensive and opaque pricing. 
 Volume growth in the payments market has been steady, driving revenue growth for cross-border payments providers. Increasingly, this volume growth comes from transactions to emerging economies, benefiting those few providers such as us who have a strong competitive position in those emerging economies and an extensive correspondent bank network that would be difficult to replicate. However, as reported in the Boston Consulting Group 2024 Global Payments Report, in recent years these rates of growth have slowed, with market participants shifting focus to unit economics, technological advances and addressing heightened regulatory scrutiny. While growth rates have slowed, the highest rates of growth through 2028 are 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 expected to be in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, which we believe has potential to directly benefit our payments business. 
 The payments market has historically been dominated by large Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD banks that provide G20 to non-G20 foreign exchange rates to clients. Such banks, however, are reliant on their correspondent banking network for foreign exchange rates, which often results in uncompetitive rates and a lack of transparency. These issues are further exacerbated by a lack of uniform regulation in the business-to-business B2B payments sector, with no coordinated regulatory framework, even among significant OECD countries. 
 We believe that the general lack of transparency in bank offerings in the payments market with regard to fees and exchange rates, the banks often more expensive services, as well as the lack of systematic regulation, have opened opportunities for competitors in this market. As a result, the fast-growing space has attracted significant investor interest. Independent providers have entered the market, leveraging technology to lower client acquisition costs and providing an enhanced client experience through online platforms. In the payments market, we believe we are one of those independent providers and disruptors offering significant value to our bank, corporate and NGO/charities clients, providing competitive and transparent payments solutions. 
 
 Subsequent Acquisitions 
 JBR Recovery Limited 
 On October 1, 2024, one of the Company s subsidiaries, StoneX Metals Limited, acquired all the outstanding shares of JBR Recovery Limited JBR ), a recycling and refining business based in the UK. JBR is one of only two UK companies accredited for the supply of Good Delivery silver to the London Bullion Market. This acquisition extends our metals offering into sourcing and refining. The total purchase price is expected to be approximately 10 million. 
 Acquisitions during Fiscal Year 2024 
 Trust Advisory Group, Ltd. 
 On September 20, 2024, our subsidiary StoneX Advisors Inc. acquired all of the outstanding shares of Trust Advisory Group, Ltd. TAG ), a Massachusetts corporation. TAG is a FINRA and SIPC registered investment advisor offering a range of investing models to its customer base of mainly retail investors. The TAG acquisition reinforces the Company s commitment to high-quality financial solutions and enhances its service reach into the Northeast. 
 Acquisitions during Fiscal Year 2023 
 Incomm S.A.S. 
 In February 2023, one of the Company s subsidiaries, StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC acquired all of the outstanding shares of Incomm S.A.S. Incomm ), which is based in Colombia. Incomm specializes in supporting the import of grain and feed products for Colombian clients and is a proven resource in management of customs clearing, inventory management at destination ports and providing non-recourse trade finance for destination buyers via local Colombian banks. 
 Cotton Distributors Inc. 
 In October 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, StoneX (Netherlands) B.V., acquired CDI-Societe Cotonniere De Distribution S.A CDI ), based in Switzerland. CDI operates a global cotton merchant business with a strong network of producers in Brazil and West Africa as well as buyers throughout Asia. 
 
 Regulation 
 Overview 
 Our business and the industries in which we operate are highly regulated. Our operating subsidiaries are regulated in a number of jurisdictions including the U.S., the U.K, Luxembourg, Germany, Cyprus, Argentina, Brazil, Dubai, Nigeria, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Australia, Canada and the Cayman Islands. Government regulators and self-regulatory organizations oversee the conduct of our business in many ways, and a number perform regular examinations to monitor our compliance with applicable statutes, regulations and rules. These statutes, regulations and rules cover all aspects of our business, including: 
 maintaining specified minimum amounts of capital and limiting withdrawals of funds from our regulated operating subsidiaries; 
 the treatment of client assets, including custody, control, safekeeping and, in certain countries, segregation of our client funds and securities; 
 the methods by which clients can fund accounts with us; 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 sales and marketing activities, including our interaction with, and solicitation of, clients; 
 disclosures to clients, including those related to product risks, self-dealing and material conflicts of interest; 
 the collection, use, transfer and protection of client personal information; 
 anti-money laundering practices; 
 recordkeeping and reporting requirements; and 
 continuing education and licensing requirements for our employees, and supervision of the conduct of directors, officers and employees. 
 In some jurisdictions in which we offer our products and services, we are not subject to regulation because there is no established regulatory regime that covers our products and services or due to the manner in which we offer our products and services. We consult with legal counsel in jurisdictions in which we operate on a regular basis, or where we have a material concentration of clients, as to whether we have the required authorizations, licenses or approvals or whether we may conduct our business cross-border with residents in that jurisdiction without obtaining local regulatory authorization, approval or consent. To the extent that we wish to serve clients in a jurisdiction in which we determine licensing or registration is required, we may also elect to direct such clients to a licensed white label or other partner, rather than pursuing licensing or registration ourselves. 
 Though we conduct our business in a manner which we believe complies with applicable local law, regulators may assert authority over activities that they deem to take place within the jurisdiction they regulate, and new laws, rules or regulations may be enacted that change the regulatory landscape and result in new, or clarify preexisting, registration or licensing requirements. 
 The primary responsibility for ensuring that we maintain compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements is vested in our legal and compliance departments. In addition, our legal and compliance departments are responsible for our ongoing training and education programs, supervision of our personnel required to be licensed by one or more of our regulators, review of sales, marketing and other communications and other related functions. Also where appropriate, our sales employees are licensed pursuant to applicable regulation. 
 Failure to comply with our regulatory requirements could result in a variety of sanctions, including, but not limited to, revocation of applicable licenses and registrations, restrictions or limitations on our ability to carry on our business, suspensions of individual employees and significant fines. 
 U.S. Regulation 
 The commodities industry in the U.S. is subject to extensive regulation under federal law. We are required to comply with a wide range of requirements imposed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC and the National Futures Association (the NFA ). Similarly, t he securities industry in the United States is subject to extensive regulation under federal and state securities laws. We must comply with a wide range of requirements imposed by the SEC, state securities commissions, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board MSRB and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). These regulatory bodies safeguard the integrity of the financial markets and protect the interests of investors in these markets. They also impose minimum capital requirements on regulated entities. 
 In connection with our wealth management business, one of our subsidiaries, StoneX Advisors Inc., is registered with, and subject to oversight by, the SEC as an investment adviser. As such, in its relations with its advisory clients, StoneX Advisers Inc. is subject to the fiduciary and other obligations imposed on investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as various state securities laws. These laws and regulations include obligations relating to, among other things, custody and management of client assets, marketing activities, self-dealing and full disclosure of material conflicts of interest, and generally grant the SEC and other supervisory bodies administrative powers to address non-compliance. 
 The CFTC and NFA also regulate our forex, futures and swaps trading activities. Historically, the principal legislation covering our U.S. forex business was the Commodity Exchange Act, which provides for federal regulation of all commodities and futures trading activities. In recent years, as is the case of other companies in the financial services industry, our forex business has been subject to increasing regulatory oversight. The CFTC Reauthorization Act of 2019, which grants the CFTC express authority to regulate the retail forex industry, includes a series of additional rules which regulate various aspects of our business, including additional risk disclosures to retail forex clients, further limitations on sales and marketing materials and additional rules and interpretive notices regarding NFA mandated Information Systems Security Programs, including training and notification requirements for cybersecurity incidents. 
 In connection with our foreign-currency exchange risk management and payment solutions services business, one of our subsidiaries, StoneX Payment Services LTD., is registered as a money services business with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN and has 41 state money transmitter licenses and 8 license exemptions in the United States. Additionally, StoneX Payment Services LTD. is registered with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada FINTRAC and holds a money transmitter license in Canada. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Net Capital Requirements 
 Many of our subsidiaries are regulated and subject to minimum and/or net capital requirements. All of our subsidiaries are in compliance with their capital regulatory requirements as of September 30, 2024. Additional information on our subsidiaries subject to significant net capital and minimum net capital requirements can be found in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Segregated Client Assets 
 We maintain client segregated deposits from our clients relating to their trading of futures and options on futures on U.S. commodities exchanges, making us subject to CFTC regulation 1.20, which specifies that such funds must be held in segregation and not commingled with the firm s own assets. We maintain acknowledgment letters from each depository at which we maintain client segregated deposits in which the depository acknowledges the nature of funds on deposit in the account. In addition, CFTC regulations require filing of a daily segregation calculation which compares the assets held in clients segregated depositories segregated assets to the firm s total segregated assets held on deposit from clients segregated liabilities ). The amount of client segregated assets must be in excess of the segregated liabilities owed to clients and any shortfall in such assets must be immediately communicated to the CFTC. 
 In addition, we are subject to CFTC regulation 1.25, which governs the acceptable investment of client segregated assets. This regulation allows for the investment of client segregated assets in readily marketable instruments including U.S. Treasury securities, municipal securities, government sponsored enterprise securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper and corporate notes or bonds which are guaranteed by the U.S. under the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program, interest in money market mutual funds, and repurchase transactions with unaffiliated entities in otherwise allowable securities. We predominately invest our client segregated assets in U.S. Treasury securities and interest-bearing bank deposits. 
 In addition, in our capacity as a securities clearing broker-dealer, we clear transactions for clients and certain proprietary accounts of broker-dealers PABs ). In accordance with Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 15c3-3 ), we maintain special reserve bank accounts SRBAs for the exclusive benefit of securities clients and PABs. 
 Secured Client Assets 
 We maintain client secured deposits from our clients relating to their trading of futures and options on futures traded on, or subject to the rules of, a foreign board of trade, making us subject to CFTC Regulation 30.7, which requires that such funds must be carried in separate accounts in an amount sufficient to satisfy all of our current obligations to clients trading foreign futures and foreign options on foreign commodity exchanges or boards of trade, which are designated as secured clients accounts. 
 Self-Directed/Retail Forex Client Assets 
 As a retail foreign exchange dealer RFED registered with the CFTC and member of NFA, we maintain deposits from clients relating to their trading of OTC foreign exchange contracts whereby we act as counterparty to client trading activity making us subject to CFTC regulation 5.8, which specifies that such funds must be held in designated accounts at qualifying institutions in the United States or money center countries as defined by CFTC regulation 1.49. In addition, CFTC regulations require filing of a daily retail forex obligation calculation which compares the assets held for clients with qualifying institutions retail forex assets to the firm s total obligation to retail forex clients, also known as net liquidating value retail forex liabilities ). The amount of retail forex assets must be in excess of the retail forex liabilities owed to clients and any shortfall in such assets must be immediately communicated to the CFTC. 
 Dodd-Frank 
 Like other companies in the financial services industry, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for a number of significant provisions affecting our business. Notably, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the registration of swap dealers with the CFTC and provides framework for: 
 swap data reporting and record keeping on counterparties and data repositories; 
 centralized clearing for swaps, with limited exceptions for end-users; 
 the requirement to execute swaps on regulated swap execution facilities; 
 the imposition on swap dealers to exchange margin on uncleared swaps with counterparties; and 
 the requirement to comply with capital rules. 
 We are a CFTC registered swap dealer, whose business is overseen by the NFA. The CFTC imposes rules over net capital requirements, as well as the exchange of initial margin between registered swap dealers and certain counterparties. 
 With respect to our retail OTC business, the Dodd-Frank Act includes: 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 rules that require us to ensure that our clients residing in the United States have accounts open only with our U.S. registered NFA-member operating entity; and 
 rules that essentially require all retail transactions in any commodity product other than a retail foreign currency transaction that is traded on a leveraged basis to be executed on an exchange, rather than OTC. 
 OFAC 
 The U.S. maintains various economic sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). The OFAC administered sanctions take many forms, but generally prohibit or restrict trade and investment in and with sanctions targets, and in some cases require blocking of the target s assets. Violations of any of the OFAC-administered sanctions are punishable by civil fines, criminal fines, and imprisonment. We believe that we have implemented, and that we maintain, appropriate internal practices, procedures and controls to enable us to comply with applicable OFAC requirements. 
 U.S. Patriot Act 
 We are subject to a variety of statutory and regulatory requirements concerning our relationships with clients and the review and monitoring of their transactions. Specifically, we are subject to the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act ), which requires that we maintain a comprehensive anti-money laundering AML program, a customer identification program CIP ), designate an AML compliance officer, provide specified employee training and conduct an annual independent audit of our AML program. The USA PATRIOT Act seeks to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators and law enforcement entities in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering. Anti-money laundering laws outside of the U.S. contain similar provisions. We believe that we have implemented, and that we maintain, appropriate internal practices, procedures and controls to enable us to comply with the provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act and other anti-money laundering laws. 
 FINCEN CDD Final Rule 
 Additionally, our US legal entities qualifying as covered financial institutions are subject to the Customer Due Diligence Rule the CDD Rule ), which clarifies and strengthens customer due diligence requirements. This applies to our U.S. broker dealer(s) in securities, FCMs, and introducing brokers in commodities. The CDD Rule requires these covered financial institutions to identify and verify the identity of the natural persons (known as beneficial owners) of legal entity customers who own, control, and profit from companies when those companies open accounts. 
 The CDD Rule has four core requirements. It requires covered financial institutions to establish and maintain written policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to: 
 identify and verify the identity of customer; 
 identify and verify the identity of the beneficial owners of companies opening accounts; 
 understand the nature and purpose of customer relationships to develop customer risk profiles; and 
 conduct ongoing monitoring to identify and report suspicious transactions and, on a risk basis, to maintain and update customer information. 
 With respect to the requirement to obtain beneficial ownership information, financial institutions will have to identify and verify the identity of any individual who owns 25 percent or more of a legal entity, and an individual who controls the legal entity. A Beneficial Ownership Form or an acceptable equivalent is also required. These requirements are applied to customers which meet the CDD Rule Criteria. 
 European and United Kingdom Regulation 
 The Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulator of investment firms in the U.K., regulates our U.K. subsidiary as a Markets in Financial Instruments Directive MiFID investment firm under U.K. law. In Europe, our regulated subsidiaries are subject to E.U. regulation. Across the U.K. and E.U., the respective transpositions of the Market Abuse Regulation, and the General Data Protection Regulation, also apply. 
 Applicable regulations also impose regulatory capital, as well as conduct of business, governance, and other requirements on these entities. The client assets CASS rules in the FCA regulations include those that govern the handling of client money and other assets which, under certain circumstances must be segregated from the firm s own assets. 
 CFD s referencing cryptocurrencies 
 The FCA has adopted rules to ban the sale of CFDs referencing cryptocurrencies to retail consumers, which became effective in January 2021. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Client Money Rules 
 We are subject to the FCA s Client Money rules, under which we are required to: 
 maintain adequate segregation of client funds; 
 maintain adequate records in order to identify appropriate client details; 
 have adequate organizational arrangements in place to minimize the risk that client money may be paid for by the account of a client whose money has not yet been received by us; 
 undertake daily internal and external client money reconciliations within an appropriate risk and control framework; and 
 appoint an individual who is responsible for CASS oversight. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions 
 As in the U.S., our U.K. and European entities are subject to statutory and regulatory requirements concerning relationships with customers and the review and monitoring of their transactions. Regulated firms in both the U.K. and in the European Union E.U. must have robust governance, effective risk procedures and adequate internal control mechanisms to manage the exposure to financial crime risk. The measures require the U.K. and E.U. entities to verify customer identity and understand the nature and purpose of the proposed relationship on the basis of documents, data or information obtained from a reliable and independent source; and review and monitor their customer s transactions and activities to identify anything suspicious. 
 Our U.K. and E.U. entities take a risk-based approach and senior management are responsible for addressing these risks. There is a requirement to regularly identify and assess the exposure to financial crime risk and report to the governing body on the same. This enables the targeting of financial crime resources on the areas of greatest risk. Procedures in the U.K. and E.U. are based on guidance and requirements issued both at a national and supranational level. 
 The FCA and the financial supervisory authorities in the E.U. require our entities to have systems and controls in place to enable them to identify, assess, monitor and manage financial crime risk. Accordingly, we have implemented appropriate systems and controls which are proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of our activities. We provide relevant training to our employees in relation to financial crime. As required, our Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA Money Laundering Reporting Officer as well as the Money Laundering Reporting Officer appointed in respect of each of the entities in the E.U. provide regular reports on the operation and effectiveness of these systems and controls, including details of our regular assessments of the adequacy of these systems and controls to ensure their compliance with the local regulatory requirements. 
 Our financial crime systems and controls also include routine screening to identify where customers and others with whom we transact may be subject to financial sanctions, including measures initiated or adopted by inter alia the U.K. Treasury, E.U. or OFAC (as required in the U.S.). 
 EMIR 
 The E.U. European Market Infrastructure Regulation (Regulation (EU) 648/2012) EMIR imposes requirements on entities that enter into any form of derivative contract and applies directly to firms in the E.U. that trade derivatives and indirectly to non-E.U. firms that trade derivatives with E.U. firms. Accordingly, under these rules, we are required to: 
 report all derivative contracts and their lifecycle events (concluded, modified and terminated) to which we are a party to a trade repository either by ourselves or through a third party; 
 keep all records relating to concluding of derivative contracts and any subsequent modification for 5 years; 
 comply with the risk management requirements for OTC bilateral derivatives, including portfolio reconciliation, portfolio compression, record keeping, dispute resolution and margining; and 
 clear through central counterparties all OTC derivatives which will be subject to the mandatory clearing obligation. 
 MiFID 
 Where firms offer execution only services for certain financial instruments which are deemed complex , E.U. Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (Directive 2014/65/EU) MiFID II requires firms to assess the appropriateness of those investments for retail clients. For this assessment, we are required to collect information about our existing and potential clients knowledge and experience with regard to specific products and services, including: 
 the types of services, transactions and financial instruments with which the retail client is familiar; 
 the nature, volume, and frequency of the retail client s transactions in financial instruments and the period over which they have been carried out; and 
 the level of education, and profession or relevant former profession of the retail client or potential retail client. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We are required to offer to a retail client or transact for them only those products that are deemed appropriate for their knowledge, experience and other circumstances. If the retail client demands a product that has been assessed as inappropriate for the retail client s circumstances by us, we may either refuse to offer the product to the client or allow them access to the product but we are required to give the retail client a warning that the product may be inappropriate to its circumstances. We are not required to undertake this analysis for professional clients as we are entitled to assume that a professional client has the necessary knowledge and experience in order to understand the risks involved in relation to the particular products or services for which they have been classified as a professional client. 
 In addition to the requirements described above, MiFID II requires that: 
 firms carry out an appropriateness assessment before providing an execution only service to retail clients; 
 transparency is given to derivatives traded on regulated markets, multi-lateral trading facilities MTFs ), and organized trading facilities OTFs 
 transactions are reported for those financial instruments traded on MTFs, OTFs, and those financial instruments where the underlying instrument is traded on a Trading Venue; and 
 E.U. Member State regulators ban or restrict the marketing, distribution or sale of a financial instrument or types of financial practice where there is a threat to investor protection, the orderly functioning and integrity of markets or to financial stability. The European Banking Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority have similar powers to impose a ban on an E.U.-wide basis or in relation to a particular E.U. Member State. 
 Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products 
 Our U.K. entities are required to comply with the PRIIPs Regulation in relation to packaged retail and insurance-based investment products PRIIPs that they manufacture, advise on or sell to retail clients. The FCA regards derivatives (including options, futures, and contracts for difference) as falling within the definition of a PRIIP. The regime requires us to provide retail clients with a standardized key information document KID in good time before any transaction in derivatives is concluded or for transactions concluded by distance communications, after the transaction has taken place, but only if it is not possible to provide the KID in advance and the client consents. 
 Payments Services Regulations 2017 
 The Payments Services Regulations 2017 PSRs implemented the second Payments Services Directive PSD II in the U.K, which contained the requirement for payment services firms to introduce strong customer authentication SCA on the payment platforms. 
 StoneX Financial Ltd put in place a comprehensive Brexit contingency plan to mitigate the risks associated with Brexit. This included the transfer of assets, services and clients to StoneX Financial Ltd s subsidiary (StoneX Financial GmbH) and sister company (StoneX Financial Europe S.A.). 
 Similarly, the group has executed a plan to mitigate the risks associated with Brexit for retail clients including the establishment of a licensed entity in Cyprus, StoneX Europe Ltd. 
 U.K. Investment Firm Prudential Regime 
 StoneX Financial Ltd is subject to the rules under the U.K. Investment Firm Prudential Regime IFPR established for investment firms. 
 E.U. Conflict Minerals Regulation 
 We are subject to the E.U. Conflict Minerals Regulation CMR ), and in the U.K, the FCA has recognized the Global Precious Metals Code in the U.K. The CMR requires importers to conduct due diligence on their gold, tantalum, tin, and tungsten supply chains to identify minerals that may have originated from conflict zones. The new requirements are largely based on existing guidance issued by the Organisation for Cooperation and Development OECD which StoneX Financial Ltd already applies, as part of its policies and procedures. StoneX Financial Ltd is a full member of the London Bullion Market Association which sets out and oversees adherence to the principles to promote the integrity and effective functioning of the global precious metals market. 
 Irish Virtual Asset Service Provider VASP Regime and Forthcoming Markets in Crypto Assets Regulation 
 The European Union s Fifth Anti-Money Laundering Directive 5AMLD extended Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism AML/CFT obligations to entities that provide certain services relating to virtual assets. This was transposed into Irish law by way of amendments to the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Acts 2010 to 2021. This legislation requires all entities providing certain services in relation to virtual assets to undertake the process of registration as a VASP with the Central Bank of Ireland CBI ). 
 The E.U. Markets in Crypto Assets Regulation MiCA comes into force for Crypto-Asset Service Providers CASPs from the end of December 2024. Entities registered by the CBI and operating as VASPs by this date can take advantage of a 12- 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 month transition period within which they can continue operating while applying for authorization as a CASP. StoneX Digital International Limited, the Group s Ireland-based digital assets entity, is in the closing stages of registration as a VASP with the CBI with a view to applying for authorization as a CASP in Ireland under MiCA. This VASP application comprised a comprehensive CBI review of the Firm s financial crime systems and controls. 
 Other International Regulation 
 Our operating subsidiaries in jurisdictions outside of the U.S., U.K., and E.U. are registered with, or obtained a license from, local regulatory bodies that seek to protect clients by imposing requirements relating to capital adequacy and other matters. 
 Several of our foreign subsidiaries are subject to certain business rules, including those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which under certain circumstances for certain classes of client must be segregated from the firm s own assets. 
 Asia Pacific 
 In the Asia Pacific region, our subsidiaries operate under licenses and/or authority from various regulators. In Singapore, StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is a Capital Markets Service Licensee (for dealing in capital market products), an Exempt Financial Adviser (for advising on investment products and issuing or promulgating analyses/ reports on investment products) and a Major Payments Institution (for cross-border money transfer service). In addition, in Singapore, StoneX APAC Pte. Ltd. is regulated as a Dealer under the Precious Stones and Precious Metals (Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing) Act 2019 for purposes of anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism, and is authorized to act as a Spot Commodity Broker under the Commodity Trading Act 1992. 
 In Hong Kong, StoneX Financial (HK) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission for Dealing in Securities and Dealing in Futures Contracts. In Australia, StoneX Financial Pty Ltd is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and holds an Australian Financial Service License to provide general financial product advice to retail and wholesale clients in derivatives and foreign exchange contracts, to provide general financial product advice to wholesale clients in securities, to deal and make a market for retail and wholesale clients in derivatives and foreign exchange contracts, and to deal and make a market for wholesale clients in securities. In Japan, StoneX Securities Co. Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency as a Type-I Financial Instruments Business and Securities-Related Business (Kanto Local Finance Bureau (FIBO) No.291). 
 The Monetary Authority of Singapore, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, Australian Securities and Investments Commission, and Japan Financial Services Agency are members of the International Organization of Securities Commissions which promotes adherence to internationally recognized standards for securities regulation encompassing the key objectives of protecting investors, ensuring that markets are fair, efficient, and transparent, and reducing systematic risk. 
 Privacy and Data Protection 
 Our business is subject to rules and regulations adopted by state, federal and foreign governments, and regulatory organizations governing data privacy, including for example the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and the European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). Additional states, as well as foreign jurisdictions, have enacted or are proposing similar data protection regimes, resulting in a rapidly evolving landscape governing how we collect, use, transfer and protect personal data. 
 
 Exchange Memberships 
 Through our various operating subsidiaries, we are member of a number of exchanges, including the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the Chicago Board of Trade, the New York Mercantile Exchange, COMEX, InterContinental Exchange, Inc., the Minneapolis Grain Exchange, the London Metal Exchange, ICE Europe Ltd, Eurex Exchange, Dubai Mercantile Exchange, Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Paris, European Energy Exchange, B3 S.A., Bitnomial Exchange LLC, Norexco ASA, the Rosario Futures Exchange, ICE Futures Abu Dhabi, India International Bullion Exchange, Australian Securities Exchange, the Montreal Exchange, Small Exchange, Inc., Nodal Exchange and the Singapore Exchange. These exchanges impose their own requirements on a variety of matters, in some cases addressing capital adequacy, protection of client assets, record-keeping and reporting. 
 Failure to comply with our exchange membership requirements could result in a variety of consequences, including, but not limited to fines and revocation of memberships, which would limit on our ability to carry on our business with these exchanges. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 We believe that our long-term success depends in large part on the quality and dedication of our people, as well as on empowering our employees to serve and engage our clients worldwide. At the direction of our Executive Committee and in furtherance of our business strategies as a whole, our global human resources leaders are responsible for developing and implementing our overall talent strategy. This includes the attraction, acquisition, development and engagement of talent to 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 deliver on our strategy and the design of employee compensation, incentive, wellbeing and benefits programs. We focus on the following factors in order to implement and develop our talent strategy: 
 Employee Compensation and Incentives 
 Evaluation of Employee Performance, Training and Talent Development 
 Employee Health, Safety and Wellness 
 Diversity 
 Employee Compensation and Incentives 
 Ensuring that our employees are well-compensated and have the appropriate incentives in place to meet and exceed their potential is a central part of our talent strategy. Our entrepreneurial culture aligns pay with performance through various programs, including incentive-based compensation and performance-driven rewards. We grant options and restricted stock to our employees and also encourage our employees to acquire an ownership stake in our business by sponsoring restricted stock plans for directors, officers and employees. Furthermore, our Nominating Governance Committee requires that directors and executive officers hold vested Company stock, promoting a strong sense of ownership and alignment with shareholder interests. 
 Evaluation of Employee Performance, Training and Talent Development 
 We commit to our employees by encouraging their growth and professional development through performance management, training and talent development, including: 
 Performance evaluations . Employee performance is evaluated annually through written self-assessments which are reviewed in discussions with supervisors and managers. Employee performance is assessed based on a variety of key performance indicators, including achievement of objectives specific to the employee s department or role, an assessment of company core competencies, feedback from peers and subordinate employees and managers in other departments and an assessment conducted by the employee s direct manager. 
 Business Unit Trainin g. Business units provide hands-on training to their employees to equip them for success in their roles and provide increased opportunities to develop their careers. 
 Manager Training . Management training is provided to certain senior leaders and mid-level managers. This training covers, among other topics, talent review, development of underperforming employees, handling employee misconduct and coaching and success workshops. 
 Know-Your-Business Programs . We make available to employees a monthly Know-Your-Business program led by senior managers, including our CEO, to provide our employees with the opportunity to learn about our diverse product and service offerings, as well as familiarize themselves with the various operational and administrative support areas. 
 Virtual Networking and Mentoring Programs . We have established networking and mentoring programs to provide an additional means for employees to connect with each other, learn about different parts of our business and to help each other further develop their careers. 
 Employee Health, Safety and Wellness 
 We believe that doing our part to maintain the health and welfare of our employees is a critical element for achieving commercial success. As such, we have established a comprehensive wellness program to support the whole person. 
 We offer a holistic and supportive workplace environment, as well as programming to empower and inspire employees to thrive financially, personally, and professionally. We re passionate about creating and maintaining an environment where the ripple effects of wellness extend throughout the company. 
 To empower employees to lead healthier, more balanced lives, and to foster a supportive and inclusive work environment, we offer: 
 A discount on employee medical premiums for the completion of wellness initiatives. 
 Employee assistance programs that include confidential financial, mental, and physical assistance. 
 Financial education webinars on saving for retirement and other life milestones. 
 A program where employees give back to their communities and/or charities through a Collective Giving program with a company match for charitable contributions and volunteer hours. 
 A global personal day off for participating in community service or related personal causes that prioritize employee wellbeing. 
 Newly enhanced family-friendly benefits, which include eight (8) weeks of paid leave for our parental bonding, adoption, and birth-related leaves, as well as fertility benefits 
 Employee Resource Groups ERGs where employees interact over areas of common interest across all segments and geographies. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that the effects of our daily choices ripple through our communities, workplaces, and homes. By embracing a whole person with well-being in mind, we can make life more sustainable for all, now and in the future. 
 We promote a culture of hard work and achievement that also values an appropriate work-life balance for our employees. We conduct employee surveys from time-to-time to collect feedback on our employees experience so that we understand and build upon the positive aspects of work life StoneX while improving our processes and policies. 
 Diversity 
 We recognize the importance of diversity as it provides us with broader knowledge and skills to enhance our performance and improve the service we can provide to our clients. It also helps us to expand our understanding of the markets in which we operate. In addition to seeking out and including diverse perspectives and talent in our ranks, we also want to ensure that employees from diverse backgrounds feel empowered to share their experiences with employees with similar diverse backgrounds, as well as with other employees with different backgrounds. Our ERG group policy provides a framework for doing so that gives voice and agency to those of us with diverse backgrounds and experiences in ways that enlarge the perspective of all our employees and bring us closer together as a company. 
 In keeping with these values, the employee-led, voluntary and self-directed ERGs seeks to (i) share knowledge and raise awareness for charitable opportunities; (ii) maximize giving potential through the power of compounding kindness; (iii) bring new ideas to management that pertain to philanthropic opportunities; and (iv) share best practices and learnings consistent with StoneX s values. The affinity group has already grown to more than 100 members and plans to host a variety of events in the future. These include workshops, silent auctions, and activities to give back to local communities. 
 Our four ERGs Women of StoneX, Philanthropy at StoneX, Ability at StoneX, and LGBTQIA+ at StoneX are voluntary, employee-led groups that aim to promote awareness, inclusion, and connection across the organization, while also championing initiatives that support professional development, community involvement, and inclusive practices. 
 Women of StoneX, established in 2020, empowers employees to engage deeply in promoting diversity and inclusion, offering members opportunities for career development and mentorship. With over 400 members, this group remains central to our employee engagement strategy, providing resources and support to advance women in all levels of their careers. 
 Philanthropy at StoneX, established in 2022, unites employees in the spirit of philanthropy, amplifying charitable contributions through the collective power of our community. 
 Ability at StoneX, established in 2024, champions the unique strengths and perspectives of neurodiverse individuals, raising awareness and providing support for StoneX employees. This ERG offers resources and workshops that focus on inclusive practices and promotes understanding, fostering a workplace where all cognitive differences are valued and respected. 
 LGBTQIA+ at StoneX, established in 2024, fosters an inclusive and supportive environment for LGBTQIA+ employees and allies, promoting education, advocacy, and acceptance across the organization. 
 Our ERGs continue to enrich StoneX s culture by organizing events, educational programs, and community initiatives, providing employees with spaces to connect and grow, while aligning with our mission to create an inclusive, empowered workplace. 
 
 Foreign Operations 
 We operate in a number of foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, Ireland, the U.K., Cyprus, Luxembourg, Germany, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Uruguay, Paraguay, Mexico, Nigeria, Dubai, China, India, Hong Kong, Australia, Singapore, Switzerland, Japan, Cayman Islands, Bermuda and Poland. We established wholly owned subsidiaries in the Netherlands, Cayman Islands and Bermuda but do not have offices or employees in those countries. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of trademark, copyright, trade secret and unfair competition laws in the United States and other jurisdictions to protect our proprietary technology, intellectual property rights and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants, and confidentiality agreements with other third parties. We rigorously control access to our proprietary technology. Currently, we do not have any pending or issued patents. 
 We use a variety of service marks that have been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), including: StoneX, StoneX One, StoneHedge, IRMP, FC Stone, CommodityNetwork, CoffeeNetwork, GAIN Capital, FOREX.com, It s Your World. Trade It., GAIN Capital Futures, and GAIN Futures. We have applications pending with the USPTO for StoneX Bullion and Global Payments Connect. We also have registered trademarks covering our City Index brand name and logo in a variety of jurisdictions, including Australia, the U.K., the E.U., Singapore and China. We also have pursued trademark 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 protection through the Madrid Protocol covering our StoneX brand name in a variety of jurisdictions. To date, we have received grants of registration in Australia, Brazil, Benelux, Columbia, the U.K., Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Singapore and are awaiting examination resolutions in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Business Risks 
 We seek to mitigate the market and credit risks arising from our financial trading activities through an active risk management program. The principal objective of this program is to limit trading risk to an acceptable level while maximizing the return generated on the risk assumed. 
 We have a defined risk policy administered by our risk management committee, which reports to the Risk Committee of our Board of Directors. We established specific exposure limits for inventory positions in every business, as well as specific issuer limits and counterparty limits. We designed these limits to ensure that in a situation of unexpectedly large or rapid movements or disruptions in one or more markets, systemic financial distress, and the failure of a counterparty or the default of an issuer, the potential estimated loss will remain within acceptable levels. The Risk Committee of our Board of Directors reviews the performance of the risk management committee on a quarterly basis to monitor compliance with the established risk policy. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We face a variety of risks that could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, set forth below. 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 Our ability to achieve consistent profitability is subject to uncertainty due to the nature of our businesses and the markets in which we operate. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly because of the following factors: 
 market conditions, such as price levels and volatility in the commodities, securities and foreign exchange markets in which we operate; 
 changes in the volume of our market-making and trading activities; 
 changes in the value of our financial instruments, currency and commodities positions and our ability to manage related risks; and 
 the level and volatility of interest rates. 
 There have been significant declines in trading volumes in the financial markets generally in the past and there may be similar declines in trading volumes generally or across our platforms in particular in the future. Any one or more of the above factors may contribute to reduced trading volumes. Our revenues and profitability are likely to decline significantly during periods of stagnant economic conditions or decreased trading volume in the U.S. and global financial markets. 
 Although we continue our efforts to diversify the sources of our revenues, it is likely that our revenues and operating results will continue to fluctuate substantially in the future and such fluctuations could result in losses. These losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our net operating revenues may decrease due to changes in client trading volumes which are dependent in large part on commodity prices and commodity price volatility. Our clients trading volumes are largely driven by the degree of volatility the magnitude and frequency of fluctuations in prices of commodities. Higher volatility increases the need to hedge contractual price risk and creates opportunities for arbitrage trading. Energy and agricultural commodities markets periodically experience significant price volatility. In addition to price volatility, increases in commodity prices generally lead to increased trading volume. As prices of commodities rise, especially energy prices, new participants enter the markets to address their growing risk-management needs or to take advantage of greater trading opportunities. Sustained periods of stability in the prices of commodities or generally lower prices could result in lower trading volumes and, potentially, lower revenues. In addition, lower volatility and lower volumes could lead to lower client balances held on deposit, which in turn may reduce the amount of interest revenue and account fees we collect based on these deposits. 
 Factors that are particularly likely to affect price volatility and price levels of commodities include supply and demand of commodities, weather conditions affecting certain commodities, national and international economic and geopolitical conditions, including the war in Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas war and rising tensions in the Middle East, the perceived stability of commodities and financial markets, the level and volatility of interest rates and inflation and the financial strength of market participants. 
 Low short-term interest rates negatively impact our profitability. We earn interest and fee income on client balances left on deposit with us. We have generated significant interest-related revenue in both the current and prior periods and a decline in short-term interest rates or a decline in the amount of client funds on deposit may have a material adverse effect on our profitability in the future. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term interest rates are highly sensitive to factors that are beyond our control and we can provide no assurance as to whether short-term interest rates will decline in the future. 
 Our financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and financial market conditions as well as catastrophic events and crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, wars and geopolitical tensions. 
 Economic and financial market conditions, including conditions impacted by public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and geopolitical events such as terrorism, the Israel-Hamas war and escalating tensions in the Middle East, the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions imposed by the U.S. Department of Treasury and other governing bodies in countries in which we conduct business, have created significant market volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. While increased volatility is typically a driver of increased client activity and growth in our operating revenues, longer periods of extreme volatility and dislocation in global securities, foreign exchange and commodity markets may affect our ability to establish effective offsetting positions in our principal trading and market-making activities which may expose us to trading losses. In addition, in the event that a global recession or slowdown occurs, this could lead to extended periods of low short-term interest rates and decreased volatility which could adversely affect our profitability. We also may be exposed to increased counterparty default, liquidity and credit risks with respect to our client accounts, which means if our clients experience losses in excess of the funds they have deposited with us, we may not be able to recover the negative client equity from our clients. In these circumstances, we may nonetheless be required to fund positions with counterparties using our own funds, which in turn would reduce our liquidity buffers. If any of these risks materialize, our operating results or ability to conduct our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic led to increased operational and cybersecurity risks and the pandemic, or other public health emergencies, may again do so in the future. These risks have included, among others, increased demand on our information technology resources and systems and the increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks. In the event of a significant COVID-19 resurgence or other public health emergency, any failure to effectively manage these increased operational and cybersecurity demands and risks may materially adversely affect our results of operations and the ability to conduct our business. For a further discussion of cybersecurity risks, see Technology and Cybersecurity Risks below. 
 To the extent that our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations are adversely affected by catastrophic events and crises, including public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic and conflicts such as the wars in Ukraine and Israel, these events may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein and in any future filings we make with the SEC. 
 Business Risks 
 We face risks associated with our market-making and trading activities. A significant portion of our operating revenues are generated through our market making and trading activities. The success of our market-making and trading activities principally depends on: 
 the price volatility of specific financial instruments, currencies and commodities; 
 our ability to attract order flow and our competitiveness; 
 the skill of our personnel, including the efficiency of our order execution, quality of our client service and the sophistication of our trading technology; 
 the availability of sufficient capital, in order to provide enhanced liquidity to our clients; and 
 general market conditions. 
 We conduct our market-making and trading activities predominantly as a principal and therefore hold positions that bear the risk of significant price fluctuations, rapid changes in the liquidity of markets, deterioration in the creditworthiness of our counterparties and other risks that may cause the value of our positions to decline, which would lead to lower operating revenues. 
 In addition, as a market maker, while we seek to hedge our exposure to market risk relating to the positions we hold, at any given moment, our unhedged exposure subjects us to market risk, including the risk of significant losses. Principal gains and losses resulting from our positions could have a disproportionate effect, positive or negative, on our financial condition and results of operations for any particular reporting period. These risks are increased when we have concentrated positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers in specific countries and markets, which is the case from time-to-time. 
 Declines in the volume of securities, commodities and derivative transactions and in market liquidity generally may result in lower revenues from market-making and trading activities. Changes in price levels of securities and commodities and other assets, and in interest and foreign exchange rates also may result in reduced trading activity and reduce our revenues from market-making transactions. Changes in price levels also may result in losses in the fair value of securities, commodities and other assets held in inventory. Sudden sharp changes in the fair value of securities, commodities and other assets can result in a number of adverse consequences for our business, including illiquid markets, fair value losses arising from positions held by us, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and the failure of buyers and sellers of securities, commodities and other assets to fulfill their settlement obligations. Any change in market volume, price or liquidity or any other of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We operate as a principal in the OTC derivatives markets which involves significant risks associated with commodity derivative instruments in which we transact. We offer OTC derivatives to our clients in which we act as a principal counterparty. We endeavor to simultaneously offset the underlying risk of the instruments, such as commodity price risk, by establishing corresponding offsetting positions with commodity counterparties, or alternatively we may offset those transactions with similar but not identical positions on an exchange. To the extent that we are unable to simultaneously offset an open OTC derivative position or the offsetting transaction is not effective to fully eliminate the derivative risk, we have market risk exposure on these unmatched transactions. Our exposure varies based on the size of our overall positions, the terms and liquidity of the instruments we offer to our clients and the amount of time the positions remain open. 
 While we mitigate market risk on OTC derivative positions with strict risk limits, limited holding periods and active risk management, adverse movements in the referenced assets or rates underlying these positions or a downturn or disruption in the markets for these positions could result in a substantial loss. In addition, any principal gains and losses resulting from these positions could have a disproportionate effect, positive or negative, on our financial condition and results of operations for any particular reporting period. 
 Transactions involving OTC derivative contracts may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the level, volatility, correlation or relationship between market prices, rates, indices and/or other factors. These types of instruments may also suffer from illiquidity in the market or in a related market. 
 OTC derivative transactions are subject to unique risks. OTC derivative transactions are subject to the risk that, as a result of mismatches or delays in the timing of cash flows due from or to counterparties in OTC derivative transactions or related hedging, trading, collateral or other transactions, we or our counterparty may not have adequate cash available to fund our or its current obligations. 
 We could incur material losses pursuant to OTC derivative transactions because of inadequacies in or failures of our internal systems and controls for monitoring and quantifying the risk and contractual obligations associated with OTC derivative transactions and related transactions or for detecting human error, systems failure or management failure. 
 OTC derivative transactions may generally be modified or terminated only by mutual consent of the parties to any such transaction (other than in certain limited default and other specified situations (e.g., market disruption events)) and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Accordingly, it may not be possible to modify, terminate or offset obligations or exposure to the risk associated with a transaction prior to its scheduled termination date. 
 In addition, we note that as a result of rules adopted by U.S. and foreign regulators concerning certain financial contracts, including OTC derivatives, entered into with our counterparties that have been designated as global systemically important banking organizations, we may be restricted in our ability to terminate such contracts following the occurrence of certain insolvency-related default events. Transactions with these counterparties, therefore, carry heightened risk in the event that the counterparty defaults on its obligations to us. 
 We are subject to margin funding requirements on short notice. Our business involves establishment and carrying of substantial open positions for clients on futures exchanges and in the OTC derivatives markets. We are required to post and maintain margin or credit support for these positions. Although we collect margin or other deposits from our clients for these positions, significant adverse price movements can occur which will require us to post margin or other deposits on short notice, whether or not we are able to collect additional margin or credit support from our clients. We maintain borrowing facilities for the purpose of funding margin and credit support and have in place procedures for collecting margin and other deposits from clients on a same-day basis; however, there can be no assurance that these facilities and procedures will provide us with sufficient funds to satisfy funds to satisfy any additional margin or credit support we may be required to post in the event of severe adverse price movements affecting the open positions of our clients. Generally, if a client is unable to meet its margin call, we promptly liquidate the client s account. However, there can be no assurance that in each case the liquidation of the account will not result in a loss to us or that liquidation will be feasible, given market conditions, size of the account and tenor of the positions. 
 We are exposed to counterparty credit risk whereby the failure by persons with whom we do business to meet their financial obligations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk that our counterparties fail to meet their obligations to us or to other parties, resulting in significant financial loss to us. These risks include: 
 failure by our clients and counterparties to fulfill contractual obligations and honor commitments to us; 
 failure by clients to deposit additional collateral for their margin loans during periods of significant price declines; 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 failure by our clients to meet their margin obligations; 
 failure by our hedge counterparties to meet their obligations to us; 
 failure by our clearing brokers and banks to adequately discharge their obligations on a timely basis or remain solvent; and 
 default by clearing members in the clearing houses in the U.S. and abroad of which we are members which could cause us to absorb shortfalls pro rata with other clearing members. 
 These and similar events could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have policies, procedures and automated controls in place to identify and manage our credit risk, there can be no assurance that they will effectively mitigate our credit risk exposure. If our policies, procedures and automated controls fail, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to risk of default by financial institutions that hold our funds and our clients funds. We have significant deposits of our own funds and our clients' funds with banks and other financial institutions, including liquidity providers. Although we did not have any material deposits with any of the banks affected by the banking crisis (such as the closure of Silicon Valley Bank, receiverships of First Republic Bank and Signature Bank, and acquisition of Credit Suisse Group AG), we could experience losses on our holdings of cash and investments due to failures of other financial institutions and other parties. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, we might not be able to fully recover the assets we have deposited, or deposited on our customers behalf, since in certain cases, we will be among the institution s unsecured creditors. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by the loss of these funds. 
 We rely on relationships with introducing brokers for obtaining some of our clients and our business or reputation could be harmed by such introducing broker misconduct or errors. We have relationships with introducing brokers, both domestic and international, who solicit clients for their execution and/or advisory services. Those introducing brokers work to establish execution and/or clearing accounts with our entities for those new client relationships but generally serve as the primary relationship and customer service point for those clients. Many of our relationships with introducing brokers are non-exclusive or may be canceled on relatively short notice. In addition, our introducing brokers have no obligation to provide new client relationships or minimum levels of transaction volume. To the extent any of our competitors offers more attractive compensation terms to one or more of our introducing brokers, we could lose the brokers services or be required to increase the compensation we pay to retain the brokers. Further, we may agree to set the compensation for one or more introducing brokers at a level where, based on the transaction volume generated by clients directed to us by such brokers, it would have been more economically attractive to seek to acquire the clients directly rather than through the introducing broker. Our failure to maintain our relationships with these introducing brokers or the failure of these introducing brokers to establish and maintain client relationships could result in a loss of revenues, which would adversely affect our business. 
 We may be held responsible by regulators or third-party plaintiffs for any improper conduct by our introducing brokers, even though we do not control their activities. This may be the case even when the introducing brokers are separately regulated. Many of our introducing brokers operate websites, which they use to advertise our services or direct clients to us and there may be statements on such websites in relation to our services that may not be accurate and may not comply with applicable rules and regulations. Any disciplinary action taken against us relating to the activities of our introducing brokers, or directly against any of our introducing brokers could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, damage our brand name and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Products linked to cryptocurrencies could expose us to technology, regulatory and financial risks. We offer derivative products linked to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in certain jurisdictions, and may expand the types of these products offered, the associated types of cryptocurrencies and the jurisdictions in which the products are offered. The distributed ledger technology underlying cryptocurrencies and other similar financial assets is evolving at a rapid pace and may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or have other inherent weaknesses that are not yet apparent. We may be, or may become, exposed to risks related to cryptocurrencies or other financial products that rely on distributed ledger technology through our facilitation of clients activities involving such financial products linked to distributed ledger technology. 
 There is currently no broadly accepted regulatory framework for Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, and the regulation of cryptocurrencies is developing and changing rapidly in the U.S. and other countries around the world. For example, in the U.S., it is unclear whether many cryptocurrencies are securities under federal securities laws, and the implications for us if any of our products linked to cryptocurrencies are determined to be securities could be significant and adverse. In addition, some market observers have asserted that historical material price fluctuations in many cryptocurrency markets, such as that for Bitcoin, may indicate the propensity for cryptocurrency markets to bubble, and if markets for any cryptocurrencies linked to our products suffer severe fluctuations, our clients could experience significant losses and we could lose their business. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The manner in which we account for certain of our precious metals and energy commodities inventory may increase the volatility of our reported earnings. Our net income is subject to volatility due to the manner in which we report our precious metals and energy commodities inventory held by subsidiaries that are not broker-dealers. Our precious metals and energy inventory held in subsidiaries which are not broker-dealers is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We generally mitigate the price risk associated with our commodities inventory through the use of derivatives. We do not elect hedge accounting under U.S. GAAP for this price risk mitigation. In such situations, any unrealized gains in our precious metals and energy inventory in our non-broker-dealer subsidiaries are not recognized under U.S. GAAP, but unrealized gains and losses in related derivative positions are recognized under U.S. GAAP. As a result, our reported earnings from these business segments are subject to greater volatility than the earnings from our other business segments. 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could harm our business. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. Our risk management policies and procedures require, among other things, that we record and monitor thousands of transactions each day and we face the significant risk that we are not able to appropriately manage the risk associated with the large volume of transactions. 
 Our risk management policies and procedures rely on a combination of technology and human controls and supervision that are subject to error and failure. Some of our methods for managing risk are discretionary by nature and are based on internally developed controls and observed historical market behavior, and also involve reliance on standard industry practices. These methods may not adequately prevent losses, particularly as they relate to extreme market movements, which may be significantly greater than historical fluctuations in the market. In addition, our risk management policies and procedures also may not adequately prevent losses due to technical errors if our testing and quality control practices are not effective in preventing software or hardware failures. To the extent that we elect to adjust our risk management policies and procedures to allow for an increase in risk tolerance, we will be exposed to the risk of greater losses. Even if we our risk management procedures are effective in mitigating known risks, new unanticipated risks may arise and we may not be protected against significant financial loss stemming from these unanticipated risks. These new risks may emerge if, among other reasons, regulators adopt new interpretations of existing laws, new laws are adopted or third-parties initiate litigation against us based on new, novel or unanticipated legal theories. Our risk management policies and procedures may not prevent us from experiencing a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 
 Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 
 Our revenues, operational costs, regulatory compliance and client satisfaction could be adversely affected by the failure of a vendor or other third party to continue providing services to us. We rely on vendors and other third-parties to provide us with services that are essential to our ability to provide clients with our products and services. These services range from core infrastructure, such as utilities, communications and web hosting services, to systems that allow us to execute and process transactions entered into by our clients. 
 If these vendors or other third-parties suffer operations issues, including as a result of cyber attacks, and they are unable to continue to provide these services to us, we may be exposed to a variety of risks, including loss of revenue if our clients cannot trade with us, increased costs if we are required to employ alternative solutions and reputational harm. 
 In addition, some of our vendors hold sensitive information on our behalf, including personally identifiable information relating to our clients. If this data were to be compromised, either as a result of a cyber attack or otherwise, we could be in breach of our obligations to our clients, as well as applicable data protections laws, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. 
 Cyber attacks directed at our vendors may also make us more vulnerable to being targeted for cyber attacks ourselves if the bad actors are able to obtain information relating to our company and / or systems. 
 If one of our vendors experiences a cyberbreach of its own systems or has data that it holds misappropriated, we could be exposed to a number of additional risks, including: 
 heightened risk that we will not be able to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; 
 increased risk that external parties will be able to execute fraudulent transactions using our systems; 
 losses from fraudulent transactions, as well as potential liability for losses suffered by our clients; 
 increased operational costs to remediate the consequences of the external party s security breach; and 
 reputational harm arising from the perception that our systems may not be secure. 
 In some cases, operational issues or security breaches affecting our vendors may require us to take steps to protect the integrity of our own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information that we hold, including restricting the ability of our clients to trade or have access to their accounts. These actions could potentially diminish customer satisfaction and confidence in us, materially adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 For example, on January 31, 2023, we were notified by ION Group, one of our vendors which provides back office trade processing services relating to certain of our listed derivatives businesses, that it had experienced a cybersecurity incident, which rendered certain of its services inaccessible to us and its other clients. As a result of the incident, we imposed restrictions on clients of our UK subsidiary relating to the trading of listed derivatives. During February 2023, these services were restored and the restrictions on clients activities were lifted . 
 Furthermore, the widespread and expanding interconnectivity among financial institutions, clearing banks, CCPs, payment processors, financial technology companies, securities exchanges, clearing houses and other financial market infrastructures increases the risk that the disruption of an operational system involving one institution or entity, including due to a cyber attack, may cause industry-wide operational disruptions that could materially affect our ability to conduct business. 
 Internal or third-party computer and communications systems failures, capacity constraints and breaches of security could increase our operating costs and/or credit losses, decrease net operating revenues and cause us to lose clients. We are heavily dependent on the capacity and reliability of the computer and communications systems supporting our operations, whether owned and operated internally or by vendors or third parties, including those used for execution and clearance of our clients trades and our market-making activities. We receive and process a large portion of our trade orders through electronic means, such as through public and private communications networks. These computer and communications systems and networks are subject to performance degradation or failure due to any number of reasons, including loss of power, acts of war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, intentional acts of vandalism, client error or misuse, lack of proper maintenance or monitoring and similar events. While we currently maintain business continuity and disaster recovery plans (the BCPs ), which are intended to minimize service interruptions and secure data integrity, our BCPs may not be sufficient or work effectively during an emergency. 
 Similarly, although some contracts with our third-party providers, such as our hosting facility providers, require adequate disaster recovery or business continuity capabilities, we cannot be certain that these will be adequate or implemented properly. Our disaster recovery and business continuity plans are heavily reliant on the availability of the internet and mobile phone technology, so any disruption of those systems would likely affect our ability to recover promptly from a crisis situation. If we are unable to execute our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, or if our plans prove insufficient for a particular situation or take longer than expected to implement in a crisis situation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur. 
 Our inability to avoid or adequately address the failure of our key computer and communication systems exposes us to significant risks, including: 
 unanticipated disruptions in service to our clients; 
 slower response times, delays in trade execution and failed settlement of trades; 
 incomplete, untimely or inaccurate accounting, recording, reporting or processing of trades; 
 financial losses; and 
 litigation or other client claims and regulatory sanctions. 
 We hold a large amount of personally identifiable information relating to our clients and other counterparties, which exposes us to significant regulatory and financial risks if such information is not properly safeguarded. In connection with our business, we collect and retain personally identifiable information of our clients. The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of the serious threats to information security in general and as it relates to our business. Our clients expect that we will adequately protect their personal information, and the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is rapidly evolving and increasingly demanding. Protecting against security breaches, including cyber-security attacks, is an increasing challenge, and penetrated or compromised data systems or the intentional or inadvertent release or disclosure of data has in the past, and may in the future, result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of client or company data. It is possible that our security controls over personally identifiable information, our training of employees on data security and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information that we collect, store and manage. 
 We are exposed to significant risks relating to cybersecurity attacks against our trading platforms, internal databases and other technology systems. Cybersecurity attacks across industries, including ours, are increasing in sophistication and frequency and may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to measures targeted specifically at us. These attacks include but are not limited to, malicious software or viruses, attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or otherwise disrupt, our information systems, attempts to gain unauthorized access to proprietary information, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Cybersecurity failures may be caused by employee error or malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities of our vendors, suppliers, and their products. We have been subject to cybersecurity attacks in the past, 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 including breaches of our information technology systems, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Although we maintain cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems. 
 System failures, inadvertent disclosure of client personal information and/or cybersecurity breaches expose us to financial losses, regulatory fines or sanctions and third-party litigation. The degradation or failure of the communications and computer systems on which we rely, due to internal system issues, vendor or other third party issues, cybersecurity attacks or for other reasons, or the significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of client information under any circumstances, may lead to financial losses, litigation or arbitration claims filed by or on behalf of our clients, and regulatory investigations and sanctions against us. These events could also have a negative effect on our reputation, which in turn could cause us to lose existing clients to our competitors or make it more difficult for us to attract new clients in the future. 
 Rapid market or technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our products and services to our clients. We must continue to enhance and improve our electronic trading platforms. The financial services industry is characterized by significant structural changes, increasingly complex systems and infrastructures, changes in clients needs and preferences and new business models. If new industry standards and practices emerge and our competitors release new technology before us, our existing technology, systems and electronic trading platforms may become obsolete or our existing business may be harmed. Our future success will depend on our ability to: 
 enhance our existing products and services; 
 develop and/or license new products and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our clients and prospective clients; 
 continue to attract highly-skilled technology personnel; and 
 respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. 
 Developing our electronic trading platforms and other technology entails significant technical and business risks. We may use new technologies ineffectively or we may fail to adapt our electronic trading platforms, information databases and network infrastructure to client requirements or emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements, our clients may forego the use of our platforms and use those of our competitors. 
 Further, the adoption of new internet, networking, cloud, telecommunications or blockchain technologies may require us to devote substantial resources to modify and adapt our services. We cannot assure that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our proprietary technology and transaction-processing systems to client requirements or emerging industry standards. We cannot assure that we will be able to respond in a timely manner to changing market conditions or client requirements. 
 Debt Financing and Indebtedness Risks 
 The success of our business depends on us having access to significant liquidity. Our business requires substantial cash to support our operating activities, including establishing and carrying substantial open positions for clients on futures exchanges and in the OTC derivatives markets by posting and maintaining margin or credit support for these positions. Although we collect margin or other deposits from our clients for these positions, significant adverse price movements can occur which will require us to post margin or other deposits on short notice, whether or not we are able to collect additional margin or credit support from our clients. We have systems in place to collect margin and other deposits from clients on a same-day basis, however, there can be no assurance that these facilities and systems will be enable us to obtain additional cash on a timely basis. As such, the Company is highly dependent on its lines of credit and other financing facilities in order to fund margin calls and other operating activities and the loss of access to these sources of financing could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In addition, tightening of the credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures, if and when needed. For example, Signature Bank was a lender under certain of our facilities, and although we did not experience any adverse impact upon the receivership of Signature Bank, we could experience reduced access to liquidity due to failures of other financial institutions and other parties. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could substantially and negatively impact our financial condition and ability to do business. 
 Our significant level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of September 30, 2024, our total consolidated indebtedness was 881.9 million, and we may increase our indebtedness in the future as we continue to expand our business. The level of our indebtedness could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including: 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments and general corporate requirements; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments and general corporate requirements: 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the economy, the markets, regulatory requirements, our operations or business; 
 increasing the risk of a future downgrade of our credit ratings, which could increase future debt costs; and restricting our ability to borrow additional funds or refinance existing debt as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise. 
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including secured indebtedness. If new indebtedness is added to our current indebtedness levels, the related risks that we now face could increase materially. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 338.8 million of our borrowings are subject to variable interest rates and as such, in periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds will increase, which could reduce our net income. 
 Committed credit facilities currently available to us might not be renewed. As of September 30, 2024, we had five committed credit facilities under which we could borrow up to 1,205.0 million, consisting of: 
 a 500.0 million facility for general working capital requirements, committed until April 21, 2026; 
 a 250.0 million facility for short-term funding of margin to commodity exchanges, committed until October 28, 2025; 
 a 325.0 million committed facility for financing commodity financing arrangements and commodity repurchase agreements, committed until July 29, 2025; 
 a 115.0 million facility for short-term funding of margin to commodity exchanges, committed until October 9, 2025; and 
 a 15.0 million facility for general working capital requirements, committed until September 5, 2025; 
 It is possible that these facilities might not be renewed at the end of their commitment periods and that we will be unable to replace them with other facilities on terms favorable to us or at all. If our credit facilities are unavailable or are insufficient to support future levels of business activity, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition, in such circumstances, we may need to raise additional debt or equity financing on terms that are unattractive or dilutive to our current shareholders. Moreover, if we cannot raise additional funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to develop or enhance our business, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressure or unanticipated requirements, leading to reduced profitability. 
 The agreements governing our notes and other debt contain financial covenants that impose restrictions on our business. The indenture governing our 7.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2031 and the agreements governing our above-mentioned committed credit facilities impose significant operating and financial restrictions and limit our ability and that of our restricted subsidiaries to incur and guarantee additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, capital stock and prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt, among other restrictions. 
 Our failure to comply with these restrictive covenants, as well as others contained in any future debt instruments entered into from time to time, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their maturity. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, to obtain additional debt or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Global Regulatory Risks 
 The scope and complexity of the regulation to which we are subject creates significant risks for us. The securities and derivatives industries are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and foreign laws. In addition, the SEC, the CFTC, FINRA, the MSRB, the FCA, the Financial Services Authority, the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada, the U.S. Office of Special Counsel, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority, the NFA, the CME Group, Inc. and other self-regulatory organizations (commonly referred to as SROs), state securities commissions, and foreign securities regulators require compliance with their respective rules and regulations. 
 These regulations govern a broad and diverse range of our activities, including, without limitation, risk management, disclosures to clients, reporting requirements, client identification and anti-money laundering requirements, safeguarding client assets and personal information and the conduct of our directors, officers and employees. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations could result in material adverse effects on or business, results of operations and financial condition, including as a result of regulatory investigations and enforcement proceedings, civil litigation, fines and/or other settlement payments. In addition, changes in existing rules or regulations, including the interpretation thereof, or the adoption of new rules or regulations, could subject us to increased cost and risk of regulatory investigation or civil litigation, on or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The cost of complying with our regulatory requirements is significant and could increase materially in the future. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs to comply with our regulatory requirements, including with respect to the development, operation and continued enhancement of our trading platforms and technology solutions relating to trade execution, trade reporting, trade surveillance and transaction monitoring, record keeping and data reporting. New regulations, including amendments of existing rules, could result in material increases in operating costs in order to comply with additional regulatory requirements. 
 We are exposed to significant risk from civil litigation and regulatory enforcement actions against us. As a result of the broad scope of our highly regulated business activities and our large and diverse client population, we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business, including governmental and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which can be costly and time consuming to defend or address and expose us to risk of loss and fines and penalties. Actions that have been filed against us, and that may be filed against us in the future, include tort claims, contractual disputes, employment matters and workers compensation claims. The timing and final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. Additionally, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely affecting our liquidity. Moreover, the amounts involved in the trades we execute, together with the potential for rapid price movements in the products we offer, can result in potentially large damage claims in any litigation that arises in connection with such trades. 
 In addition, the volume of claims and the amount of damages and fines claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services firms has been increasing and may continue to increase. The risks relating to litigation and regulatory investigations and enforcement actions will also increase as our business expands. 
 For a further discussion of litigation risks, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings below and Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are required to maintain significant levels of net capital and if our subsidiaries fail to meet these requirements, we face suspension, expulsion or limitation on our product lines. Our regulated subsidiaries are subject to a number of requirements to maintain specific levels of net capital. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject our subsidiaries to suspension or revocation of their license or registration or expulsion from regulatory bodies. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition to these net capital requirements, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to the deposit and/or collateral requirements of the clearing houses and exchanges in which such subsidiaries participate. These requirements may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of client trading activity. Failure to meet such requirements could result in our inability to continue to participate in such clearinghouses and exchanges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Changes in existing net capital rules or the issuance of new rules could restrict our operations or limit our ability to issue dividends or repay debt. Our business depends on the use of capital, most of which is generated and held by our operating subsidiaries. If there are changes to existing net capital rules, or new rules are issued, that require us to hold additional capital at our operating subsidiaries, we may be unable to issue dividends from our subsidiaries to fund our operations or repay our debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Rapidly evolving regulations regarding data privacy could increase our costs and adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to rules and regulations adopted by state, federal and foreign governments, and regulatory organizations governing data privacy, including, but not limited to for example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and the European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). Additional states, as well as foreign jurisdictions, have enacted or are proposing similar data protection regimes, resulting in a rapidly evolving landscape governing how we collect, use, transfers and protect personal data. 
 These laws and regulations are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving interpretations. Government officials, regulators, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share, transmit and destroy personal data. We must continually monitor the development and adoption of, and commit substantial time and resources to comply with, new and emerging laws and regulations and/ or expanded interpretations of existing laws. These regulations, as well as changes to existing rules, could result in material increases in operating costs and impact the manner in which our products and services can be offered to our clients. Any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, and any failure to comply with the CCPA, GDPR 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 or other applicable data protection regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, could subject us to risk of regulatory investigation, penalties, business disruption, civil litigation and reputational harm, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 International Operations Risks 
 Our international operations involve special challenges that we may not be able to meet, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. We engage in a significant amount of business with clients in markets outside the United States. We face certain additional risks that are inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the regulated industries in which we participate. These risks include an inability to manage and coordinate the various regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions that are constantly evolving and are also subject to unexpected change, difficulties of debt collection and enforcement of contractual rights in foreign jurisdictions and reduced protection for intellectual property rights. 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could negatively impact our earnings. A significant portion of our international business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar can therefore affect the value of our non U.S. dollar net assets, revenues and expenses. Although we closely monitor potential exposures as a result of these fluctuations in currencies and adopt strategies designed to reduce the impact of these fluctuations on our financial results, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in managing our foreign exchange risk and potential movements in the U.S. dollar against other currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. Our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow if the relative contribution of our operations outside the U.S. increases. Any material fluctuations in currencies could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our international operations are subject to the political, legal and economic risks associated with politically unstable and less developed regions of the world, including the risk of war and other international conflicts and actions by governmental authorities, insurgent groups, terrorists and others. Our international operations are subject to specific risks that are more likely to arise in politically unstable and less developed regions of the world. We may conduct business in countries that are the subject of actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19, political instability, civil strife and other geopolitical uncertainty, economic and financial instability, highly inflationary environment, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers, exchange rate fluctuations, applicable currency controls, the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including reliance on local experts. As a result of these and other factors, the currencies of these countries may be unstable. Future instability in such currencies or the imposition of governmental or regulatory restrictions on such currencies or on business in such countries could impede our foreign business. 
 As we operate or otherwise extend our services in certain jurisdictions without local registration, licensing or authorization, we may be subject to possible enforcement action and sanction for our operations in such jurisdictions if our operations are determined to have violated regulations in those jurisdictions. Further, we may be required to cease operations in one or more of the countries in which we operate without registration, licensing or authorization, or our growth may be limited by newly imposed regulatory or other restrictions. A portion of our trading volume is attributable to clients in jurisdictions in which we or our white label partners are not currently licensed or authorized by the local government or applicable self-regulatory organization. This includes jurisdictions, such as China, from which we derive revenue and profit, and in which the local government has not adopted specific regulations governing the trading of foreign exchange and CFD products of the types we offer to clients, and jurisdictions in which we operate or otherwise extend our services in reliance on exemptions from the regulatory regime. We determine the nature and extent of services we can offer and the manner in which we conduct our business in the various jurisdictions in which we serve clients based on a variety of factors, including legal advice received from local counsel, our review of applicable U.S. and local laws and regulations and, in some cases, our discussions with local regulators. In cases in which we operate in jurisdictions based on local legal advice and/or cross border in a manner that we believe does not require us to be regulated in a particular jurisdiction, we are exposed to the risk that our legal, regulatory and other analysis is subsequently determined by a local regulatory agency or other authority to be incorrect and that we have not been in compliance with local laws or regulations, including local licensing or authorization requirements, and to the risk that the regulatory environment in a jurisdiction may change, including in a circumstance where laws or regulations or licensing or authorization requirements that previously were not enforced become subject to enforcement. 
 In such jurisdictions in which we are not licensed or authorized, we may be subject to a variety of restrictions regarding the manner in which we conduct our business or serve clients, including restrictions on: 
 our sales and marketing activities; 
 the use of a website specifically targeted to potential clients in a particular country; 
 our ability to have a physical presence in a particular country; or 
 the types of services we may offer clients physically present in each country. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 These restrictions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and/or may limit our ability to grow or continue to operate our business in any such jurisdiction or may result in increased overhead costs or degradation in our services in that jurisdiction. Consequently, we cannot assure you that our operations in jurisdictions where we are not licensed or authorized will continue uninterrupted or that our international expansion plans will be achieved. 
 We may be subject to possible enforcement action and penalties if we are determined to have previously offered, or currently offer, our services in violation of applicable laws and regulations in any of the markets in which we serve clients. In any such case, we may be required to cease the conduct of our business with clients in one or more jurisdictions. We may also determine that compliance with the laws or licensing, authorization or other regulatory requirements for continuing the business in one or more jurisdictions are too onerous to justify making the necessary changes. In addition, any such event could negatively impact our relationship with the regulators or self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions where we are subject to regulation. 
 Our operations are required to comply with specific anti-corruption and record-keeping laws and regulations applicable to companies conducting business internationally, and if we violate these laws and regulations, it could adversely affect our business and subject us to broader liability. Our international business operations are subject to various anti-corruption laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and trade sanctions administered by OFAC. The FCPA is intended to prohibit bribery of foreign officials and requires companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect those companies transactions and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against designated foreign states, organizations and individuals. Though we have policies in place designed to comply with applicable OFAC sanctions, rules and regulations as well as the FCPA and equivalent laws and rules of other jurisdictions, including the UK Bribery Act 2010, there can be no assurance that, in the future, the operations of our businesses will not violate these laws and regulations, and we could be exposed to claims for damages, financial penalties, reputational harm, incarceration of employees and restrictions on our operations and cash flows. 
 Competition Risk 
 We are subject to intense competition. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from market-making and trading activities involving securities, commodities and foreign exchange. The market for these services, particularly market-making services through electronic platforms, is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue and increase in the future. We compete primarily with wholesale, national and regional broker-dealers and FCMs, as well as electronic communications networks and retail brokers. We compete primarily on the basis of our expertise and quality of service. 
 We also derive a significant portion of our revenues from commodities risk management services. The commodity risk management industry is very competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. Our primary competitors in this industry include both large, diversified financial institutions and commodity-oriented businesses, smaller firms that focus on specific products or regional markets and independent FCMs. 
 A number of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have. Some of them: 
 offer alternative forms of financial intermediation as a result of superior technology and greater availability of information; 
 offer a wider range of services and products than we offer; 
 are larger and better capitalized; 
 have greater name recognition; and 
 have more extensive client bases. 
 These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or evolving opportunities and client requirements. They may also be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities and offer more attractive terms to clients. 
 Alternatively, some of our competitors are smaller, subject to lower capital requirements, and may be able to adopt and implement emerging technologies more quickly. 
 Recent advances in computing and communications technology are substantially changing the means by which market-making and brokerage services are delivered, including more direct access on-line to a wide variety of services and information. This has created demand for more sophisticated levels of client service. Providing these services may entail considerable cost without an offsetting increase in revenues. In addition, current and potential competitors have established or may establish cooperative relationships or may consolidate to enhance their services and products. New competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and they may acquire significant market share. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
 Organizational Risks 
 Our growth has depended significantly on acquisitions. A large proportion of our historical growth has been achieved through acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies or services. Our operating revenues grew from 1,308.3 million in fiscal 2020 to 3,436.2 million in fiscal 2024 principally as a result of several acquisitions. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to engage in additional suitable acquisitions on attractive terms or at all, or that we would be able to obtain financing for future transactions. If we are not able enter into additional transactions, our growth may be adversely affected. 
 There are numerous significant risks associated with acquisitions and our failure to adequately manage these risks could lead to financial loss and a failure to realize the benefits of the transactions. There are a number of significant challenges that need to be overcome in order to realize the benefits of acquisitions, including: 
 integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures, technologies and operations of the acquired companies; 
 retaining and assimilating the key personnel of acquired companies; 
 retaining existing clients of the acquired companies; 
 creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and 
 achieving revenue growth. 
 If these risks are not appropriately managed, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or incur unanticipated liabilities, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, in connection with our acquisitions, we may be required to issue common stock, which would dilute our existing shareholders, or incur additional debt, which would increase our operating costs and potentially strain our liquidity. Moreover, acquisitions could lead to increases in amortization expenses, impairments of goodwill and purchased long-lived assets or restructuring charges, any of which could materially harm our financial condition or results. 
 Acquisitions give rise to unforeseen issues. Acquisitions involve considerable risk, including the potential disruption of each company s ongoing business and the distraction of their respective management teams, unanticipated expenses and unforeseen liabilities. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or incur unanticipated liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 From time to time, we may enter into negotiations for acquisitions or investments that are not ultimately consummated. Such negotiations could result in significant diversion of management time, as well as out-of-pocket costs. 
 The consideration paid in connection with an investment or acquisition also affects our financial results. If we were to proceed with one or more significant acquisitions in which the consideration included cash, we could be required to use a substantial portion of our available cash to consummate any acquisition. To the extent we issue shares of capital stock or other rights to purchase capital stock, including options or other rights, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. In addition, acquisitions may result in the incurrence of debt, large non-recurring write-offs, such as of acquired in-process research and development costs, and restructuring charges. 
 We depend on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Competition for key personnel and other highly qualified management, sales, trading, compliance and technical personnel is significant. It is possible that we will be unable to retain our key personnel and to attract, assimilate or retain other highly qualified personnel in the future. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel or the inability to identify, hire, train and retain other qualified personnel in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 From time to time, other companies in the financial sector have experienced losses of sales and trading professionals. The level of competition to attract these professionals is intense. It is possible that we will lose professionals due to increased competition or other factors in the future. The loss of a sales and trading professional, particularly a senior professional with broad industry expertise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law and our charter may adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock and make a takeover of us more difficult. We are organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Certain provisions of Delaware law may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. In addition, certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the board to determine the terms of our unissued series of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares of any series of preferred stock without any vote or action by our stockholders. As a result, the board can authorize and issue shares of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our common stock. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock may 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, because the rights given to the holders of a series of preferred stock may prohibit a merger, reorganization, sale, liquidation or other extraordinary corporate transaction. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our fiscal year 2024 that remain unresolved. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 We recognize that cyber incidents, including but not limited to data breaches, ransomware attacks, and system outages, pose a material risk to our operations. We have processes in place for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. These processes are embodied in our Information Risk Management Policy, which is supported by a set of standards and procedures, to provide a structured methodology for identifying, assessing, and managing risks to critical assets, including applications and systems. The Information Risk Management Policy is designed to provide a consistent risk management approach across the organization to safeguard against existing and emerging threats and to align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST Cybersecurity Framework. The processes for cybersecurity risk management that we follow are integrated into our enterprise risk management ERM program. 
 Our risk management processes include identifying and documenting key risks, assessing the potential business impact and likelihood of the identified risks, and developing mitigation plans for any risks that are deemed to be critical and or material. The Company uses various techniques to identify risks, up to and including input from our threat intelligence teams, which includes monitoring adversarial tactics and techniques, as well as annual penetration testing using third-party vendors. Once identified, these risks are assessed to evaluate potential impacts to us from compromised confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information systems, considering financial, operational, legal, and reputational risks. Risk ratings are determined by evaluating the threats, any vulnerabilities, and potential business impacts, and this information is documented in our risk register. The management of material risks from cybersecurity threats is assigned to appropriate personnel, with mitigation or remediation plans approved by executive management and reviewed regularly. 
 The ongoing management of material risks from cybersecurity threats includes promoting security awareness throughout the Company, such as quarterly employee training, ongoing monitoring for cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities, incident response planning, and data backup and retention and recovery readiness in accordance with our global business resilience planning policy and program. We have in place a comprehensive Security Incident Response Plan that outlines the policies and procedure to be followed in the event of an incident, including escalation and communication procedures. 
 We also have processes in place to oversee and identify material risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers. These processes include a review of vendors against cybersecurity-focused criteria through our vendor due diligence process, as well as a policy which mandates the inclusion of certain security-related clauses and provisions in our contracts with vendors and suppliers. We also conduct ongoing monitoring and assurance processes, including assessments, to ensure compliance with applicable security-related contractual provisions and other requirements. 
 Periodically, we engage third-party consultants to assess the maturity of our cybersecurity controls using the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. The assessment covers our risk management processes, people, and technologies. The findings are shared with our Chief Information Security Officer CISO ), senior management, and the Board of Directors, and the results are used to refine or enhance our risk management practices relating to cybersecurity. 
 The consequences of prior cybersecurity incidents we have encountered have not materially affected our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber intrusions, and we anticipate continuing to be subject to such attempts. Our security programs and measures do not prevent all intrusions and the occurrence of a significant cybersecurity incident could have a substantial negative impact on us. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Technology and Cybersecurity Risks for additional discussion. 
 Governance 
 Our management is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing our exposure to risk. The Board of Directors plays an active role in overseeing management s activities regarding risk management in part through its various committees based on each committee s responsibilities and expertise. The Board has delegated to the Technology and Operations Committee (the Committee oversight of the Company's Information Technology Department and risks arising from technology and operations, including information security, fraud, vendor, data protection and privacy, business continuity and resilience and cybersecurity risks. 
 Our CISO and Chief Information Officer CIO are primarily responsible for the management of cybersecurity-related risks. Our CISO reports to our CIO, who is a member of our executive committee. The CIO collaborates closely with the CISO to 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 align cybersecurity risk management with business goals. Our Governance, Risk and Compliance team is responsible for implementing the Company s security risk management program, and our security engineering and Threat Management teams manage the technical aspects of cybersecurity and incident detection, response, and remediation. These teams report to the CISO and CIO to keep them informed of the matters for which they are responsible. The CISO and CIO report quarterly to the Committee on current and emerging strategies and trends, the Company's approach to technology and operations, developments with respect to cybersecurity events and risks and the Company s cybersecurity roadmap. More frequent reporting occurs when circumstances dictate, such as pursuant to the escalation procedures included in the Company s Security Incident Response Plan. 
 Our CISO has over 20 years of experience in cybersecurity. Before joining the Company in 2023, he held senior leadership positions in cybersecurity and security operations at publicly traded companies, a federally funded research and development center and the U.S. military. He holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Arizona and an MA in Strategic Intelligence from American Military University. He is also a Certified Information Systems Security Professional. Our CIO has been with the Company since 2017. She has over 20 years of experience in senior technology and financial roles in the asset management and financial services sector. She holds a B.S. in Accounting from Babson College and an MBA from Indiana University. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We have offices, operations and data centers located around the world. Our corporate headquarters is located at 230 Park Avenue, New York, New York. We have significant operations located in London, Chicago, Birmingham and Kansas City, along with many other locations globally. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our anticipated requirements for current lines of business. Most of our offices support multiple or all of our segments. All our offices and other principal business properties are leased, except for a portion of our space in Buenos Aires, which we own. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For information regarding certain legal proceedings to which we are currently a party, see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies - Legal and Regulatory Proceedings in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ under the symbol SNEX . Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were 615 registered holders of record of our common stock. This figure excludes the beneficial holders whose shares may be held of record by brokerage firms and clearing agencies. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and do not currently have any plans to pay dividends on our common stock. The payment of cash dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions and other relevant factors. Our credit agreements currently prohibit the payment of cash dividends by us. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not have any sales of unregistered equity securities for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On August 28, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.5 million shares of our outstanding common stock from time to time in open market purchases and private transactions, commencing on October 1, 2024 and ending on September 30, 2025. This authorization replaced the previous authorization to purchase up to 1.5 million shares during fiscal 2024. The repurchases are subject to the discretion of the senior management team to implement our stock repurchase plan, and subject to market conditions and as permitted by securities laws and other legal, regulatory and contractual requirements and covenants. 
 Our common stock repurchase program activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Number of Shares Remaining to be Purchased Under the Program July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 453 81.55 1,500,000 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 1,500,000 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 131 77.66 1,500,000 Total 584 80.68 (1) The 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan allows for withhold to cover as a tax payment method for vesting of restricted stock awards. Pursuant to the withhold to cover method, we withheld from certain employees shares noted in the table above to cover tax withholding related to the vesting of their awards. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information relating to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on the Company s common stock for the most recent five years with the cumulative return on the S P 500 Index and the NYSE/Arca Securities Broker/Dealer Index, assuming an initial investment of 100 on September 30, 2018, with all dividends reinvested. The stock price performance is not intended to forecast or be indicative of future performance. 

Item 6. Reserved 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Throughout this discussion, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Company , we , us and our refer to StoneX Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including adverse changes in economic, political and market conditions, losses from our market-making and trading activities arising from counterparty failures and changes in market conditions, the loss of key personnel, the impact of increasing competition, the impact of changes in government regulation, the possibility of liabilities arising from violations of foreign, United States U.S. federal and U.S. state securities laws, the impact of changes in technology in the securities and commodities trading industries, and other risks discussed in our filings with the SEC, including Part I, Item A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. Although we believe that our forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions regarding our business and future market conditions, there can be no assurances that our actual results will not differ materially from any results expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We caution readers that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. 
 Overview 
 We operate a global financial services network that connects companies, organizations, traders and investors to the global market ecosystem through a unique blend of digital platforms, end-to-end clearing and execution services, high touch service and deep expertise. We strive to be the one trusted partner to our clients, providing our network, products and services to allow them to pursue trading opportunities, manage their market risks, make investments and improve their business performance. Our businesses are supported by our global infrastructure of regulated operating subsidiaries, our advanced technology platforms and our team of more than 4,500 employees as of September 30, 2024. We believe our client-first approach differentiates us from large banking institutions, engenders trust and has enabled us to establish leadership positions in a number of complex fields in financial markets around the world. For additional information, see Overview of Business and Strategy within Item 1. Business section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We report our operating segments based primarily on the nature of the clients we serve (commercial, institutional, and self-directed/retail), and a fourth operating segment, our payments business. This structure allows us to efficiently serve clients in more than 180 countries and manage our large global footprint. See Segment Information for a listing of business activities performed within our reportable segments. 
 StoneX Group Inc. and its trade name "StoneX" carry forward the foundation established by Saul Stone in 1924 to today's modern financial services firm. Today, we provide an institutional-grade financial services ecosystem, connecting our clients to over 40 derivatives exchanges, 180 foreign exchange markets, most global securities exchanges and over 18,000 over-the-counter OTC markets via our networks of highly integrated digital platforms and experienced professionals. Our platform delivers support throughout the entire lifecycle of a transaction, from consulting and boots-on-the-ground intelligence, to efficient execution, to post-trade clearing, custody and settlement. 

Executive Summary 
 During fiscal 2024, our continued efforts to increase client engagement and expand our product offerings resulted in continued growth in transactional volumes throughout the majority of our operating segments and products, with the exception of FX/Contracts for difference CFD contracts volume which declined due to generally lower FX volatility during fiscal 2024. 
 In terms of revenue capture on our transactional volumes as compared to the prior fiscal year, we experienced: 
 Lower rate per contract RPC on listed derivatives due to stronger growth in institutional client volumes, which have a relatively lower RPC in relation to commercial client volumes. 
 Lower OTC derivatives RPC due to diminished volatility in the agricultural and energy commodity markets. 
 Lower securities rate per million RPM due to diminished equity volatility and backwardated markets in fixed income products, as well as continued growth in lower spread products including U.S. Treasuries and U.S. listed equities. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Higher FX/CFD RPM due to an increased volume in gold, oil, and index contracts, which typically have a higher spread capture than FX contracts. 
 Lower payments RPM due to generally lower FX market volatility. 
 Despite a decline in average client equity and money market MM )/FDIC client balances, driven by lower margin requirements, interest and fee income earned on client balances increased compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as we achieved an increase in the interest rate realized on these client balances. 
 Operating revenues increased 522.1 million, led by our Institutional and Self-Directed/Retail segments, which added 448.5 million and 62.0 million, respectively. Operating revenues in our Commercial segment added 9.2 million, while our Payments segment declined 3.0 million. 
 Overall segment income increased 122.1 million with all of our segments experiencing growth versus the prior year, with the exception of our Commercial segment. The growth was led by our Self-Directed/Retail segment which added 73.5 million, while our Institutional and Payments segments increased 48.1 million and 3.5 million, respectively. Commercial segment income declined 3.0 million. 
 On March 1, 2024, we successfully increased the amount and extended the duration of our long term capital, with the issuance of 550.0 million of 7.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2031 (the Notes due 2031 ), the proceeds of which we utilized to extinguish 347.9 million of 8.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the Notes due 2025 ), as well as to pay down the then current borrowings on our revolving credit facility. While funds from the issuance of the Notes due 2031 were used to redeem the Notes due 2025, the redemption did not occur until June 17, 2024, in order to redeem those notes at par. This period of both issuances of Senior Secured Notes outstanding, combined with the recognition of a 3.7 million loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs on the Notes due 2025, resulted in a 10.3 million increase in interest expense related to corporate funding purposes as compared to the prior year. 
 On the expense side, we continue to focus on maintaining our variable cost model and limiting the growth of our non-variable 
 expenses. Variable expenses were 52 of total expenses in both the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Non-variable expenses, excluding bad debts, increased 91.1 million, principally due to higher fixed compensation and benefits, professional fees, non-trading technology and support and occupancy and equipment rental, with these increases related to the continuing build out and expansion of our product offering and geographic reach of our operating segments as well as in overhead departments to support this growth. 
 Income before tax includes gains of 8.8 million and 2.1 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 204 and 2023, respectively, related to class action settlements received, which are included in Gain on acquisition and other gains. Also included in Gain on acquisition and other gains in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 was a 23.5 million gain on the acquisition of CDI, which was non-taxable, and accordingly there was no corresponding income tax provision amount recorded related to the gain. 
 Net income increased 22.3 million to 260.8 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Diluted earnings per share were 7.96 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 7.45 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Selected Summary Financial Information 
 Results of Operations 
 Our total revenues, as reported, combine gross revenues for the physical commodities business and net revenues for all other businesses. Management believes that operating revenues, which deduct the cost of sales of physical commodities from total revenues, is a more useful financial measure with which to assess our results of operations. The table below sets forth our operating revenues, as well as other key financial measures, for the periods indicated. 
 Financial Overview 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Revenues: Sales of physical commodities 96,586.2 66 58,131.2 (9) 64,052.6 Principal gains, net 1,189.6 10 1,079.9 (6) 1,145.2 Commission and clearing fees 548.0 10 498.4 (2) 507.9 Consulting, management, and account fees 167.2 5 159.0 43 111.3 Interest income 1,396.8 41 987.6 351 219.0 Total revenues 99,887.8 64 60,856.1 (8) 66,036.0 Cost of sales of physical commodities 96,451.6 66 57,942.0 (9) 63,928.6 Operating revenues 3,436.2 18 2,914.1 38 2,107.4 Transaction-based clearing expenses 319.3 17 271.8 (7) 291.2 Introducing broker commissions 166.2 3 161.6 1 160.1 Interest expense 1,115.7 39 802.2 492 135.5 Interest expense on corporate funding 67.8 18 57.5 29 44.7 Net operating revenues 1,767.2 9 1,621.0 10 1,475.9 Compensation and benefits 942.4 8 868.6 9 794.8 Bad debts, net of recoveries 0.6 (96) 16.5 4 15.8 Other expenses 478.9 9 438.3 11 394.5 Total compensation and other expenses 1,421.9 7 1,323.4 10 1,205.1 Gain on acquisition and other gains, net 8.8 (65) 25.4 297 6.4 Income before tax 354.1 10 323.0 17 277.2 Income tax expense 93.3 10 84.5 21 70.1 Net income 260.8 9 238.5 15 207.1 Return on average stockholders equity 16.9 19.5 21.0 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The tables below present operating revenues disaggregated across the key products we provide to our clients and select operating data and metrics used by management in evaluating our performance, for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Operating Revenues (in millions): Listed derivatives 469.6 13 416.5 (3) 430.5 OTC derivatives 209.9 (10) 232.2 11 208.3 Securities 1,442.7 36 1,064.0 74 610.4 FX/CFD contracts 316.1 21 261.9 (23) 339.3 Payments 205.1 (2) 208.3 24 167.8 Physical contracts 217.9 (11) 244.9 26 194.3 Interest/fees earned on client balances 432.1 12 384.7 331 89.3 Other 145.2 33 109.4 32 82.7 Corporate 46.9 48 31.7 306 7.8 Eliminations (49.3) 25 (39.5) 72 (23.0) 3,436.2 18 2,914.1 38 2,107.4 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Volumes and Other Select Data (all amounts are U.S. dollar or U.S. dollar equivalents): Listed derivatives (contracts, 000 s) 214,811 34 160,292 160,609 Listed derivatives, average RPC (1) 
 2.09 (14) 2.44 (4) 2.53 Average client equity - listed derivatives (millions) 6,206 (13) 7,137 25 5,696 OTC derivatives (contracts, 000 s) 3,538 3,553 20 2,968 OTC derivatives, average RPC 59.62 (9) 65.78 (7) 70.49 Securities average daily volume ADV (millions) 7,156 36 5,257 52 3,459 Securities RPM (2) 
 256 (15) 301 (40) 503 Average MM/FDIC sweep client balances (millions) 1,017 (24) 1,338 (25) 1,784 FX/CFD contracts ADV (millions) 10,813 (9) 11,943 (10) 13,273 FX/CFD contracts RPM 115 32 87 (12) 99 Payments ADV (millions) 69 3 67 8 62 Payments RPM 11,693 (5) 12,367 14 10,880 
 (1) 
 Give up fees, related to contract execution for clients of other FCMs, as well as cash and voice brokerage revenues are excluded from the calculation of listed derivatives, average rate per contract. (2) 
 Interest expense associated with our fixed income activities is deducted from operating revenues in the calculation of Securities RPM, while interest income related to securities lending is excluded. 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating revenues increased 522.1 million, or 18 , to 3,436.2 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2,914.1 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The table above displays operating revenues disaggregated across the key products we provide to our clients. 
 Operating revenues from listed derivatives increased 53.1 million, with our Institutional and Commercial segments up 21.3 million and 31.8 million, respectively. 
 Operating revenues in OTC derivatives declined 22.3 million, principally driven by a 9 decline in the average rate per contract as a result of a decline in commodity volatility, as OTC volumes were flat with the prior year. 
 Operating revenue from securities transactions increased 378.7 million, principally due to a 36 increase in securities ADV, as well as a significant increase in interest rates. Carried interest on fixed income securities is a component of operating revenues, however interest expense associated with financing these positions is not. Our calculation of securities RPM, in the table above, presents the RPM after deducting from operating revenues the interest expense associated with our fixed income activities. Net operating revenues derived from securities transactions increased 44.5 million, principally driven by the increase in ADV noted above, which more than offset the 15 decline in RPM resulting from a tightening of spreads and a change in product mix. 
 Operating revenues from FX/CFD contracts increased 54.2 million, with a 59.0 million increase in our Self-Directed/Retail segment more than offsetting a 4.8 million decline in Institutional segment FX contracts operating revenues. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Operating revenues from payments declined by 3.2 million, or 2 , principally driven by a 5 decline in RPM traded, which was partially offset by a 3 increase in the ADV. 
 Operating revenues from physical contracts declined 27.0 million, principally driven by a 31.0 million decline in operating revenues in our physical agricultural and energy business, which was partially offset by a 4.1 million increase in precious metals related operating revenues. Precious metals related operating revenues were unfavorably impacted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, by unrealized losses on derivative positions of 6.8 million, related to physical inventories held at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Precious metals related operating revenues during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 were favorably impacted by realized gains of 1.4 million on the sale of physical inventories carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value, for which losses on related derivative positions were recognized in prior periods. 
 Interest and fee income earned on client balances, which is associated with our listed and OTC derivative businesses, as well as our Correspondent Clearing and Independent Wealth Management businesses, increased 47.4 million, principally as a result of the impact of the increase in the short-term interest rates realized, which was partially offset by declines in average client equity and average money-market/FDIC sweep client balances of 13 and 24 , respectively, as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Operating revenues increased 806.7 million, or 38 , to 2,914.1 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 2,107.4 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Operating revenues from listed derivatives declined 14.0 million, principally due to a 4 decline in the average rate per contract. 
 Operating revenues in OTC derivatives increased 23.9 million, principally driven by a 20 increase in OTC contract volumes, partially offset by a 7 decline in the average rate per contract. 
 Operating revenue from securities transactions increased 453.6 million, principally due to a 52 increase in securities ADV, as well as a significant increase in interest rates. Net operating revenues derived from securities transactions decreased 39.3 million, principally driven by a 40 decline in RPM primarily due to a tightening of spreads and a change in product mix. 
 Operating revenues from FX/CFD contracts declined 77.4 million, principally due to a 10 decline in FX/CFD contracts ADV, as well as a 12 decline in FX/CFD contracts RPM. 
 Operating revenues from payments increased by 40.5 million, principally due to an 8 increase in ADV, as well as a 14 increase in payments RPM. 
 Operating revenues from physical contracts increased 50.6 million, principally due to increased client activity in agricultural and energy commodities, including the CDI acquisition, effective October 31, 2022. 
 Interest and fee income earned on client balances, increased 295.4 million, principally driven by the impact of the significant increase in short-term interest rates, as well as a 25 increase in average client equity, which was partially offset by a 25 decline in average money market/FDIC sweep client balances. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Interest and Transactional Expenses 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Transaction-based clearing expenses 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Transaction-based clearing expenses 319.3 271.8 47.5 17 Percentage of operating revenues 9 9 
 Expenses were higher in the Exchange-Traded Futures Options, Financial Ag and Energy and LME businesses, principally related to the increase in contracts traded. Expenses were higher in the Equity Capital Markets business, principally related to an increase in ADV and higher ADR conversion fees. Partially offsetting these increases were lower expenses in the Self-Directed/Retail Forex business, principally related to a reduction in banking fees through successful renegotiation of certain vendor contracts. 
 Introducing broker commissions 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Introducing broker commissions 166.2 161.6 4.6 3 Percentage of operating revenues 5 6 
 Expenses were higher in the Independent Wealth Management business, principally driven by increased revenues, higher in the Financial Ag and Energy business, principally due to increased volume and mix of clients, and higher in the Physical Ag and Energy business principally due to the growth in physical cotton client activity. These increases were partially offset by lower payouts within the Self-Directed/Retail Forex and Correspondent Clearing businesses. 
 Interest expense 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Interest expense attributable to: Trading activities: Institutional dealer in fixed income securities 852.4 556.7 295.7 53 Securities borrowing 64.3 39.4 24.9 63 Client balances on deposit 132.9 148.9 (16.0) (11) Short-term financing facilities of subsidiaries and other direct interest of operating segments 66.1 57.2 8.9 16 1,115.7 802.2 313.5 39 Corporate funding 67.8 57.5 10.3 18 Total interest expense 1,183.5 859.7 323.8 38 
 Increased interest expense attributable to trading activities principally resulted from an increase in our fixed income and securities borrowing activities, as well as the effect of the increase in short-term interest rates, partially offset by a decrease in interest expense attributable to client balances, principally resulting from the decline in average client equity within the Exchange-Traded Futures Options business. Interest expense attributable to short-term financing facilities of subsidiaries and other direct interest of operating segments increased principally within the Equity Capital Markets business, partially offset by lower average borrowings on our revolving credit facility within the Physical Ag and Energy business. 
 The increase in interest expense attributable to corporate funding was principally due to the March 1, 2024 issuance of the Notes due 2031, the proceeds of which were used to redeem the Notes due 2025. This redemption did not occur until June 17, 2024, in order to redeem those notes at par, and therefore there was a temporary period in which both the Notes due 2025 and Notes due 2031 were outstanding. In addition, upon completion of the redemption of the Notes due 2025, we recognized a 3.7 million loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs, which we have classified as a component of Interest expense on corporate funding on the Consolidated Income Statements. These increases were partially offset by lower average borrowings on our revolving credit facility. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Transaction-based clearing expenses 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 Change Change Transaction-based clearing expenses 271.8 291.2 (19.4) (7) Percentage of operating revenues 9 14 
 Expenses were lower principally due to lower ADR conversion and short-rebate fees in the Equity Capital Markets business, lower bank fees and transactional regulatory fees in the Self-Directed/Retail Forex business, which related vendor optimization and decreased FX/CFD ADV, respectively, lower fees in the Exchange-Traded Futures Options business, principally related to a decrease in contracts traded, and lower fees in the Payments business. These decreases were partially offset by higher fees in the Debt Capital Markets business, due to an increase in the ADV and higher exchange fees in the Financial Ag Energy and LME Metals businesses, due to an increase in exchange-traded volumes. The decline in the percentage of operating revenues was principally due to the impact of the significant increase in interest income on operating revenues. 
 Introducing broker commissions 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 Change Change Introducing broker commissions 161.6 160.1 1.5 1 Percentage of operating revenues 6 8 
 Expenses increased modestly period-over-period. Higher costs in the Physical Ag Energy business, related to incremental expense from the CDI acquisition, Financial Ag Energy, Asset Management and Payments businesses were partially offset by decreased expenses in the Independent Wealth Management and Self-Directed/Retail Forex businesses, principally due to lower trading volumes and revenues. The decline in the percentage of operating revenues was principally due to the impact of the significant increase in interest income on operating revenues. 
 Interest expense 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 Change Change Interest expense attributable to: Trading activities: Institutional dealer in fixed income securities 556.7 62.3 494.4 794 Securities borrowing 39.4 23.0 16.4 71 Client balances on deposit 148.9 17.4 131.5 756 Short-term financing facilities of subsidiaries and other direct interest of operating segments 57.2 32.8 24.4 74 802.2 135.5 666.7 492 Corporate funding 57.5 44.7 12.8 29 Total interest expense 859.7 180.2 679.5 377 
 The increase in interest expense attributable to trading activities was principally due to the significant increase in short-term interest rates, increased ADV in the fixed income business, and increased client balances on which we paid interest. The increase in interest expense attributed to corporate funding was principally due to higher short-term interest rates on our revolving credit facility as well as increased average borrowings. 
 
 Net Operating Revenues 
 Net operating revenues is one of the key measures used by management to assess the performance of our operating segments. Net operating revenue is calculated as operating revenue less transaction-based clearing expenses, introducing broker commissions and interest expense. Transaction-based clearing expenses represent variable expenses paid to executing brokers, exchanges, clearing organizations and banks in relation to our transactional volumes. Introducing broker commissions include commission paid to non-employee third parties that have introduced clients to us. Net operating revenues represent revenues available to pay variable compensation to risk management consultants and traders and direct non-variable expenses, as well as variable and non-variable expenses of operational and administrative employees, including our executive management team. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents net operating revenues disaggregated across the key products we provide to our clients used by management in evaluating our performance, for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Net Operating Revenues (in millions): Listed derivatives 216.0 10 195.5 (7) 209.4 OTC derivatives 209.8 (10) 232.1 11 208.3 Securities 370.1 14 325.6 (11) 364.9 FX/CFD contracts 282.2 26 224.2 (23) 291.9 Payments 195.1 (2) 199.2 26 158.4 Physical contracts 174.0 (14) 202.7 17 173.2 Interest, net / fees earned on client balances 306.8 29 237.0 239 70.0 Other 77.9 15 67.6 14 59.3 Corporate (64.7) 3 (62.9) 6 (59.5) 1,767.2 9 1,621.0 10 1,475.9 
 
 Compensation and Other Expenses 
 The following table presents a summary of expenses, other than interest and transactional expenses. 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Compensation and benefits: Variable compensation and benefits 506.5 5 483.2 1 478.1 Fixed compensation and benefits 435.9 13 385.4 22 316.7 942.4 8 868.6 9 794.8 Other expenses: Trading systems and market information 79.1 7 74.0 12 66.2 Professional fees 69.7 22 57.0 5 54.3 Non-trading technology and support 73.4 19 61.6 18 52.4 Occupancy and equipment rental 49.0 21 40.4 12 36.1 Selling and marketing 52.6 (3) 54.0 (2) 55.3 Travel and business development 28.4 15 24.8 47 16.9 Communications 8.5 (7) 9.1 10 8.3 Depreciation and amortization 53.1 4 51.0 15 44.4 Bad debts, net of recoveries 0.6 (96) 16.5 4 15.8 Other 65.1 (2) 66.4 10 60.6 479.5 5 454.8 11 410.3 Total compensation and other expenses 1,421.9 7 1,323.4 10 1,205.1 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Compensation and Other Expenses: Compensation and other expenses increased 98.5 million, or 7 , to 1,421.9 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,323.4 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Compensation and Benefits: 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Change Compensation and benefits: Variable compensation and benefits Front office 426.5 407.3 19.2 5 Administrative, executive, and centralized and local operations 80.0 75.9 4.1 5 Total variable compensation and benefits 506.5 483.2 23.3 5 Variable compensation and benefits as a percentage of net operating revenues 29 30 Fixed compensation and benefits: Non-variable salaries 305.6 266.8 38.8 15 Employee benefits and other compensation 85.1 75.7 9.4 12 Share-based compensation 37.2 28.0 9.2 33 Severance 8.0 14.9 (6.9) (46) Total fixed compensation and benefits 435.9 385.4 50.5 13 Total compensation and benefits 942.4 868.6 73.8 8 Total compensation and benefits as a percentage of operating revenues 27 30 Number of employees, end of period 4,556 4,137 419 10 
 Non-variable salaries increased within the Commercial, Institutional and Payments segments, as well as within our overhead departments, principally due to the increase in headcount, as well as the impact of annual merit increases. 
 Employee benefits and other compensation increased principally due to higher payroll taxes, retirement costs, and benefits principally related to the increase in headcount, as well as a decrease in employee-elected deferred incentive, which is exchanged for restricted stock that is amortized over a thirty-six month period following the grant date. The fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 also included 0.9 million in accelerated long-term incentive due to the departure of an executive officer. 
 Share-based compensation, which contains stock option and restricted stock expense, increased principally due to the issuance of additional stock option awards during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as well as from increased restricted stock amortization related to employee-elected and statutorily-required deferred incentive, which results in cash exchanged for restricted stock that is amortized over a thirty-six month period following the grant date. The year ended September 30, 2024 also included 0.9 million in accelerated share-based compensation due to the departure of the executive officer. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, severance costs were 8.0 million, relating to the departure of several employees, including the executive officer mentioned above. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, severance costs were 14.9 million, principally related to a reorganization within the Payments business. 
 Other Expenses: Other non-compensation expenses increased 24.7 million, or 5 , to 479.5 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 454.8 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Professional fees increased 12.7 million, principally due to higher legal fees related to matters in which we are defendants, as well as related to advisory matters in the normal course of business. Additionally, the increase is related to higher consulting fees, principally related to implementation projects in the overhead compliance and human resource departments. 
 Non-trading technology and support increased 11.8 million, principally due to higher non-trading software maintenance and support costs related to various technology used throughout Core IT, compliance and Self-Directed/Retail Forex. 
 Occupancy and equipment rental increased 8.6 million, principally due to additional office space acquired in London and India, as well as certain accelerated charges incurred as we consolidate office space in London to support our current and anticipated future growth, partially offset by a partial refund of property tax and related expenses covering prior years in London. Additionally, we experienced higher costs in the U.S. and Singapore. 
 Travel and business development increased 3.6 million, principally due to higher transportation and lodging costs across our Commercial and Institutional segments and support departments, as well as transportation and lodging costs related to our global sales summit, held in February 2024, which occurs once every two years. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we recorded net recoveries of bad debts of 0.6 million, principally related to net recoveries within the Institutional segment of 1.3 million, which were partially offset by bad debt expense of 1.2 million of client receivables in the Payments segment, 0.5 million within the Self-Directed/Retail segment, and 0.2 million within the Commercial segment. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, bad debt expense, net of recoveries was 16.5 million, principally related to bad debt expense of 15.1 million of client receivables in the Physical Ag Energy business, 2.3 million of client trading account deficits in the Self-Directed/Retail Forex business, and 0.6 million in client trading account deficits in the Financial Ag Energy business, partially offset by net recoveries of 1.4 million of client trading account deficits in the Exchange-Traded Futures Options business. 
 Gain on Acquisition and Other Gains, net: The results of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 include nonrecurring gains of 1.9 million resulting from proceeds received from a gold fix class action settlement, reported within the Self-Directed/Retail segment, and 6.9 million resulting from proceeds received from a commodity exchange gold futures and options trading settlement, reported within the Commercial segment. The results of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 included a nonrecurring gain of 23.5 million related to the acquisition of CDI and a nonrecurring gain of 2.1 million resulting from proceeds received from a foreign exchange antitrust class action settlement, reported within the Institutional segment. 
 Provision for Taxes: Our effective income tax rate was 26 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The effective income tax rate for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was higher than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to U.S. state and local taxes, changes in valuation allowances, U.K. bank tax, U.S. permanent differences, GILTI, and the amount of foreign earnings taxed at higher tax rates. The gain on acquisition of 23.5 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 was not taxable and reduced the effective income tax rate by 1.4 . 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Compensation and Other Expenses: Compensation and other expenses increased 205.8 million, or 21 , to 1,323.4 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 1,205.1 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Compensation and Benefits: 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2023 2022 Change Change Compensation and benefits: Variable compensation and benefits Front office 407.3 410.4 (3.1) (1) Administrative, executive, and centralized and local operations 75.9 67.7 8.2 12 Total variable compensation and benefits 483.2 478.1 5.1 1 Variable compensation and benefits as a percentage of net operating revenues 30 32 Fixed compensation and benefits: Non-variable salaries 266.8 225.8 41.0 18 Employee benefits and other compensation 75.7 70.5 5.2 7 Share-based compensation 28.0 17.8 10.2 57 Severance 14.9 2.6 12.3 473 Total fixed compensation and benefits 385.4 316.7 68.7 22 Total compensation and benefits 868.6 794.8 73.8 9 Total compensation and benefits as a percentage of operating revenues 30 38 Number of employees, end of period 4,137 3,615 522 14 
 Non-variable salaries increased principally due to the increased headcount resulting from expanding capabilities among our business lines and the CDI acquisition, as well as the growth in our operational and overhead departments supporting our business growth, as well as the impact of annual merit increases. 
 Employee benefits and other compensation, excluding share-based compensation, increased principally related to higher severance, payroll taxes, benefits, and retirement costs. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, severance costs were 14.9 million, principally related to a reorganization within the Payments business. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, severance costs were 2.6 million. Partially offsetting the increases was an increase in employee-elected deferred incentive, which is exchanged for restricted stock. Share-based compensation increased principally due to higher employee participation in the Company s restricted stock plan, as well as from 3.3 million in accelerated share-based compensation for employee departures related to retirements and certain business reorganizations during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other Expenses: Other non-compensation expenses increased 44.5 million, or 11 , to 454.8 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 410.3 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Trading systems and market information costs increased 7.8 million, principally due to higher market information costs in the Debt Capital Markets, Self-Directed/Retail Forex, and Financial Ag Energy businesses. 
 Non-trading technology and support increased 9.2 million, principally due to higher non-trading software maintenance and support costs related to various IT systems primarily within our Core IT and other overhead departments. 
 Occupancy and equipment rental costs increased 4.3 million, principally due to increases in costs in London and Singapore, as well as incremental costs from the CDI acquisition. 
 Travel and business development increased 7.9 million, principally due to higher transportation and lodging costs across all business lines and support departments following periods of reduced travel. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 6.6 million, principally due to the incremental depreciation expense from internally developed software placed into service. 
 Bad debt expense, net of recoveries increased 0.7 million over the prior year. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, bad debt expense, net of recovery was 16.5 million, principally related to bad debt expense of 15.1 million of client receivables in the Physical Ag Energy business, 2.3 million of client trading account deficits in our Self-Directed/Retail FX segment, and 0.6 million in client trading account deficits in our Financial Ag Energy business, partially offset by net recoveries of 1.4 million of client trading account deficits in our Exchange-traded Futures Options business. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, bad debt expense, net of recoveries was 15.8 million, principally related to client 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 trading account deficits in our Commercial, Institutional, Self-Directed/Retail, and Payments segments of 11.6 million, 1.8 million, 2.3 million, and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 Gain on Acquisition and Other Gains, net: The results of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 included a nonrecurring gain of 23.5 million related to the CDI acquisition, as well as a nonrecurring gain related to proceeds received of 2.1 million resulting from an institutional-based foreign exchange antitrust class action settlement. The results of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 included a nonrecurring gain related to proceeds received of 6.4 million resulting from a foreign exchange antitrust class action settlement in the Self-Directed/Retail segment. 
 Provision for Taxes: Our effective income tax rate was 26 and 25 for fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The effective income tax rate for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 was higher than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to U.S. state and local taxes, changes in valuation allowances, U.K. bank tax, U.S. permanent differences, and the amount of foreign earnings taxed at higher tax rates. The gain on acquisition of 23.5 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 was not taxable and reduced the effective income tax rate by 1.4 . 
 
 Variable vs. Fixed Expenses 
 The table below presents our variable expenses and non-variable expenses as a percentage of total non-interest expenses for the periods indicted. 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 of Total 2023 of Total 2022 of Total Variable compensation and benefits 506.5 26 483.2 28 478.1 29 Transaction-based clearing expenses 319.3 17 271.8 15 291.2 17 Introducing broker commissions 166.2 9 161.6 9 160.1 10 Total variable expenses 992.0 52 916.6 52 929.4 56 Fixed compensation and benefits 435.9 23 385.4 22 316.7 19 Other fixed expenses 478.9 25 438.3 25 394.5 24 Bad debts, net of recoveries 0.6 16.5 1 15.8 1 Total non-variable expenses 915.4 48 840.2 48 727.0 44 Total non-interest expenses 1,907.4 100 1,756.8 100 1,656.4 100 
 Our variable expenses include variable compensation paid to traders and risk management consultants, bonuses paid to operational, administrative, and executive employees, transaction-based clearing expenses and introducing broker commissions. We seek to make our non-interest expenses variable to the greatest extent possible, and to keep our fixed costs as low as possible. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, non-variable expenses, excluding bad debts, net of recoveries, increased 91.1 million, or 11 , compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, non-variable expenses, excluding bad debts, net of recoveries, increased 112.5 million, or 16 , compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Information 
 Our operating segments are based principally on the nature of the clients we serve (commercial, institutional, and self-directed/retail), and a fourth operating segment, our payments business. We manage our business in this manner due to our large global footprint, in which we have more than 4,500 employees allowing us to serve clients in more than 180 countries. 
 Our business activities are managed as operating segments, which are our reportable segments for financial reporting purposes, as shown below. 
 StoneX Group Inc. Commercial Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Primary Activities: Primary Activities: Primary Activities: Primary Activities: Financial Ag Energy Equity Capital Markets Forex/CFD Payments LME Metals Debt Capital Markets Independent Wealth Management Payment Technology Services Physical Ag Energy FX Prime Brokerage Precious Metals Exchange-Traded Futures Options Correspondent Clearing 
 Total revenues, operating revenues and net operating revenues shown as Corporate primarily consist of interest income from our centralized corporate treasury function. Corporate also includes net costs not allocated to operating segments, including costs and expenses of certain shared services such as information technology, accounting and treasury, credit and risk, legal and compliance, and human resources and other activities. For additional information regarding Corporate, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Operating revenues, net operating revenues, net contribution and segment income are some of the key measures used by management to assess the performance of each segment and for decisions regarding the allocation of our resources. Operating revenues are calculated as total revenues less cost of sales of physical commodities. 
 Net operating revenue is calculated as operating revenue less transaction-based clearing expenses, introducing broker commissions and interest expense. 
 Net contribution is calculated as net operating revenues less variable compensation. Variable compensation paid to risk management consultants and traders generally represents a fixed percentage that can vary by revenue type. This fixed percentage is applied to revenues generated, and in some cases, revenues generated less transaction-based clearing expenses, base salaries and other expenses/allocations. 
 Segment income is calculated as net contribution less non-variable direct segment costs. These non-variable direct expenses include trader base compensation and benefits, operational charges, trading systems and market information, professional fees, travel and business development, communications, bad debts, trade errors and direct marketing expenses. 
 Segment income is used by our chief operating decision maker CODM as the primary measure of segment profit or loss in the evaluation for each of our operating segments. During the year ended September 30, 2024, we revised our method of allocating certain overhead costs to our operating segments, and, beginning in the year ended September 30, 2024, the CODM also uses Segment income, less allocation of overhead costs as an additional segment measure of our segments financial performance. The allocation of overhead costs to operating segments includes costs associated with compliance, technology, and credit and risk costs. The share of allocated costs is based on resources consumed by the relevant businesses. In addition, the allocation of human resources and occupancy costs is principally based on employee costs within the relevant businesses. The measure of segment profit or loss most consistent with the corresponding amounts in the consolidated financial statements is segment income. 
 In the accompanying segment tables, Allocation of overhead costs has been added beneath Segment income , which reconciles the segment income measure to the segment income, less allocation of overhead costs measure for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Total Segment Results 
 The following table presents summary information concerning all of our business segments on a combined basis, excluding Corporate, for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 of Operating Revenues 2023 of Operating Revenues 2022 of Operating Revenues Sales of physical commodities 96,586.2 58,131.2 64,052.6 Principal gains, net 1,186.3 1,077.4 1,150.5 Commission and clearing fees 550.3 500.3 509.6 Consulting, management, and account fees 165.2 155.6 108.5 Interest income 1,402.2 999.4 230.0 Total revenues 99,890.2 60,863.9 66,051.2 Cost of sales of physical commodities 96,451.6 57,942.0 63,928.6 Operating revenues 3,438.6 100 2,921.9 100 2,122.6 100 Transaction-based clearing expenses 318.9 9 271.6 9 292.3 14 Introducing broker commissions 166.2 5 161.6 6 160.3 8 Interest expense 1,121.6 33 804.8 28 134.6 6 Net operating revenues 1,831.9 1,683.9 1,535.4 Variable compensation and benefits 430.3 13 410.3 14 413.5 19 Net contribution 1,401.6 1,273.6 1,121.9 Fixed compensation and benefits 218.8 204.9 175.7 Other fixed expenses 305.4 290.8 261.1 Bad debts, net of recoveries 0.6 16.5 15.8 Total non-variable direct expenses 524.8 15 512.2 18 452.6 21 Other gains 8.8 2.1 6.4 Segment income 885.6 763.5 675.7 Allocation of overhead costs (1) 156.0 Segment income, less allocation of overhead costs 729.6 763.5 675.7 
 (1) Includes an allocation of certain overhead costs to our operating segments as noted above for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. These allocations will be provided on an ongoing basis but have not been calculated for comparable periods. 
 
 Commercial 
 We offer our commercial clients a comprehensive array of products and services, including risk management and hedging services, execution and clearing of exchange-traded and OTC products, voice brokerage, market intelligence and physical commodity trading, marketing, procurement, logistics and price management services. We believe our ability to provide these high-value-added products and services differentiates us from our competitors and maximizes our ability to retain our clients. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 The tables below present the financial performance, a disaggregation of operating revenues, and select operating data and metrics used by management in evaluating the performance of the Commercial segment, for the periods indicated. Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Revenues: Sales of physical commodities 96,530.1 68 57,559.9 (9) 63,162.7 Principal gains, net 347.2 5 331.5 (3) 343.0 Commission and clearing fees 192.6 8 178.0 5 168.8 Consulting, management and account fees 27.1 5 25.7 17 21.9 Interest income 181.3 18 154.1 229 46.8 Total revenues 97,278.3 67 58,249.2 (9) 63,743.2 Cost of sales of physical commodities 96,406.4 68 57,386.5 (9) 63,051.1 Operating revenues 871.9 1 862.7 25 692.1 Transaction-based clearing expenses 70.3 16 60.7 9 55.9 Introducing broker commissions 44.3 10 40.1 27 31.5 Interest expense 41.4 2 40.6 123 18.2 Net operating revenues 715.9 (1) 721.3 23 586.5 Variable compensation and benefits 174.1 (1) 176.4 3 171.2 Net contribution 541.8 (1) 544.9 31 415.3 Fixed compensation and benefits 68.4 12 61.1 23 49.8 Other fixed expenses 92.4 19 77.4 18 65.6 Bad debts, net of recoveries 0.2 (99) 15.7 35 11.6 Non-variable direct expenses 161.0 4 154.2 21 127.0 Other gains 6.9 n/m Segment income 387.7 (1) 390.7 36 288.3 Allocation of overhead costs (1) 
 35.5 Segment income, less allocation of overhead costs 352.2 n/m 390.7 n/m 288.3 
 (1) Includes an allocation of certain overhead costs to our operating segments as noted above for the year ended September 30, 2024. These allocations will be provided on an ongoing basis but have not been calculated for comparable periods. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Operating Revenues (in millions): Listed derivatives 262.3 14 230.5 (4) 240.5 OTC derivatives 209.9 (10) 232.2 11 208.3 Physical contracts 212.5 (9) 232.9 29 180.4 Interest / fees earned on client balances 160.2 13 142.2 244 41.3 Other 27.0 8 24.9 15 21.6 871.9 1 862.7 25 692.1 Select data (all amounts are U.S. dollar equivalent): Listed derivatives (contracts, 000 s) 39,906 16 34,430 14 30,323 Listed derivatives, average rate per contract (1) 
 6.33 (1) 6.37 (16) 7.54 Average client equity - listed derivatives (millions) 1,715 (11) 1,927 (10) 2,149 Over-the-counter OTC derivatives (contracts, 000 s) 3,538 3,553 20 2,968 OTC derivatives, average rate per contract 59.62 (9) 65.78 (7) 70.49 (1) Give up fees, related to contract execution for clients of other FCMs, as well as cash and voice brokerage are excluded from the calculation of listed derivatives, average rate per contract. 
 
 For information about the assets of this segment, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating revenues increased 9.2 million, or 1 , to 871.9 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 862.7 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Net operating revenues decreased 5.4 million, or 1 , to 715.9 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 721.3 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating revenues derived from listed derivatives increased 31.8 million, principally driven by a 16 increase in listed derivative contract volumes, primarily in agricultural and LME base metal commodity markets. This was partially offset by a 1 decline in the average rate per contract. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Operating revenues derived from OTC transactions declined 22.3 million, principally driven by a 9 decline in the average rate per contract as a result of a decline in commodity volatility. 
 Operating revenues derived from physical transactions declined 20.4 million, principally driven by a 31.0 million decline in operating revenues in our physical agricultural and energy business which was partially offset by a 10.7 million increase in operating revenues in our precious metals businesses. 
 Interest and fee income earned on client balances increased 18.0 million, as a result of an increase in the short-term interest rates realized, which was partially offset by an 11 decrease in average client equity. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, expressed as a percentage of operating revenues, were 33 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 32 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Segment income decreased 3.0 million, partially due to the decline in net operating revenues, as well as a 6.8 million increase in non-variable direct expenses. The increase in non-variable direct expenses was primarily due to a 7.3 million increase in fixed compensation and benefits, a 1.3 million increase in professional fees, a 1.9 million increase in depreciation and amortization and a 1.1 million increase in travel and business development. The increase in non-variable direct expenses were partially offset by a 15.5 million decline in bad debts, net of recoveries. Also, the decline in segment income was partially offset by a nonrecurring gain of 6.9 million related to proceeds from a settlement in a commodity exchange gold futures and options trading matter. 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we have calculated an allocation for overhead costs of 35.5 million for the Commercial segment as described in the introduction to Total Segment Results above . An allocation of overhead costs will be provided on an ongoing basis, but we have not calculated historical comparable information. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Operating revenues increased 170.6 million, or 25 , to 862.7 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 692.1 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Net operating revenues increased 134.8 million, or 23 , to 721.3 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 586.5 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Operating revenues derived from listed derivatives declined 10.0 million, principally driven by a 16 decline in the average rate per contract as the prior year period experienced wider spreads in LME markets related to the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting effect on base metal commodity prices. This decline was partially offset by a 14 increase in listed derivative contract volumes compared to the prior year period. 
 Operating revenues derived from OTC transactions increased 23.9 million, principally driven by a 20 increase in OTC volumes, most notably in agricultural and soft commodities, which was partially offset by a 7 decline in the average rate per contract compared to the prior year. 
 Operating revenues derived from physical transactions increased 52.5 million, principally due to the CDI acquisition, effective October 31, 2022, as well as increased client activity in agricultural and energy commodities. 
 Interest and fee income earned on client balances increased 100.9 million, principally due to a significant increase in short-term interest rates, which was partially offset by a 10 decrease in average client equity. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, expressed as a percentage of operating revenues declined to 32 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 37 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, primarily as the result of the increase in interest/fees earned on client balances, which is generally not a component of variable compensation. 
 Segment income increased 102.4 million, principally due to the growth in operating revenues which was partially offset by a 27.2 million increase in non-variable direct expenses. The increase in non-variable direct expenses was primarily due to a 11.3 million increase in fixed compensation and benefits, a 4.1 million increase in bad debts, net of recoveries, a 2.9 million increase in depreciation and amortization, a 2.7 million increase in travel and business development and a 2.2 million increase in selling and marketing expense. 
 
 Institutional 
 We provide institutional clients with a complete suite of equity trading services to help them find liquidity with best execution, consistent liquidity across a robust array of fixed income products, competitive and efficient clearing and execution in all major futures and securities exchanges globally as well as prime brokerage in equities and major foreign currency pairs and swap transactions. In addition, we originate, structure and place debt instruments in the international and domestic capital markets. These instruments include asset-backed securities (primarily in Argentina) and domestic municipal securities. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The tables below present the financial performance, a disaggregation of operating revenues, and select operating data and metrics used by management in evaluating the performance of the Institutional segment, for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Revenues: Sales of physical commodities Principal gains, net 404.1 13 359.2 7 337.2 Commission and clearing fees 301.9 12 268.8 (5) 283.8 Consulting, management, and account fees 76.1 4 72.9 126 32.2 Interest income 1,180.0 45 812.7 355 178.6 Total revenues 1,962.1 30 1,513.6 82 831.8 Cost of sales of physical commodities Operating revenues 1,962.1 30 1,513.6 82 831.8 Transaction-based clearing expenses 228.0 21 187.9 (7) 202.4 Introducing broker commissions 31.2 (12) 35.4 12 31.7 Interest expense 1,072.5 41 758.3 564 114.2 Net operating revenues 630.4 18 532.0 10 483.5 Variable compensation and benefits 200.1 11 180.5 (4) 188.4 Net contribution 430.3 22 351.5 19 295.1 Fixed compensation and benefits 77.1 29 59.7 16 51.3 Other fixed expenses 88.5 14 77.5 15 67.4 Bad debts, net of recoveries (1.3) (13) (1.5) n/m 1.8 Total non-variable direct expenses 164.3 21 135.7 13 120.5 Other gain (100) 2.1 n/m Segment income 266.0 22 217.9 25 174.6 Allocation of overhead costs (1) 
 52.4 Segment income, less allocation of overhead costs 213.6 n/m 217.9 n/m 174.6 
 (1) Includes an allocation of certain overhead costs to our operating segments as noted above for the year ended September 30, 2024. These allocations will be provided on an ongoing basis but have not been calculated for comparable periods. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Operating Revenues (in millions): Listed derivatives 207.3 11 186.0 (2) 190.0 Securities 1,342.1 38 973.6 90 513.4 FX contracts 34.6 (12) 39.4 39 28.4 Interest / fees earned on client balances 269.2 12 239.5 420 46.1 Other 108.9 45 75.1 39 53.9 1,962.1 30 1,513.6 82 831.8 Volumes and Other Select Data (all amounts are U.S. dollar equivalents): Listed derivatives (contracts, 000 s) 174,905 39 125,862 (3) 130,285 Listed derivatives, average rate per contract (1) 
 1.12 (18) 1.36 1.36 Average client equity - listed derivatives (millions) 4,491 (14) 5,210 47 3,547 Securities ADV millions) 7,156 36 5,257 52 3,459 Securities RPM (2) 
 256 (15) 301 (40) 503 Average MM/FDIC sweep client balances (millions) 1,017 (24) 1,338 (25) 1,784 FX contracts ADV millions) 3,827 (11) 4,321 8 3,983 FX contracts RPM 40 8 37 32 28 n/m = not meaningful to present as a percentage (1) Give up fees, related to contract execution for clients of other FCMs, are excluded from the calculation of listed derivative, average rate per contract. 
 (2) Interest expense associated with our fixed income activities is deducted from operating revenues in the calculation of Securities RPM, while interest income related to securities lending is excluded. 
 
 For information about the assets of this segment, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating revenues increased 448.5 million, or 30 , to 1,962.1 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,513.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Net operating revenues increased 98.4 million, or 18 , to 630.4 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 532.0 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating revenues derived from listed derivatives increased 21.3 million, principally driven by a 39 increase in listed derivative contract volumes, which was partially offset by an 18 decline in the average rate per contract. 
 Operating revenues derived from securities transactions increased 368.5 million, principally driven by a 36 increase in the ADV of securities traded, primarily as a result of increased client activity in both equity and fixed income markets. The securities RPM decreased 15 , principally due to a tightening of spreads and a change in product mix. 
 Operating revenues derived from FX contracts declined 4.8 million, principally driven by an 11 decline in the ADV of FX contracts traded, which was partially offset by an 8 increase in the average rate per contract. 
 Finally, interest and fee income earned on client balances, which is associated with our listed derivative business, as well as our correspondent clearing businesses, increased 29.7 million, principally driven by an increase in the short-term interest rates realized, which was partially offset by declines of 14 and 24 in average client equity and average MM/FDIC sweep client balances, respectively. 
 As a result of the increase in short-term interest rates and the increase in the ADV, interest expense increased 314.2 million, with interest expense directly associated with serving as an institutional dealer in fixed income securities increasing 295.7 million and interest expense directly attributable to securities lending activities increasing 24.9 million. Partially offsetting these increases, interest paid to clients decreased 20.8 million. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, expressed as a percentage of operating revenues declined to 23 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 27 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, principally as the result of the increase in interest/fees earned on client balances, which is generally not a component of variable compensation. 
 Segment income increased 48.1 million, principally driven by the increase in net operating revenues noted above, which was partially offset by a 28.6 million increase in non-variable direct expenses. The increase in non-variable direct expenses was primarily related to a 17.4 million increase in fixed compensation and benefits, a 2.3 million increase in trade systems and market information, a 6.8 million increase in professional fees and a 1.0 million increase in travel and business development. These increases were partially offset by a 1.8 million decline in non-trading technology and support as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Segment income in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, was favorably impacted by a nonrecurring gain related to proceeds received of 2.1 million resulting from an institutional-based foreign exchange antitrust class action settlement. 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we have calculated an allocation for overhead costs of 52.4 million for the Institutional segment as described in the introduction to Total Segment Results above . An allocation of overhead costs will be provided on an ongoing basis, but we have not calculated historical comparable information. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Operating revenues increased 681.8 million, or 82 , to 1,513.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 831.8 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Net operating revenues increased 48.5 million, or 10 , to 532.0 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 483.5 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Operating revenues derived from listed derivatives declined 4.0 million, principally driven by a 3 decline in listed derivative contract volumes as the average rate per contract was flat compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Operating revenues derived from securities transactions increased 460.2 million, principally driven by a 52 increase in the ADV of securities traded, primarily as a result of increased client activity in both equity and fixed income markets. The securities RPM decreased 40 , principally due to a tightening of spreads and a change in product mix. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Operating revenues derived from FX contracts increased 11.0 million, primarily driven by a 8 increase in the ADV of FX contracts traded as well as a 32 increase in the average rate per contract. 
 Finally, interest and fee income earned on client balances, which is associated with our listed derivative business, as well as our correspondent clearing businesses, increased 193.4 million, principally driven by a significant increase in short-term interest rates, as well as a 47 increase in average client equity compared to the prior year period, which was partially offset by a 25 decline in average MM/FDIC sweep client balances. 
 As a result of the increase in short-term interest rates and the increase in the ADV, interest expense increased 644.1 million, with interest expense directly associated with serving as an institutional dealer in fixed income securities increasing 494.4 million, interest paid to clients increasing 117.7 million and interest expense directly attributable to securities lending activities increasing 16.4 million compared to the prior year period. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, expressed as a percentage of operating revenues declined to 27 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 51 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, principally as the result of the increase in interest/fees earned on client balances, which is generally not a component of variable compensation. 
 Segment income increased 43.3 million, primarily as a result of the increase in net operating revenues noted above, which was partially offset by a 15.2 million increase in non-variable direct expenses. The increase in non-variable direct expenses was primarily related to a 8.4 million increase in fixed compensation and benefits, a 3.8 million increase in trade systems and market information, a 2.4 million increase in non-trading technology and support, a 1.5 million increase in professional fees and a 1.9 million increase in travel and business development. These increases were partially offset by a 3.3 million positive variance in bad debts. Segment income was also favorably impacted by a nonrecurring gain related to proceeds received of 2.1 million resulting from an institutional-based foreign exchange antitrust class action settlement. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Self-Directed/Retail 
 We provide our self-directed/retail clients around the world access to over 18,000 global financial markets, including spot foreign exchange ("forex") and CFDs, which are investment products with returns linked to the performance of underlying assets, and both financial trading and physical investment in precious metals. In addition, our independent wealth management business offers a comprehensive product suite to retail investors in the United States. 
 The tables below present the financial performance, a disaggregation of operating revenues, and select operating data and metrics used by management in evaluating the performance of the Self-Directed/Retail segment, for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Revenues: Sales of physical commodities 56.1 (90) 571.3 (36) 889.9 Principal gains, net 237.0 27 186.4 (39) 307.4 Commission and clearing fees 49.9 8 46.3 (9) 50.8 Consulting, management, and account fees 58.6 9 53.6 4 51.6 Interest income 38.6 25 30.9 587 4.5 Total revenues 440.2 (50) 888.5 (32) 1,304.2 Cost of physical commodities sold 45.2 (92) 555.5 (37) 877.5 Operating revenues 395.0 19 333.0 (22) 426.7 Transaction-based clearing expenses 13.6 (16) 16.2 (38) 26.2 Introducing broker commissions 87.8 5 83.8 (12) 95.6 Interest expense 7.5 32 5.7 185 2.0 Net operating revenues 286.1 26 227.3 (25) 302.9 Variable compensation and benefits 19.1 31 14.6 (35) 22.6 Net contribution 267.0 26 212.7 (24) 280.3 Fixed compensation and benefits 44.7 (6) 47.5 (15) 55.7 Other fixed expenses 104.4 (11) 117.1 3 113.3 Bad debts, net of recoveries 0.5 (78) 2.3 2.3 Total non-variable direct expenses 149.6 (10) 166.9 (3) 171.3 Other gain 1.9 n/m (100) 6.4 Segment income 119.3 160 45.8 (60) 115.4 Allocation of overhead costs (1) 
 47.2 Segment income, less allocation of overhead costs 72.1 n/m 45.8 n/m 115.4 
 (1) Includes an allocation of certain overhead costs to our operating segments as noted above for the year ended September 30, 2024. These allocations will be provided on an ongoing basis but have not been calculated for comparable periods. 
 The tables below reflect a disaggregation of operating revenues and select operating data and metrics used by management in evaluating performance of our Self-Directed/Retail segment for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Operating Revenues (in millions): Securities 100.6 11 90.4 (7) 97.0 FX/CFD contracts 281.5 27 222.5 (28) 310.9 Physical contracts 5.4 (55) 12.0 (14) 13.9 Interest / fees earned on client balances 2.7 (10) 3.0 58 1.9 Other 4.8 (6) 5.1 70 3.0 395.0 19 333.0 (22) 426.7 Select data (all amounts are U.S. dollar equivalents): FX/CFD contracts ADV (millions) 6,986 (8) 7,622 (18) 9,290 FX/CFD contracts RPM 157 37 115 (11) 129 
 For information about the assets of this segment, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating revenues increased 62.0 million, or 19 , to 395.0 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 333.0 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Net operating revenues increased 58.8 million, or 26 , to 286.1 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 227.3 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating revenues derived from FX/CFD contracts increased 59.0 million, principally due to a 37 increase in FX/CFD contracts RPM, which was primarily driven by increased client activity in gold, oil and index contracts, which typically have a higher RPM than do FX contracts. This increase was partially offset by an 8 decline in FX/CFD contracts ADV, primarily related to a decline in client activity in FX markets. 
 Operating revenues derived from securities transactions, which are related to our independent wealth management activities, increased 10.2 million, while operating revenues derived from physical contracts declined 6.6 million. 
 Interest and fee income earned on client balances was 2.7 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 3.0 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, as a percentage of operating revenues were 31 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 34 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, principally due to the increase in operating revenues derived from FX/CFD contracts which typically incur a lower relative percentage of variable expenses than do our other revenue streams within this segment. 
 Segment income increased 73.5 million, principally due to the increase in net operating revenues noted above as well as a 17.3 million, or 10 , decline in non-variable direct expenses. The decline in non-variable direct expenses was partially driven by a 4.2 million decline in depreciation and amortization, as certain intangibles, recognized as part the acquisition of GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. in fiscal 2020, became fully amortized during fiscal 2023, partially offset by an increase in amortization of capitalized software development for post-acquisition software placed into service. In addition, the decline in non-variable expenses was driven by a 6.0 million decline in direct selling and marketing costs, a 2.8 million decline in fixed compensation and benefits and a 1.8 million decrease in bad debts. 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we have calculated an allocation for overhead costs of 47.2 million for the Self-Directed/Retail segment as described in the introduction to Total Segment Results above . An allocation of overhead costs will be provided on an ongoing basis, but we have not calculated historical comparable information. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Operating revenues decreased 93.7 million, or 22 , to 333.0 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 426.7 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Net operating revenues decreased 75.6 million, or 25 , to 227.3 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 302.9 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Operating revenues derived from FX/CFD contracts declined 88.4 million, principally driven by 11 and 18 declines in RPM and FX/CFD contracts ADV, respectively. These declines were primarily driven by diminished volatility and tighter trading ranges in our larger volume markets which resulted in reduced client trading activity and spread capture. 
 Operating revenues derived from securities transactions, which are related to our independent wealth management activities, declined 6.6 million, while operating revenues derived from physical contracts declined 1.9 million. 
 Interest and fee income earned on client balances increased 1.1 million, primarily as a result of an increase in short-term interest rates. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, as a percentage of operating revenues were 34 in the both the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 Segment income decreased 69.6 million, primarily as a result of the decline in net operating revenues noted above. Non-variable direct expenses declined 4.4 million, principally driven by a 3.3 million decline in direct selling and marketing costs. The fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 included a non-recurring 6.4 million foreign exchange antitrust class action settlement received in our Self-Directed/Retail forex business. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Payments 
 We provide customized payment, technology and treasury services to banks and commercial businesses as well as charities and non-governmental and government organizations. We provide transparent pricing and offer payments services in more than 180 countries and 140 currencies, which we believe is more than any other payments solutions provider. 
 The tables below present the financial performance, a disaggregation of operating revenues, and select operating data and metrics used by management in evaluating the performance of the Payments segment for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Revenues: Sales of physical commodities Principal gains, net 198.0 (1) 200.3 23 162.9 Commission and clearing fees 5.9 (18) 7.2 16 6.2 Consulting, management, account fees 3.4 3.4 21 2.8 Interest income 2.3 35 1.7 1,600 0.1 Total revenues 209.6 (1) 212.6 24 172.0 Cost of sales of physical commodities Operating revenues 209.6 (1) 212.6 24 172.0 Transaction-based clearing expenses 7.0 3 6.8 (13) 7.8 Introducing broker commissions 2.9 26 2.3 53 1.5 Interest expense 0.2 0.2 0.2 Net operating revenues 199.5 (2) 203.3 25 162.5 Variable compensation and benefits 37.0 (5) 38.8 24 31.3 Net contribution 162.5 (1) 164.5 25 131.2 Fixed compensation and benefits 28.6 (22) 36.6 94 18.9 Other fixed expenses 20.1 7 18.8 27 14.8 Bad debts, net of recoveries 1.2 n/m (100) 0.1 Total non-variable direct expenses 49.9 (10) 55.4 64 33.8 Segment income 112.6 3 109.1 12 97.4 Allocation of overhead costs (1) 
 20.9 Segment income, less allocation of overhead costs 91.7 n/m 109.1 n/m 97.4 
 (1) Includes an allocation of certain overhead costs to our operating segments as noted above for the year ended September 30, 2024. These allocations will be provided on an ongoing basis but have not been calculated for comparable periods. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Operating Revenues (in millions): Payments 205.1 (2) 208.3 24 167.8 Other 4.5 5 4.3 2 4.2 209.6 (1) 212.6 24 172.0 Select data (all amounts are U.S. dollar equivalents): Payments ADV (millions) 69 3 67 8 62 Payments RPM 11,693 (5) 12,367 14 10,880 
 For information about the assets of this segment, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Operating revenues decreased 3.0 million, or 1 , to 209.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 212.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Net operating revenues decreased 3.8 million, or 2 , to 199.5 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 203.3 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 The decline in operating revenues was principally driven by a 5 decline in RPM traded, which was partially offset by a 3 increase in the ADV. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, expressed as a percentage of operating revenues were 22 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 23 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Segment income increased 3.5 million, principally driven by a 5.5 million decline in non-variable direct expenses, which was partially offset by the decline in net operating revenues noted above. The decline in non-variable direct expenses was primarily driven by an 8.0 million decrease in fixed compensation and benefits as severance declined 10.6 million, partially offset by higher salaries related to increased headcount. The fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 included 10.0 million in severance related to a reorganization of the business. 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we have calculated an allocation for overhead costs of 20.9 million for the Payments segment as described in the introduction to Total Segment Results above . An allocation of overhead costs will be provided on an ongoing basis, but we have not calculated historical comparable information. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 Operating revenues increased 40.6 million, or 24 , to 212.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 172.0 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Net operating revenues increased 40.8 million, or 25 , to 203.3 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 162.5 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 The increase in operating revenues was primarily driven by an 8 increase in the ADV, as well as a 14 increase in the RPM traded. 
 Variable expenses, excluding interest, expressed as a percentage of operating revenues were 23 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 24 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Segment income increased 11.7 million, principally driven by the increase in net operating revenues noted above, which was partially offset by a 21.6 million increase in non-variable direct expenses. The increase in non-variable direct expenses was primarily driven by a 17.7 million increase in fixed compensation and benefits, including 10.0 million in severance related to a reorganization of the business. This reorganization plan included a reduction in variable compensation and benefits as a percentage of operating revenues going forward. 
 
 Overhead Costs and Expenses 
 We incur overhead costs and expenses, including certain shared services such as information technology, accounting and treasury, credit and risk, legal and compliance, and human resources and other activities. The following table provides information regarding our overhead costs and expenses. 
 In addition, for the year ended September 30, 2024, the table provides information regarding the allocation of a portion of these costs to the aforementioned operating segments. The allocation of overhead costs to operating segments includes costs associated with compliance, technology, and credit and risk costs. The share of allocated costs is based on resources consumed by the relevant businesses. In addition, the allocation of human resources and occupancy costs is principally based on employee costs within the relevant businesses. Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Compensation and benefits: Variable compensation and benefits 70.5 4 67.6 14 59.5 Fixed compensation and benefits 190.9 22 156.4 31 119.2 261.4 17 224.0 25 178.7 Other expenses: Occupancy and equipment rental 46.9 19 39.4 10 35.7 Non-trading technology and support 55.4 29 43.1 13 38.3 Professional fees 31.5 20 26.3 1 26.1 Depreciation and amortization 23.9 6 22.6 4 21.7 Communications 5.9 (11) 6.6 20 5.5 Selling and marketing 7.9 80 4.4 (24) 5.8 Trading systems and market information 7.6 (1) 7.7 67 4.6 Travel and business development 8.3 51 5.5 38 4.0 Other 18.0 (15) 21.3 15 18.6 205.4 16 176.9 10 160.3 Total compensation and other expenses 466.8 16 400.9 18 339.0 Allocation of overhead costs (1) 
 (156.0) Overhead costs and expense, net of allocation to operating segments 310.8 n/m 400.9 n/m 339.0 
 (1) Includes an allocation of certain overhead costs to our operating segments as noted above for the year ended September 30, 2024. These allocations will be provided on an ongoing basis but have not been calculated for comparable periods. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Non-variable salaries increased 19.7 million, or 16 , principally due an increase in headcount, as well as the impact of annual merit increases. Also, there was a decrease in employee-elected deferred incentive, which is exchanged for restricted stock that will be amortized over a thirty-six month period following the grant date. Share-based compensation related to stock option expense increased principally due to the issuance of additional stock option awards during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 
 Fixed compensation and benefits for the year ended September 30, 2024 included 4.5 million in aggregate related to severance, accelerated long-term incentive and accelerated share-based compensation due to the departure of an executive officer. Fixed compensation and benefits for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 included 3.3 million in accelerated share-based compensation for employee departures that were related to retirements and certain business reorganizations. 
 Occupancy and equipment rental increased 7.5 million, principally due to additional office space acquired in London and India, as well as higher costs in the U.S. and Singapore. 
 Non-trading technology and support increased 12.3 million, principally due to higher non-trading software maintenance and support costs related to various IT systems various technologies used throughout core-IT and compliance. 
 Professional fees increased 5.2 million, principally due to higher legal and consulting fees within the overhead compliance and human resources departments. 
 Selling and marketing costs increased 3.5 million, principally due to costs related to our global sales summit, held in February 2024, which occurs on a once-every-two years rotation. 
 Travel and business development increased 2.8 million, principally due to higher transportation and lodging costs related to the previously mentioned global sales summit. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 The increase in variable and non-variable compensation was partially related to the move of certain client engagement teams out of discrete business lines and into shared services, and replacing compensation expense in those discrete business lines with a non-variable charge. Additionally, the increase in non-variable compensation was partially a result of hiring among our compliance and IT departments, principally due to company growth, and within the accounting department, principally due to the CDI acquisition. 
 Also, the increase in non-variable compensation was related to annual merit increases, as well as the acceleration of share-based compensation related to employee departures that were related to retirements and certain business reorganizations. Additionally, the increase in variable compensation was principally due to higher performance, and to a lessor extent, an increase in headcount. 
 The increase in other non-compensation expenses was principally due to higher occupancy costs, principally related to an increase in property tax assessments in London, non-trading technology maintenance and support costs for the various systems used by the support services departments, and travel and business development costs, partially offset by lower selling and marketing costs due principally to the bi-annual global sales and strategy meeting held in March 2022. 
 
 Liquidity, Financial Condition and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 Liquidity is our ability to generate sufficient funding to meet all of our cash needs. Liquidity is of critical importance to us and imperative to maintaining our operations on a daily basis. Senior management establishes liquidity and capital policies, which we monitor and review for funding from both internal and external sources. We continuously evaluate how effectively our policies, including issuing debt and equity securities or accessing committed credit facilities, support our operations. We plan to finance our future operating liquidity and regulatory capital needs in a manner consistent with past practice. Liquidity and capital matters are reported regularly to our Board of Directors. 
 Regulatory 
 StoneX Financial Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and is a member of both FINRA and MSRB. In addition, StoneX Financial Inc. is registered as a futures commission merchant with the CFTC and NFA, and a member of various commodities and futures exchanges in the U.S. and abroad. StoneX Financial Inc. has a responsibility to meet margin calls at all exchanges on a daily basis, and even on an intra-day basis, if deemed necessary by relevant regulators or exchanges. Margin required to be posted to the exchanges is a function of our clients net open positions and required margin per contract. StoneX Financial Inc. is subject to minimum capital requirements under Section 4(f)(b) of the Commodity Exchange Act, Part 1.17 of the rules and regulations of the CFTC and the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 1934. StoneX Financial Inc. is also subject to Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Customer Protection Rule ). 
 GAIN Capital Group, LLC as both a futures commission merchant and registered foreign exchange dealer, is subject to minimum capital requirements under Section 4(f)(b) of the Commodity Exchange Act, Part 1.17 of the rules and regulations of the CFTC and NFA Financial Requirements, Sections 1 and 11. 
 StoneX Markets LLC is a CFTC registered swap dealer, whose business is overseen by the NFA. The CFTC imposes rules over net capital requirements, as well as the exchange of initial margin between registered swap dealers and certain counterparties. 
 These rules specify the minimum amount of capital that must be available to support our clients account balances and open trading positions, including the amount of assets that StoneX Financial Inc., GAIN Capital Group, LLC and StoneX Markets LLC must maintain in relatively liquid form. Further, the rules are designed to maintain general financial integrity and liquidity. 
 StoneX Financial Ltd is regulated by the FCA, the regulator of investment firms in the U.K. as a MiFID investment firm under U.K. law, and is subject to regulations which impose regulatory capital requirements. In Europe, our regulated subsidiaries are subject to E.U. regulation. Across the U.K. and E.U., the respective transpositions of the Market Abuse Regulation, and the General Data Protection Regulation, also apply. StoneX Financial Ltd is a member of various commodities and futures exchanges in the U.K. and Europe and has the responsibility to meet margin calls at all exchanges on a daily basis and intra-day basis, as necessary. StoneX Financial Ltd is required to be compliant with the U.K. s MIFIDPRU regulation. To comply with these standards, we have implemented daily liquidity procedures, conduct periodic reviews of liquidity by stressed scenarios, and are required to maintain enough liquidity for the firm to survive for one year under the appropriate stressed conditions. 
 StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore MAS and operates as an approved holder of a Capital Market Services and a Payments Service License. StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is subject to the requirements of MAS pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act and the Payments Services Act 2019. The regulations include those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which under certain circumstances must be segregated from the firm s own assets. 
 The regulations discussed above limit funds available for dividends to us. As a result, we may be unable to access our operating subsidiaries funds when we need them. 
 In our securities, commercial hedging OTC, foreign exchange and physical commodities trading activities, we may be required upon to meet margin calls with our various trading counterparties based upon the underlying open transactions we have in place with those counterparties. 
 We continuously review our overall credit and capital needs to determine whether our capital base, both stockholders equity and debt, as well as available credit facilities can appropriately support the anticipated financing needs of our operating subsidiaries. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total equity of 1,709.1 million, outstanding loans under revolving credit and other facilities of 338.8 million and 543.1 million outstanding on our senior secured notes, net of deferred financing costs. 
 A substantial portion of our assets are liquid. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 97 of our assets consisted of cash and cash equivalents; securities purchased under agreements to resell; securities borrowed; deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties; receivables from clients; financial instruments owned, at fair value; and physical commodities inventory. All assets that are not client and counterparty deposit financed are financed by our equity capital, bank loans, short-term borrowings from financial instruments sold, not yet purchased and under repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other payables. 
 
 Client and Counterparty Credit and Liquidity Risk 
 Our operations expose us to credit risk of default of our clients and counterparties. The risk includes liquidity risk to the extent our clients or counterparties are unable to make timely payment of margin or other credit support. We are indirectly exposed to the financing and liquidity risks of our clients and counterparties, including the risks that our clients and counterparties may not be able to finance their operations. 
 As a clearing broker, we act on behalf of our clients for all trades consummated on exchanges. We must pay initial and variation margin to the exchanges, on a net basis, before we receive the required payments from our clients. Accordingly, we are responsible for our clients obligations with respect to these transactions, which exposes us to significant credit risk. Our clients are required to make any margin deposits the next business day, and we require our largest clients to make intra-day margin payments during periods of significant price movement. Our clients are obligated to maintain initial margin requirements at the level set by the respective exchanges, but we have the ability to increase margin requirements for clients based on their open positions, trading activity, or market conditions. 
 As it relates to OTC derivative transactions, we act as a principal, which exposes us to the credit risk of both our clients and the counterparties with which we offset our client positions. As with exchange-traded transactions, our OTC transactions require 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 that we meet initial and variation margin payments on behalf of our clients before we receive related required payments from them. OTC clients are required to post sufficient collateral to meet margin requirements based on value-at-risk models, as well as variation margin requirements based on the price movement of the commodity or security in which they transact. Our clients are required to make any margin deposits the next business day, and we may require our largest clients to make intra-day margin payments during periods of significant price movement. In this business as well, we have the ability to increase the margin requirements for clients based on their open positions, trading activity, or market conditions. For certain clients, we provide credit thresholds, based on internal evaluations and monitoring of the client s creditworthiness. 
 In addition, with OTC transactions, we are at risk that a counterparty will fail to meet its obligations to us when due. We would then be exposed to the risk that the settlement of a transaction which is due a client will not be collected from the respective counterparty with which the transaction was offset. We continuously monitor the credit quality of our respective counterparties and mark our positions held with each counterparty to market on a daily basis. 
 We enter into securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions to, among other things, finance financial instruments, acquire securities to cover short positions, acquire securities for settlement, and to accommodate counterparties needs. In connection with these agreements and transactions, it is our policy to receive or pledge cash or securities to adequately collateralize such agreements and transactions in accordance with general industry guidelines and practices. The collateral is valued daily and we may require counterparties to deposit additional collateral or return collateral pledged, when appropriate. 
 
 Primary Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our cash and cash equivalents and client cash and securities held for clients are held at banks, deposits at liquidity providers, investments in money market funds that invest in highly liquid investment grade securities including U.S. treasury bills, as well as investments in U.S treasury bills. In general, we believe all of our investments and deposits are of high credit quality and we have more than adequate liquidity to conduct our businesses. 
 Our assets and liabilities may vary significantly from period to period due to changing client requirements, economic and market conditions and our growth. Our total assets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, were 27,466.3 million and 21,938.7 million, respectively. Our operating activities generate or utilize cash as a result of net income or loss earned or incurred during each period and fluctuations in our assets and liabilities. The most significant fluctuations arise from changes in the level of client activity, commodities prices, and changes in the balances of financial instruments and commodities inventory. Certain of our subsidiaries occasionally utilize their margin line credit facilities, on a short-term basis, to meet intraday settlements with the commodity exchanges prior to collecting margin funds from their clients. 
 The majority of the assets of StoneX Financial Inc., StoneX Financial Ltd, StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd, StoneX Markets LLC, and GAIN Capital Group, LLC are restricted from being transferred to us or other affiliates due to specific regulatory requirements. This restriction has no current impact on our ability to meet our cash obligations, and no such impact is expected in the future. 
 We have liquidity and funding policies and processes in place that are intended to maintain sufficient flexibility to address both company-specific and industry liquidity needs. The majority of our excess funds is held with high-quality institutions, under highly-liquid reverse repurchase agreements, U.S. government obligations, interest earning cash deposits and AA-rated money market investments. 
 We do not intend to distribute earnings of our foreign subsidiaries in a taxable manner, and therefore intend to limit distributions to earnings previously taxed in the U.S., or earnings that would qualify for the 100 percent dividends received deduction, and earnings that would not result in any significant foreign taxes. We repatriated 100.0 million and 35.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of earnings previously taxed in the U.S. resulting in no significant incremental taxes. Therefore, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax liability on its investment in foreign subsidiaries. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 On March 1, 2024, we issued 550.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes due 2031, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured second lien basis, by certain subsidiaries of the Company that guarantee the Company s senior committed credit facility and certain of its domestic subsidiaries. 
 The Notes due 2031 will mature on March 1, 2031. Interest on the Notes due 2031 accrues at a rate of 7.875 per annum and is payable semiannually in arrears on September 1 and March 1 of each year. We incurred debt issuance costs of 7.7 million in connection with the issuance of the Notes due 2031, which are being amortized over the term of the notes. 
 In June 2020, we issued 350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes due 2025 at the offering price of 98.5 of the aggregate principal amount, and the interest on the Notes due 2025 accrued at a rate of 8.625 per annum. On June 17, 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 2024, we used part of the proceeds from our issuance of the Notes due 2031 to extinguish the Notes due 2025 when 363.0 million that we had previously deposited into an irrevocable trust as part of an in-substance defeasance was remitted to the note holders to redeem the notes and pay interest due up to that date. Upon completion of the redemption of the Notes due 2025, we recognized a 3.7 million loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs, which were classified as a component of interest expense on corporate funding . 
 Committed Credit Facilities 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had five committed bank credit facilities, totaling 1,205.0 million, of which 227.0 million was outstanding. Additional information regarding our bank credit facilities can be found in Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The credit facilities include: 
 A first-lien senior secured syndicated loan facility under which 500.0 million is available to us for general working capital requirements and capital expenditures. 
 An unsecured line of credit committed until October 28, 2025, under which 250.0 million is available to our wholly owned subsidiary, StoneX Financial Inc. to provide short term funding. 
 A syndicated borrowing facility committed until July 29, 2025, under which 325.0 million is available to our wholly owned subsidiary, StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC StoneX Commodity Solutions to facilitate physical commodity trade and provide marketing, procurement, logistics and price management services to clients across the commodity complex. 
 An unsecured syndicated loan facility committed until October 9, 2025, under which our subsidiary, StoneX Financial Ltd is entitled to borrow up to 115.0 million, subject to certain terms and conditions of the credit agreement. This facility is intended to provide short-term funding. 
 An unsecured revolving credit facility committed until September 5, 2025, under which 15.0 million is available to our wholly owned subsidiary, StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. for general working capital requirements . 
 Our facility agreements contain certain financial covenants relating to financial measures on a consolidated basis, as well as on a stand-alone basis for certain subsidiaries, including minimum tangible net worth, minimum regulatory capital, minimum net unencumbered liquid assets, maximum net loss, minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and maximum funded debt to net worth ratio. Failure to comply with any such covenants could result in the debt becoming payable on demand. As of September 30, 2024, we and our subsidiaries were in compliance with all of our financial covenants under the outstanding facilities. 
 In accordance with required disclosure as part of our first-lien senior secured syndicated revolving loan facility, during the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense directly attributable to trading activities includes 852.4 million in connection with trading activities conducted as an institutional dealer in fixed income securities, and 64.3 million in connection with securities lending activities. 
 As reflected above, certain of our committed credit facilities are scheduled to expire during the next twelve months following the year ended September 30, 2024. We intend to renew or replace all of our facilities as they expire, and based on our liquidity position and capital structure, we believe we will be able to do so. 
 Uncommitted Credit Facilities 
 We have access to certain uncommitted financing agreements that support our ordinary course securities and commodities inventories. The agreements are subject to certain borrowing terms and conditions. As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had 104.9 million and 55.5 million total borrowings outstanding under these uncommitted credit facilities, respectively. 
 
 Other Capital Considerations 
 Our activities are subject to various significant governmental regulations and capital adequacy requirements, both in the U.S. and in the international jurisdictions in which we operate. Our subsidiaries are in compliance with all of their capital regulatory requirements as of September 30, 2024. Additional information on our subsidiaries subject to significant net capital and minimum net capital requirements can be found in Note 21 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 We include client cash and securities that meet the short-term requirement for cash classification to be segregated for regulatory purposes in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We hold a significant amount of U.S. Treasury obligations which represent investment of client funds or client-owned investments pledged in lieu of cash margin. U.S. Treasury securities held with third-party banks or pledged with exchange-clearing organizations representing investments of client funds or which are held for particular clients in lieu of cash margin are included in the beginning and ending cash balances reconciled on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows to the extent that they have an original or acquired maturity of 90 days or less and, therefore, meet the definition of a segregated cash equivalent. Purchases and sales of U.S. Treasury securities representing investment of clients funds and U.S. Treasury securities pledged or redeemed by particular clients in lieu of cash margin are presented as operating uses and sources of cash, respectively, within the operating section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows if they have an original or acquired maturity of greater than 90 days. Typically, there is an offsetting use or source of cash related to the change in the payables to clients. However, we will report a use of cash in periods where segregated U.S. Treasury securities that meet the aforementioned definition of a segregated cash equivalent mature and are replaced with U.S. Treasury securities that have original or acquired maturities that are greater than 90 days. 
 Our cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and segregated cash equivalents increased by 630.9 million from 6,041.7 million as of September 30, 2023 to 6,672.6 million as of September 30, 2024. Net cash of 506.9 million was provided by operating activities, including movements typical of our operations, with large changes coming from financial instruments owned, payable to broker dealers, funds with broker dealers and clearing organizations, securities borrowed and loaned, as well as securities purchased and securities sold. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 included significant inflows related to the Notes due 2031, which resulted in an inflow of 550.0 million. The most significant outflow in the period related to the extinguishment of the Notes due 2025, which resulted in an outflow of 347.9 million. Additionally, we had outflows from payables to lenders under 90 days of 2.2 million, debt issuance costs of 7.7 million, and payments of deferred acquisition costs of 9.6 million. Also, we received 7.7 million related to employee stock option exercises. We did not repurchase any of our outstanding common stock during the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 In the broker-dealer and related trading industries, companies report trading activities in the operating section of the statement of cash flows. Due to the daily price volatility in the commodities market, as well as changes in margin requirements, fluctuations in the balances of deposits held at various exchanges, marketable securities and client commodity accounts may occur from day-to-day. A use of cash, as calculated on the consolidated statement of cash flows, includes unrestricted cash transferred and pledged to the exchanges or guaranty funds. These funds are held in interest-bearing deposit accounts at the exchanges, and based on daily exchange requirements, may be withdrawn and returned to unrestricted cash. Additionally, within our OTC and foreign exchange operations, cash deposits received from clients are reflected as cash provided from operations. Subsequent transfer of these cash deposits to counterparties or exchanges to margin their open positions will be reflected as an operating use of cash to the extent the transfer occurs in a different period than the cash deposit was received. 
 Unrealized gains and losses on open positions revalued at prevailing foreign currency exchange rates are included in trading revenue but have no direct impact on cash flow from operations. Similarly, gains and losses become realized when client transactions are liquidated, though they do not affect cash flow. To some extent, the amount of net deposits made by our clients in any given period is influenced by the impact of gains and losses on our client balances, such that clients may be required to post additional funds to maintain open positions or may choose to withdraw excess funds on open positions. 
 We continuously evaluate opportunities to expand our business. Cash used in investing activities included 65.2 million in capital expenditures for property and equipment and the capitalization of internally developed software during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 46.9 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and 49.5 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Capital expenditures over the past three years have primarily included software development, core information technology hardware acquisitions, and leasehold improvements on office space. 
 Investing activities also include 2.3 million in cash payments for the acquisition of assets and businesses during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6.1 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and 0.2 million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. Further information about business acquisitions is contained in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On August 28, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.5 million shares of our outstanding common stock in open market purchases and private transactions, commencing on October 1, 2024 and ending on September 30, 2025. The repurchases are subject to the discretion of the senior management team to implement our stock repurchase plan, and subject to market conditions and as permitted by securities laws and other legal, regulatory and contractual requirements and covenants. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Apart from what has been disclosed above, there are no known trends, events or uncertainties that have had or are likely to have a material impact on our liquidity, financial condition and capital resources. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our cash payment obligations as of September 30, 2024: 
 Payments Due by Period (in millions) Total Less than 1 year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years After 5 Years Operating lease obligations 239.9 29.3 61.6 53.5 95.5 Purchase obligations (1) 
 57,340.1 57,340.1 Payable to lenders under loans 338.8 171.4 167.4 Senior secured borrowings 543.1 543.1 Contingent acquisition consideration 2.3 1.7 0.6 Post-acquisition commitment 31.1 31.1 Other 111.6 20.3 36.2 24.4 30.7 58,606.9 57,592.2 810.0 78.5 126.2 
 (1) Represents an estimate of contractual purchase commitments in the ordinary course of business primarily for the purchase of precious metals and agricultural and energy commodities. Unpriced contract commitments have been estimated using September 30, 2024 market values. The purchase commitments for less than one year will be partially offset by corresponding sales commitments of 56,275.9 million . 
 Total contractual obligations exclude defined benefit pension obligations. We comply with the minimum funding requirements, and accordingly contributed 0.1 million to our defined benefit pension plans during the year ended September 30, 2024. During the year ending September 30, 2025, we anticipate making future benefit payments of 2.0 million related to the defined benefit plans. Additional information on the funded status of these plans can be found in Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Based upon our current operations, we believe that cash flow from operations, available cash and available borrowings under our credit facilities will be adequate to meet our future liquidity needs. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We are party to certain financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business as a registered securities broker-dealer, futures commission merchant, U.K. based financial services firm, registered swap dealer and from our market-making and proprietary trading in the foreign exchange and commodities and debt securities markets. These financial instruments include futures, forward and foreign exchange contracts, exchange-traded and OTC options, To Be Announced TBA securities and interest rate swaps. Derivative financial instruments involve varying degrees of off-balance sheet market risk whereby changes in the fair values of underlying financial instruments may result in changes in the fair value of the financial instruments in excess of the amounts reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Exposure to market risk is influenced by a number of factors, including the relationships between the financial instruments and our positions, as well as the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the financial instruments are traded. The principal risk components of financial instruments include, among other things, interest rate volatility, the duration of the underlying instruments and changes in commodity pricing and foreign exchange rates. We attempt to manage our exposure to market risk through various techniques. Aggregate market limits have been established and market risk measures are routinely monitored against these limits. Derivative contracts are traded along with cash transactions because of the integrated nature of the markets for such products. We manage the risks associated with derivatives on an aggregate basis along with the risks associated with our proprietary trading and market-making activities in cash instruments as part of our firm-wide risk management policies. 
 A significant portion of these instruments are primarily the execution of orders for commodity futures and options on futures contracts on behalf of our clients, substantially all of which are transacted on a margin basis. Such transactions may expose us to significant credit risk in the event margin requirements are not sufficient to fully cover losses which clients may incur. We control the risks associated with these transactions by requiring clients to maintain margin deposits in compliance with both clearing organization requirements and internal guidelines. We monitor required margin levels daily and, therefore, may require clients to deposit additional collateral or reduce positions when necessary. We also establish contract limits for clients, which are monitored daily. We evaluate each client s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. Clearing, financing, and settlement activities may require us to maintain funds with or pledge securities as collateral with other financial institutions. Generally, these exposures to exchanges are subject to netting of open positions and collateral, while exposures to clients are subject to netting, per the terms of the client agreements, which reduce the exposure to us by permitting receivables and payables with such clients to be offset in the event of a client default. Management believes that the margin deposits held as of September 30, 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 2024 are adequate to minimize the risk of material loss that could be created by positions held at that time. Additionally, we monitor collateral fair value on a daily basis and adjust collateral levels in the event of excess market exposure. Generally, these exposures to both counterparties and clients are subject to master netting agreements and the terms of the client agreements, which reduce our exposure. 
 As a broker-dealer in U.S. Treasury obligations, U.S. government agency obligations, agency mortgage-backed obligations, and asset-backed obligations, we are engaged in various securities trading, borrowing and lending activities serving solely institutional counterparties. Our exposure to credit risk associated with the nonperformance of counterparties in fulfilling their contractual obligations pursuant to these securities transactions and market risk associated with the sale of securities not yet purchased can be directly impacted by volatile trading markets which may impair their ability to satisfy outstanding obligations to us. In the event of non-performance and unfavorable market price movements, we may be required to purchase or sell financial instruments, which may result in a loss to us. 
 We transact OTC and foreign exchange contracts with our clients, and our OTC and foreign exchange trade desks will generally offset the client s transaction simultaneously with one of our trading counterparties or will offset that transaction with a similar, but not identical, position on the exchange. These unmatched transactions are intended to be short-term in nature and are conducted to facilitate the most effective transaction for our client. 
 Additionally, we hold futures and options on futures contracts resulting from market-making and principal trading activities in these product lines. We mitigate our risk by effecting offsetting options with market counterparties or through the purchase or sale of exchange-traded commodities futures. The risk mitigation of offsetting options is not within the documented hedging designation requirements of the Derivatives and Hedging Topic of the ASC. 
 As part of the activities discussed above, we carry short positions. We sell financial instruments that we do not own, borrow the financial instruments to make good delivery, and therefore are obliged to purchase such financial instruments at a future date in order to return the borrowed financial instruments. We record these obligations in the consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, at fair value of the related financial instruments, totaling 2,853.3 million and 3,085.6 million, respectively. These positions are held to offset the risks related to financial assets owned, and reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheets in Financial instruments owned, at fair value , and Physical commodities inventory, net . We will incur losses if the fair value of the Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased , increases subsequent to September 30, 2024, which might be partially or wholly offset by gains in the value of assets held as of September 30, 2024. The totals of 2,853.3 million and 3,085.6 million include a net liability of 265.0 million and 288.3 million for derivatives, based on their fair value as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We do not anticipate significant non-performance by counterparties in the above situations. We have a policy of reviewing the credit standing of each counterparty with which we conduct business. We have credit guidelines that limit our current and potential credit exposure to any one counterparty. We administer limits, monitor credit exposure, and periodically review the financial soundness of counterparties. We manage the credit exposure relating to our trading activities in various ways, including entering into collateral arrangements and limiting the duration of exposure. Risk is mitigated in certain cases by closing out transactions and entering into risk reducing transactions. 
 We are a member of various exchanges that trade and clear futures and option contracts. We are also a member of and provide guaranties to securities clearinghouses and exchanges in connection with client trading activities. Associated with our memberships, we may be required to pay a proportionate share of the financial obligations of another member who may default on its obligations to the exchanges. While the rules governing different exchange memberships vary, in general our guaranty obligations would arise only if the exchange had previously exhausted its resources. In addition, any such guaranty obligation would be apportioned among the other non-defaulting members of the exchange. Our liability under these arrangements is not quantifiable and could exceed the cash and securities we have posted as collateral at the exchanges. However, management believes that the potential for us to be required to make payments under these arrangements is remote. Accordingly, no contingent liability for these arrangements has been recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Increases in our expenses, such as compensation and benefits, transaction-based clearing expenses, occupancy and equipment rental, may result from inflation, which may not be readily recoverable from increasing the prices of our services. While rising interest rates are generally favorable for us, to the extent that inflation has other adverse effects on the financial markets and on the value of the financial instruments held in inventory, it may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Preparing consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that management make estimates and assumptions affecting reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 statements, as well as the recorded amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. The accounting policies discussed in this section are those that we consider the most critical to the financial statements. Therefore, understanding these policies is important to understanding our reported and potential future results of operations and financial position. 
 Valuation of Financial Instruments and Foreign Currencies 
 Description 
 Substantially all financial instruments are reflected in the consolidated financial statements at fair value, or amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature or level of collateralization. These financial instruments include: cash and cash equivalents; cash, securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations; securities purchased under agreements to resell; securities borrowed; deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties; financial instruments owned; securities sold under agreements to repurchase; securities loaned; and financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased. Unrealized gains and losses related to these financial instruments, when we are principal to the transaction, are reflected in earnings. 
 Foreign currency translation is an estimate critical to consolidating in our reporting currency. The value of certain assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, including foreign currencies sold, not yet purchased, are converted into their U.S. dollar equivalents at the foreign exchange rates in effect at the close of business at the end of the accounting period. For foreign currency transactions completed during each reporting period, the relevant exchange rate at the time is used before translation into U.S. dollar equivalent for consolidated reporting. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 At each period end, using professional judgment and industry expertise, we select fair values for financial instruments. Where available, we price from independent sources such as listed market prices, third-party pricing services, or broker dealer price quotations. We use fair values derived from pricing models that consider current market and contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments or commodities, as well as time value and yield curve or volatility factors underlying the positions. In some cases, even though the value of a security is derived from an independent market price, or broker or dealer quote, we may need to make certain assumptions to determine the fair value. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 Our valuation assumptions may be incorrect, and the actual value realized upon closing any position could be different from estimated carrying value, because of changes in prices, assumptions, or the overall business environment. We believe that the likelihood that of such an outcome is low and, if it should be the case, it is likely to not be significant. This view is supported by a few key factors: 
 Valuations for substantially all of the financial instruments, most of which are in highly liquid markets, are available from independent, well-known publishers of market information. 
 We have robust controls and procedures surrounding pricing and our various technologies involved in it. 
 The relevant positions are generally short-term in nature. 
 The Company holds positions in a wide range of products, such that an error in a limited number of prices is unlikely to cause a significant change to the overall result and pricing issues in a wide array of products is very unlikely. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Description 
 A significant portion of our revenues are derived principally, from realized and unrealized trading income in securities, derivative instruments, commodities and foreign currencies purchased or sold for our account. We record realized and unrealized trading income on a trade date basis. We state financial instruments owned and financial instruments sold, not yet purchased and foreign currencies sold, not yet purchased, at fair value with related changes in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflected in Principal gains, net in the Consolidated Income Statements. We record fee and interest income on the accrual basis and dividend income is recognized on the ex-dividend date. 
 
 A substantial amount of our revenues derive from Commission and clearing fees . These revenue types involve less complexity than Principal gains, net would, as, generally, we are an agent in the underlying transactions. We recognize revenues on a trade date basis for the transactions, as, typically, our obligation is met at that point and there are no future obligations to consider. 
 We recognize revenue on commodities that are purchased for physical delivery to clients when we meet our obligations to our clients and in an amount equal to the consideration we expect to receive at that point in time. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 Judgments, outside of the valuation considerations previously discussed, relate to the timing and appropriateness of revenue recognition and whether we have fulfilled our performance obligations. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 If we misapply the relevant guidance or incorrectly recognize revenue that we have not earned, earnings may be misstated. We do not believe that such a possibility is reasonably likely, because we have developed systems and controls for each of our businesses to capture all known transactions in the appropriate reporting period. In addition, the overwhelming majority of our revenue is recognized upon trade consummation, as we satisfy our performance obligations, and we do not need to estimate when that may have occurred. 
 Income Taxes 
 Description 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. 
 Judgment and Uncertainties 
 Judgment is required in determining the consolidated income taxes and in evaluating tax positions, including evaluating income tax uncertainties. As a result, the company recognizes tax liabilities based on estimates of whether additional taxes and interest will be due. We currently have an immaterial amount of unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method, recognizing the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled, with any change in tax rates recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Management considers all relevant evidence for each jurisdiction to determine valuation allowances. If we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets we expect to realize, we adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 We believe that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open audit years. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of judgments about future events. To the extent circumstances arise requiring us to change our judgment regarding the adequacy of existing tax accounts, we do not believe such a change is likely to be material to our financial statements. The tax accounts in total are relatively immaterial to the balance sheet, which, when combined with their likelihood of being misstated, particularly our valuation allowances given our positive earnings trend in recent years, results in a generally insignificant risk to us. 
 
 Accounting Standards Update 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which will require the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 will also require the Company to disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. ASU 2023-09 is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2026. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance allows for adoption using either a prospective or retrospective transition method. We are currently evaluating the impact that adopting this guidance will have on our disclosures. 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures ASU 2023-07 ), which will require the Company to disclose segment expenses that are significant and regularly provided to the Company s chief operating decision maker CODM ). In addition, ASU 2023-07 will require the Company to disclose the title and position of its CODM and how the CODM uses segment profit or loss information in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. ASU 2023-09 is effective for the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2026. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance should be applied retrospectively unless impracticable. We are currently evaluating the impact that adopting this guidance will have on our disclosures. 
 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules Pillar Two aim to ensure that multinationals with revenues in excess of EUR 750 million pay a minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15 (minimum tax) in each jurisdiction in which they operate. EU member states are required to adopt the OECD Pillar Two rules, some countries have already adopted and other non-U.S. countries are expected to follow suit. Under these rules, we 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 may be required to pay a top-up tax to the extent that our effective tax rate in any given country is below 15 . The United States is not expected to pass Pillar Two legislation in the near term, but the top-up tax can be collected by other countries. The Pillar Two legislation is effective for the Company with the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2024. The Company is continuing to evaluate the potential impact on future periods of the Pillar Two Framework, pending legislative adoption by individual countries, as such changes could result in an increase in its effective tax rate. We expect additional guidance or legislation to be issued by the OECD and various jurisdictions which could impact any minimum tax we owe in future periods, possibly materially, and our effective tax rate could increase in 2025 and thereafter. This minimum tax, if any, will be recognized in the period in which it is incurred. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 See also Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk and Concentrations of Credit Risk . 
 Market Risk 
 We conduct our market-making and trading activities predominantly as a principal, which subjects our capital to significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, absolute and relative price movements, price volatility and changes in liquidity, over which we have virtually no control. Our exposure to market risk varies in accordance with the volume of client-driven market-making transactions, the size of the proprietary positions and the volatility of the financial instruments traded. 
 We seek to mitigate exposure to market risk by utilizing a variety of qualitative and quantitative techniques: 
 Diversification of business activities and instruments; 
 Limitations on positions; 
 Allocation of capital and limits based on estimated weighted risks; and 
 Daily monitoring of positions and mark-to-market profitability. 
 We utilize derivative products in a trading capacity as a dealer to satisfy client needs and mitigate risk. We manage risks from both derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments on a consolidated basis. The risks of derivatives should not be viewed in isolation, but in aggregate with our other trading activities. 
 We are exposed to market risk in connection with our self-directed/retail trading activities. Because we act as counterparty to our self-directed/retail clients transactions, we are exposed to risk on each trade that the value of our position will decline. Accordingly, accurate and efficient management of our net exposure is a high priority, and we have developed policies addressing both our automated and manual procedures to manage our exposure. These risk-management policies and procedures are established and reviewed regularly by the Risk Committee of our Board of Directors. Our risk-management policies require quantitative analyses by instrument, as well as assessment of a range of market inputs, including trade size, dealing rate, client margin and market liquidity. Our risk-management procedures require our team of senior traders to monitor risk exposure on a continuous basis and update senior management both informally over the course of the trading day and formally through intraday and end of day reporting. A key component of our approach to managing market risk is that we do not initiate market positions for our own account in anticipation of future movements in the relative prices of products we offer. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Management believes that the volatility of revenues is a key indicator of the effectiveness of its risk management techniques. The graph below summarizes volatility of our daily revenue, determined on a marked-to-market basis, during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 In our Institutional market-making and trading activities, we maintain inventories of equity and debt securities. In our Commercial segment, our positions include physical commodities inventories, precious metals on lease, forwards, futures and options on futures, and OTC derivatives. Our commodity trading activities are managed as one consolidated book for each commodity encompassing both cash positions and derivative instruments. We monitor the aggregate position for each commodity in equivalent physical ounces, metric tons, or other relevant unit. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 In the ordinary course of our operations, we have interest rate risk from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect the values of financial instruments and impact interest income earned. Within our domestic institutional dealer in fixed income securities business, we maintain a significant amount of trading assets and liabilities which are sensitive to changes in interest rates. These trading activities primarily consist of securities trading in connection with U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agency, agency mortgage-backed and agency asset-backed obligations as well as investment grade, high-yield, convertible and emerging markets debt securities. Derivative instruments, which consist of futures, TBA securities and forward settling transactions, are used to manage risk exposures in the trading inventory. We enter into TBA securities transactions for the sole purpose of managing risk associated with mortgage-backed securities. 
 In addition, we generate interest income from the positive spread earned on client deposits. We typically invest in U.S. Treasury bills, notes, and obligations issued by government sponsored entities, reverse repurchase agreements involving U.S. Treasury bills and government obligations or AA-rated money market funds. In some instances, we maintain interest earning cash deposits with banks, clearing organizations and counterparties. We have an investment policy which establishes acceptable standards of credit quality and limits the amount of funds that can be invested within a particular fund, institution, clearing organization or counterparty. We estimate that as of September 30, 2024, an immediate 25 basis point decrease in short-term interest rates would result in approximately 5.8 million less in annual net income. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 We manage interest expense using a combination of variable and fixed rate debt. The debt instruments are carried at their unpaid principal balance which approximates fair value. As of September 30, 2024, 338.8 million of outstanding principal debt was variable-rate debt. We are subject to earnings and liquidity risks for changes in the interest rate on this debt. As of September 30, 2024, 550.0 million of outstanding principal debt was fixed-rate long-term debt. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Currency risk arises from the possibility that fluctuations in foreign exchange rates will impact the value of our earnings and assets. Entities that have assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the primary economic environment in which the entity operates are subject to remeasurement. Principally, all sales are denominated in the functional currency of the subsidiary, while related operating costs are denominated in the currency of the local country and translated into USD for consolidated reporting purposes. Although the majority of the assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are denominated in the functional currency of the subsidiary, they may also hold assets or liabilities denominated in other currencies. As a result, our results of operations and financial position are exposed to changing currency rates. We have executed hedging transactions in relation to certain currencies to mitigate our exposure to volatility in those certain foreign currency exchange rates. From time-to-time, we may consider entering into larger hedges in those certain contracts or hedging transactions in additional currencies to mitigate our exposure to more foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging transactions may not be successful. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 StoneX Group Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of StoneX Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of cash flows, and consolidated statements of stockholders equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated November 27, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue recognition for unrealized gains and losses from market making activities 
 As discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized revenue of 1,189.6 million for principal gains, net from financial transactions or contracts for which the Company acted as principal, a portion of which related to unrealized gains and losses derived from over-the-counter derivatives, and foreign exchange market making activities (collectively, Unrealized Gains and Losses). Such Unrealized Gains and Losses represent the change in fair value for those financial instruments owned and sold, not yet purchased that are held by the Company as of year-end and reflected in earnings. 
 We identified revenue recognition related to certain Unrealized Gains and Losses as a critical audit matter. A high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment was involved in determining the sufficiency and timing of audit procedures required to evaluate the existence and accuracy of certain Unrealized Gains and Losses reflected in earnings as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to Unrealized Gains and Losses, including controls over the computations of Unrealized Gains and Losses, as well as controls ensuring that trading subledger values were not modified within these computations. We evaluated Unrealized Gains and Losses as of September 30, 2024 by assessing the Company s revenue recognition, comparing inputs to Unrealized Gains and Losses computations prepared by the Company to source documents and recalculating Unrealized Gains and Losses recorded. We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to Unrealized Gains and Losses by evaluating the cumulative results of the audit procedures and potential management bias. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 November 27, 2024 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 StoneX Group Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited StoneX Group Inc, and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated statements of stockholders equity, for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated November 27, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 November 27, 2024 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 StoneX Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except par value and share amounts) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Cash, securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations (including million and million at fair value at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Collateralized transactions: Securities purchased under agreements to resell Securities borrowed Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties, net (including million and million at fair value at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Receivable from clients, net (including ) million a nd ) million at fair value at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Notes receivable, net Income taxes receivable Financial instruments owned, at fair value (includes securities pledged as collateral that can be sold or repledged of million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Physical commodities inventory, net (including million and million at fair value at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Deferred tax assets Property and equipment, net Operating right of use assets Goodwill and intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities (including million and million at fair value at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Operating lease liabilities Payables to: Clients (including million and million at fair value at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties (including ) million and million at fair value at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Lenders under loans Senior secured borrowings, net Income taxes payable Deferred tax liabilities Collateralized transactions: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Securities loaned Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) par value. Authorized shares; shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 
 Common stock in treasury, at cost. shares at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 ) ) Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 StoneX Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Income Statements 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 2022 Revenues: Sales of physical commodities Principal gains, net Commission and clearing fees Consulting, management, and account fees Interest income Total revenues Cost of sales of physical commodities Operating revenues Transaction-based clearing expenses Introducing broker commissions Interest expense Interest expense on corporate funding Net operating revenues Compensation and other expenses: Compensation and benefits Trading systems and market information Professional fees Non-trading technology and support Occupancy and equipment rental Selling and marketing Travel and business development Communications Depreciation and amortization Bad debts, net of recoveries Other Total compensation and other expenses Gain on acquisitions and other gains, net Income before tax Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 StoneX Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Cash flow hedges ) Pension liabilities adjustment ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 StoneX Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating right of use assets Provision for bad debts, net of recoveries Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Amortization and extinguishment of debt issuance costs Actuarial adjustment on pension and postretirement benefits ) Amortization of share-based compensation expense Gain on acquisition ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net: Securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) ) Securities borrowed ) Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, net ) ) Receivable from clients, net ) ) ) Notes receivable, net ) Income taxes receivable ) Financial instruments owned, at fair value ) ) Physical commodities inventory, net ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Payable to clients Payable to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties ) Income taxes payable ) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Securities loaned ) ) Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value ) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Collection of notes receivable Proceeds from stock sales of clearing organization memberships Cash paid for acquisitions of businesses and assets, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchase of exchange memberships and common stock ) Purchase of property and equipment and internally developed software ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in lenders under loans with maturities 90 days or less ) ) Proceeds from lenders under loans with maturities greater than 90 days Repayments of lenders under loans with maturities greater than 90 days ) ) ) Repayments of senior secured term loan ) Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes Repayment of senior secured notes ) ) Deferred payments on acquisitions ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Debt issuance costs ) Shares withheld to cover taxes on vesting of equity awards ) Exercise of stock options Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rates on cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and segregated cash equivalents ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and segregated cash equivalents ) ) Cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and segregated cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents, and segregated cash equivalents at end of period 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 (continued) Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid, net of cash refunds Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Identified intangible assets and goodwill on acquisitions Additional consideration payable related to acquisitions Acquisition of businesses: Assets acquired Liabilities acquired Total net assets acquired 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents and segregated cash equivalents reported within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Cash and cash equivalents Cash segregated under federal and other regulations (1) 
 Securities segregated under federal and other regulations (1) 
 Cash segregated and deposited with or pledged to exchange-clearing organizations and other futures commission merchants FCMs (2) 
 Securities segregated and pledged to exchange-clearing organizations (2) 
 Total cash, segregated cash, cash equivalents and segregated cash equivalents shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 (1) million , million, and million as of September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, included within Cash, securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 (2) million , million, and million as of September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, included within Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 StoneX Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in millions) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net Total Balances as of September 30, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Balances as of September 30, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Exercise of stock options Shares withheld to cover taxes on vesting of equity awards ) ) Share-based compensation Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 StoneX Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 
 countries. These clients include more than commercial, institutional, and payments clients and over self-directed/retail clients. The Company s clients include commercial entities, asset managers, regional, national and introducing broker-dealers, insurance companies, brokers, institutional investors and professional traders, commercial and investment banks, and government and non-governmental organizations NGOs ). 
 Basis of Presentation 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 of the consolidated operating revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. The Company designated Argentina s economy as highly inflationary for accounting purposes and has accounted for its Argentinean entities using the U.S. dollar as the functional currency. The Company recorded translation gains through earnings of million, million, and million for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had net monetary liabilities denominated in Argentine pesos of million, compared to net monetary liabilities of million at September 30, 2023. The Company held cash and cash equivalents, including amounts in segregation, denominated in Argentine pesos of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had net non-monetary assets denominated in Argentine pesos of million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash, securities, and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations consisted of cash held at banks of approximately million and million, respectively, and commodities warehouse receipts of approximately million and million, respectively (see fair value measurements discussion in Note 3). 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 More details can be found in Note 12. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties also includes guaranty deposits with clearing exchanges. The guaranty deposits are held by the clearing exchanges for use in potential default situations by one or more members of the clearing exchanges. The guaranty deposits may be applied to the Company s obligations to the clearing exchange, or to the clearing exchange s obligations to unrelated parties. 
 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties also include securities pledged to clearing exchanges. These securities are either pledged to the Company by its clients or represent investments of client funds. It is the Company s practice to include client-owned securities on its Consolidated Balance Sheets, as the rights to those securities have been transferred to the Company under the terms of the relevant futures trading agreements. Securities pledged primarily include U.S. Treasury obligations, foreign government obligations, and certain ETFs. Securities that are not client-owned, and represent an investment of client funds, are adjusted to fair value with associated changes in unrealized gains or losses recorded in Interest income in the Consolidated Income Statements. For client-owned securities, the change in fair value is offset against the payable to clients with no impact recognized in the Consolidated Income Statements. The total fair value of such client owned and non-client owned securities included within Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, net was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Management has considered guidance required by ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing as it relates to securities pledged by clients to margin their futures and options on futures trading accounts. Management believes that the transferor surrenders control over those assets because, under the guidance, the transferee relinquishes control of the assets to the Company, among other factors. Under this guidance, the Company reflects the client collateral assets and corresponding liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties also includes amounts due from clearing exchanges for unrealized gains and losses associated with clients options on futures contracts. See discussion in the Financial Instruments section below for additional information on the Company s accounting policies for derivative contracts. For client-owned derivative contracts, the fair value is offset against the payable to clients with no impact recognized on the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 The Company maintains client omnibus and proprietary accounts with other clearing organizations. The equity balances in those accounts, along with any margin cash or securities deposited with the clearing organizations are included in deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties. 
 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties also include amounts due from or due to clearing exchanges for daily variation settlements on open futures and options on futures positions. The variation settlements due from or due to clearing exchanges are paid in cash on the following business day. Variation settlements equal the daily settlement of futures contracts and premiums on options on futures contracts. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 82 

Table of Contents 

. 
 
 from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill or bargain purchase gain. Upon conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to 
 83 

Table of Contents 

goodwill impairment charges were recorded for any of the periods presented, nor were any indicators present. 
 Identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit, ranging from five to . Both definite and indefinite lived identifiable intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset s or asset group s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. Residual value is presumed to be zero for all identifiable intangible assets. intangible impairment charges were recorded for any of the periods presented, nor were any indicators present. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

For further information regarding the types of financial instruments owned and sold, not yet purchased, as well as the related valuation techniques refer to Note 3. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

86 

Table of Contents 

Refer to Note 15 for further discussion of the Company s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 19 for further information on the Company s income taxes. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value of per share, in one or more classes or series to be established by the Company s Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, preferred shares were outstanding and the Company s Board of Directors had not established any class or series of shares. 
 Common Stock Split 
 On November 7, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a three-for-two split of its common stock, to be effected as a stock dividend. The stock split was effective on November 24, 2023, and entitled each shareholder of record as of November 17, 2023 to receive one additional share of common stock for every two shares owned and cash in lieu of fractional shares. 
 The stock split increased the number of shares of common stock outstanding. All share and per share amounts contained herein have been retroactively adjusted for the stock split. 
 The shares of common stock retain a par value of per share. Accordingly, an amount equal to the par value of the increased shares resulting from the stock split was reclassified from Additional paid-in-capital to Common stock. 
 
 Note 2 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Allocation to participating securities ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average number of: Common shares outstanding Dilutive potential common shares outstanding: Share-based awards Diluted shares outstanding Earnings per share - basic Earnings per share - diluted 
 The dilutive effect of share-based awards is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method, which includes consideration of unamortized share-based compensation expense. 
 Options to purchase , and shares of common stock for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 Note 3 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 90 

Table of Contents 

 91 

Table of Contents 

 Money market mutual funds Cash and cash equivalents Commodities warehouse receipts Securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations U.S. Treasury obligations To be announced ("TBA") and forward settling securities ) Foreign government obligations Derivatives ) Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties, net ) Receivable from clients, net - Derivatives ) Equity securities Corporate and municipal bonds U.S. Treasury obligations U.S. government agency obligations Foreign government obligations Agency mortgage-backed obligations Asset-backed obligations Derivatives ) Commodities warehouse receipts Exchange firm common stock Cash flow hedges Mutual funds and other Financial instruments owned ) Physical commodities inventory Total assets at fair value ) Liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities - contingent liabilities Payables to clients - Derivatives ) TBA and forward settling securities ) Derivatives ) ) Payable to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties ) ) Equity securities Foreign government obligations Corporate and municipal bonds U.S. Treasury obligations U.S. government agency obligations Agency mortgage-backed obligations Asset-backed obligations Derivatives ) Cash flow hedges Other Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased ) Total liabilities at fair value ) 
 (1) Represents cash collateral and the impact of netting across the levels of the fair value hierarchy. Netting among positions classified within the same level are included in that level. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Money market mutual funds Cash and cash equivalents Commodities warehouse receipts Securities and other assets segregated under federal and other regulations U.S. Treasury obligations TBA and forward settling securities ) Foreign government obligations Derivatives ) Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties, net ) Receivable from clients, net - Derivatives ) Equity securities Corporate and municipal bonds U.S. Treasury obligations U.S. government agency obligations Foreign government obligations Agency mortgage-backed obligations Asset-backed obligations Derivatives ) Commodities leases Commodities warehouse receipts Exchange firm common stock Cash flow hedges Mutual funds and other Financial instruments owned ) Physical commodities inventory Total assets at fair value ) Liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities - contingent liabilities Payables to clients - Derivatives ) TBA and forward settling securities ) Derivatives ) ) Payable to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties ) Equity securities Foreign government obligations Corporate and municipal bonds U.S. Treasury obligations U.S. government agency obligations Agency mortgage-backed obligations Derivatives ) Cash flow hedges Other Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased ) Total liabilities at fair value ) 
 (1) Represents cash collateral and the impact of netting across the levels of the fair value hierarchy. Netting among positions classified within the same level are included in that level. 
 Realized and unrealized gains and losses are included in Principal gains, net , Interest income , and Cost of sales of physical commodities in the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 million at September 30, 2024 and is included in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The acquisition of Trust Advisory Group, Ltd., as further discussed in Note 20, included a contingent earn-out. Pursuant to the consideration agreement, the Company is required to make an additional future cash payment based on a ratio of the business line s net revenue. The balance of the earn-out was million at September 30, 2024 and is included in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Additional Disclosures about the Fair Value of Financial Instruments that are not carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at Fair Value 
 Many, but not all, of the financial instruments that the Company holds are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The following represents financial instruments in which the ending balances at September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not carried at fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP on our Consolidated Balance Sheets: 
 Short-term financial instruments: The carrying values of short-term financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, cash segregated under federal and other regulations, securities purchased under agreements to re-sell and securities sold under agreements to re-purchase, and securities borrowed and loaned are recorded at amounts that approximate the fair value of these instruments due to their short-term nature and level of collateralization. These financial instruments generally expose the Company to limited credit risk and have no stated maturities or have short-term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate market rates. Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents and cash segregated under federal and other regulations are classified as Level 1. Securities purchased under agreements to re-sell and securities sold under agreements to re-purchase, and securities borrowed and loaned are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy as they are generally overnight, or short-term in nature, and are collateralized by common stock, U.S. Treasury obligations, U.S. government agency obligations, agency mortgage-backed obligations, and asset-backed obligations. 
 Receivables and other assets: Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, receivable from clients, net, notes receivables, net and certain other assets are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. 
 Payables: Payables to clients and payables to brokers-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. They are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. 
 Lenders under loans : Payables to lenders under loans carry variable rates of interest and thus approximate fair value and are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. 
 Senior secured borrowings, net : Senior secured borrowings, net includes the Company's Senior Secured Notes due 2031 (the Notes due 2031 ), as further described in Note 11 with a carrying value of million as of September 30, 2024. The carrying value of the Notes due 2031 represent their principal amounts net of unamortized deferred financing costs. As of September 30, 2024, the Notes due 2031 had a fair value of million. They were classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4 
 million as of September 30, 2024 includes million for derivative contracts not designated as hedges, which represent a liability to the Company based on their fair values as of September 30, 2024. 
 Derivatives 
 The Company utilizes derivative products in its trading capacity as a dealer in order to satisfy client needs and mitigate risk. The Company manages risks from both derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments on a consolidated basis. The risks of derivatives should not be viewed in isolation, but in aggregate with the Company s other trading activities. The Company s derivative positions are included in the Consolidating Balance Sheets in Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties; Receivable from clients, net; Financial instruments owned , net ; Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value; Payables to clients; and Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties . 
 OTC commodity derivatives Exchange-traded foreign exchange derivatives OTC foreign exchange derivatives Exchange-traded interest rate derivatives OTC interest rate derivatives Exchange-traded equity index derivatives OTC equity and indices derivatives TBA and forward settling securities Total derivative contracts not accounted for as hedges Derivative contracts designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Foreign currency forwards Total derivative contracts designated as hedging instruments Gross fair value of derivative contracts Impact of netting and collateral ) ) ) ) Total fair value included in Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties, net 
 Total fair value included in Receivable from clients, net 
 ) ) Total fair value included in Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
 Total fair value included in Payables to clients 
 Total fair value included in Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and counterparties 
 ) Fair value included in Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s derivative contract volume for open positions was approximately million and million contracts, respectively. 
 The Company s derivative contracts are principally held in its Institutional, Commercial, and Self-Directed/Retail segments. The Company provides its Institutional segment clients access to exchanges at which they can carry out their trading strategies. The Company assists its Commercial segment clients in protecting the value of their future production by entering into option 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 year from the end of the current period. 
 The Company also uses foreign currency derivatives, in the form of forward contracts, to hedge risk related to the variability in exchange rates relative to certain of the Company s non-USD expenditures. These hedges are designated cash flow hedges, through which the Company mitigates variability in exchange rates by exchanging foreign currency for USD at fixed exchange rates at a pre-determined future date, or several cash flows at several pre-determined future dates. While the forward contracts mitigate exchange rate variability risk, they do introduce credit risk, which is the possibility that the Company s trading counterparty fails to meet its obligation. The Company minimizes this risk by entering into its forward contracts with highly-rated, multi-national institutions. These hedges will all mature within years from the end of the current period. 
 The Company assesses the effectiveness of its hedges at each reporting period to identify any required reclassifications into current earnings. During the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not designate any portion of its hedges as ineffective and thus did not have any values in current earnings related to ineffective hedges. 
 
 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivative assets, net expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Total expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings 
 Liability Derivatives Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased Foreign currency forward contracts Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivative liabilities, net expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months: 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign currency forward contracts Total expected to be released from Other comprehensive income into earnings 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign currency forward contracts: Foreign currency forward contracts to purchase Polish Zloty: Local currency z z USD Foreign currency forward contracts to purchase British Pound Sterling: Local currency USD ) Foreign currency forward contracts Compensation and benefits Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) ) Amount of gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income as a result of a forecasted transaction that is no longer probable of occurring 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Total 
 
 Foreign exchange Interest rate, equities, and indices TBA and forward settling securities ) Net gains from derivative contracts 
 Credit Risk 
 In the normal course of business, the Company purchases and sells financial instruments, commodities and foreign currencies as either principal or agent on behalf of its clients. If either the client or counterparty fails to perform, the Company may be required to discharge the obligations of the nonperforming party. In such circumstances, the Company may sustain a loss if the fair value of the financial instrument or foreign currency is different from the contract value of the transaction. 
 The majority of the Company s transactions and, consequently, the concentration of its credit exposure are with commodity exchanges, clients, broker-dealers and other financial institutions. These activities involve both collateralized and uncollateralized arrangements and may result in credit exposure in the event that a counterparty fails to meet its contractual 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Note 5 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. The allowance for doubtful accounts related to receivable from clients was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had allowance for doubtful accounts related to notes receivable as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (Recovery) Provision for bad debts (1) 
 ) Allowance charge-offs ) ) ) Other Balance, end of year (1) An additional million, million, and million is included in bad debt expense for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, on the consolidated income statement, which is not included in the allowance. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6 
 Precious metals - held by broker-dealer subsidiary Precious metals - held by non-broker-dealer subsidiaries Physical commodities inventory 
 Physical Ag Energy consists of agricultural commodity inventories, including corn, soybeans, wheat, dried distillers grain, canola, sorghum, coffee, cocoa, cotton, and various energy commodity inventories. Agricultural inventories have reliable, readily determinable and realizable market prices, have relatively insignificant costs of disposal and are available for immediate delivery. The Company records changes to these values in Cost of sales of physical commodities on the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 Note 7 
 to years. During the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, depreciation expense was million, million, and million respectively. 
 The Company capitalized million and million of software development costs during the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 The Company wrote off million of fully depreciated property and equipment assets during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 
 Software Equipment Leasehold improvements Capitalized software development Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8 
 Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Total Goodwill 
 The Company recorded million and million in foreign exchange translation decline related to Goodwill for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company recorded additional goodwill of million during the year ended September 30, 2024 within the Self-Directed/Retail reportable segment related to the initial purchase price allocation for the acquisition of Trust Advisory Group, Ltd. TAG ), as further discussed in Note 20. 
 
 Note 9 
 million of customer list assets and wrote off million of fully during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company recorded million of customer list assets and million of trade name assets related to the acquisition of CDI during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 ) ) Software programs/platforms ) ) Client base ) ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Website domains Business licenses Total intangible assets not subject to amortization Total intangible assets ) ) 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 and thereafter 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10 - 
 or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from three to , and some of which include the Company s option to terminate the leases within of the balance sheet date. In determining the term of certain office space leases, the Company has not considered any renewal options in the lease terms of its office space leases as the Company does not believe it is reasonably certain that any of the rights will be exercised. Further, the Company has not included periods after termination date, if the Company holds a termination option and believes it is reasonably certain to exercise. 
 As the office space leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company applies a collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. For office space leases executed by subsidiaries, including foreign subsidiaries, the Company has applied its incremental borrowing rate. The Company believes this is a reasonable approach as its subsidiaries either do not have their own treasury functions or the credit facilities available to its subsidiaries do not permit financing of right-of-use assets. Additionally, in certain instances, the parent company provides a guaranty of the lease payments to the lessor under office space leases executed by its subsidiaries. The Company believes that pricing subsidiary leases is more significantly influenced by the credit standing of the parent company than that of its subsidiaries. 
 Certain office space leases contain variable lease payments related to fair market rent adjustments and local inflation index measures. The Company estimates variable lease payments based upon information available at lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 The Company has elected to not separate lease components from nonlease components for all office space leases. The Company does not have any financing leases as of September 30, 2024. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is reported within Occupancy and equipment rental on the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded operating lease right-of-use assets of million and million, respectively, and operating lease liabilities of million and million, respectively. 
 Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Lease term and discount rate information: Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 (1) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. (2) Elements of operating lease costs are included as components of Cost of sales of physical commodities and Occupancy and equipment rental in the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 2026 2027 2028 2029 After 2029 Total lease payments 
 Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Note 11 
 million, subject to the terms and conditions for these facilities. The amounts outstanding under these credit facilities carry variable rates of interest, thus approximating fair value. The committed credit facilities have covenant requirements that generally relate to various leverage, debt to net worth, fixed charge, tangible net worth, excess net capital, or profitability measures, as agreed for each. The Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all relevant covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Uncommitted Credit Facilities 
 The Company has access to certain uncommitted financing agreements that support its ordinary course securities and commodities business activities. The agreements are subject to certain borrowing terms and conditions. 
 Notes Payable to Bank 
 The Company has notes payable to bank related to financing certain equipment which secures the notes. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 On March 1, 2024, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of its Notes due 2031 at the offering price of of the aggregate principal amount. The Notes due 2031 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured second lien basis by each of the Company s existing and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness under the Company s senior secured revolving credit facility and certain other senior indebtedness. Interest related to these notes is payable twice annually, in arrears. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million, which are being amortized over the term of the Notes due 2031 under the effective interest method. 
 On June 17, 2024 , the Company used part of the proceeds from its Notes due 2031 to extinguish its Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the Notes due 2025 when million that the Company had previously deposited into an irrevocable trust as part of an in-substance defeasance was remitted to the note holders to redeem the notes and pay interest due up to that date. 
 In accordance with ASC 470-50 Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments , the transactions noted above were determined to be an extinguishment of the Notes due 2025 and an issuance of new debt. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt in the amount of million included in Interest expense on corporate funding on the Consolidated Income Statements for the year ended September 30, 2024, of which million represented the write off of deferred financing costs and million represented the write off of original issue discount. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

SOFR - 
 (5) StoneX Financial Inc. None October 28, 2025 (7) (5) StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC Certain assets July 29, 2025 Base rate - 
 SOFR - 
 (5) StoneX Financial Ltd None October 9, 2025 (6) (5) StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. None September 5, 2025 (5) Uncommitted Credit Facilities Various Various Various (5) Notes payable to bank Certain equipment December 1, 2025 Index rate plus 
 (5) Senior Secured Notes due 2031 (2) March 1, 2031 (4) Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (2) June 15, 2025 (3) Total outstanding borrowings 
 (1) The StoneX Group Inc. senior committed credit facility is a revolving facility secured by substantially all of the assets of StoneX Group Inc. and certain subsidiaries identified in the credit facility agreement as obligors, and pledged equity of certain subsidiaries identified in the credit facility as limited guarantors. 
 (2) The Notes and the related guarantees are secured by liens on substantially all of the Company s and the guarantors assets, subject to certain customary and other exceptions and permitted liens. The liens on the assets that secure the Notes and the related guarantees are contractually subordinated to the liens on the assets that secure the Company s and the guarantors existing and future first lien secured indebtedness, including indebtedness under the Company s senior committed credit facility. 
 (3) Included in Senior secured borrowings, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts outstanding under the Notes due 2025 are reported net of unamortized original issue discount and unamortized deferred financing costs of million as of September 30, 2023. The Notes due 2025 were extinguished as of June 30, 2024. 
 (4) Included in Senior secured borrowings, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . Amounts outstanding under the Notes due 2031 are reported net of unamortized deferred financing costs of million . 
 
 (5) Included in Lenders under loans on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 (6) The facility was amended on October 9, 2024 to extend the maturity date to October 9, 2025. The facility was amended on October 31, 2024 to increase the amount available from million to million. 
 
 (7) The facility was amended on October 29, 2024 to extend the maturity date to October 28, 2025 , and to increase the amount available from million to million. 
 As reflected above, million of the Company s committed credit facilities are scheduled to expire during the upcoming fiscal year. The Company intends to renew or replace all of its facilities as they expire over time, and based on the Company s liquidity position and capital structure, the Company believes it will be able to do so. 
 
 Note 12 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Securities loaned Gross amount of secured financing 
 September 30, 2023 Overnight and Open Less than 30 Days 30-90 Days Over 90 Days Total Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Securities loaned Gross amount of secured financing 
 
 Offsetting of Collateralized Transactions 
 
 U.S. government agency obligations and municipal bonds Asset-based obligations Agency mortgage-backed obligations Foreign government obligations Corporate bonds Total securities sold under agreement to repurchase Securities loaned Equity securities Total securities loaned Gross amount of secured financing 
 The following tables provide the netting of securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed and securities loaned as of the periods indicated (in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 Offsetting of collateralized transactions: Gross Amounts Recognized Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Securities borrowed Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Securities loaned 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 ) Securities borrowed Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Securities loaned 
 The Company pledges securities owned as collateral in both tri-party and bilateral arrangements. Pledged securities under tri-party arrangements may not be repledged or sold by the Company s counterparties, whereas bilaterally pledged securities may be. The approximate fair value of pledged securities that can be sold or repledged by the Company s counterparties has been parenthetically disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company receives securities as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowed agreements, and margin securities held on behalf of counterparties. This collateral is used by the Company to cover financial instruments sold, not yet purchased; to obtain financing in the form of repurchase agreements; and to meet counterparties needs under lending arrangement and matched-booked trading strategies. Additional securities collateral is obtained as necessary to ensure such transactions are adequately collateralized. In many instances, the Company is permitted by contract to repledge the securities received as collateral, which may include pledges to cover collateral requirements for tri-party repurchase agreements. 
 Securities received as collateral that may be repledged Securities received as collateral that may be repledged covering securities sold short Repledged securities borrowed and client securities held under custodial clearing arrangements to collateralize securities loaned agreements 
 
 Note 13 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 million as of September 30, 2024, due from account holders in connection with the liquidation of their accounts in accordance with StoneX Financial Inc. s client agreements and obligations under market regulation standards after the balances in the accounts fell below required maintenance margin levels and into deficit balances. The allowance against these uncollected balances was million as of September 30, 2024. The Company is pursuing collection of the outstanding balances through arbitration proceedings against the account holders. The Company will consider developments in these proceedings, and any other relevant matters, in determining whether any changes in the allowance against the uncollected balances are required. 
 In these and other arbitration proceedings, clients are seeking damages from StoneX Financial Inc. relating to the trading losses in their accounts. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company favorably resolved several of these arbitration claims through arbitration decisions and privately negotiated settlements. All of the arbitration panels that issued decisions during the year awarded StoneX Financial Inc. the full amount of the uncollected balances. As noted, several of the arbitrations were resolved through privately negotiated settlement, pursuant to which the account holders agreed to pay some or all of their outstanding deficit balances. The Company intends to continue vigorously pursuing claims through arbitration and settling cases in what the Company determines to be appropriate circumstances. The ultimate outcome of remaining arbitrations cannot presently be determined. 
 Depending on future collections and the outcomes of arbitration proceedings, any provisions for bad debts and actual losses may or may not be material to the Company s financial results. However, the Company believes that the likelihood of a material adverse outcome is remote, and does not currently believe that any potential losses related to this matter would impact its ability to comply with its ongoing liquidity, capital, and regulatory requirements. 
 Contractual Commitments 
 Post-Acquisition Commitment 
 Subsequent to the Gain Capital Holdings, Inc Gain acquisition date of July 30, 2020 the Gain acquisition date ), certain holders of Gain common stock outstanding at the Gain acquisition date who did not vote to approve the merger Dissenting Holders , and the shares held by such Dissenting Holders, the Dissenting Shares purportedly demanded appraisal rights pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The Company has reached a settlement with the Dissenting Holders, pending the Court s approval. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has a payable amount of million due to the Dissenting Holders, included in Accounts Payable and Other Accrued Liabilities , for which funds have been placed in escrow, and are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Shee ts. This amount is included in the less than one year purchase commitments amount shown below. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 The Company determines an estimate of contractual purchase commitments in the ordinary course of business primarily for the purchase of precious metals and agricultural and energy commodities. Unpriced contract commitments have been estimated using September 30, 2024 fair values. Purchase commitments and other obligations as of September 30, 2024 for less than one year, one to three years, three to five years, and after five years were million, million, million, and million respectively. The purchase commitments for less than one year will be offset by corresponding sales commitments of million. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 of the actuarial estimate. The Company is insured for covered costs in excess of these limits. Although the ultimate outcome of these matters may exceed the amounts recorded and additional losses may be incurred, the Company does not believe that any additional potential exposure for such liabilities will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, accrued for self-insured medical and dental claims included in Accounts payable and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Note 14) ) ) Other comprehensive loss net of tax ) ) ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income net of tax Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) net of tax ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Note 15 
 , , and of the Company s total revenues for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Revenues within the scope of Topic 606 are presented within Commission and clearing fees , Consulting, management, and account fees , and Sales of physical commodities , on the Consolidated Income Statements. Revenues that are not within the scope of Topic 606 are presented within Sales of physical commodities , Principal gains, net , and Interest income on the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 OTC derivative brokerage Equities and fixed income Mutual funds Insurance and annuity products Other Total sales-based commission Trailing: Mutual funds Insurance and annuity products Total trailing commission Clearing fees Trade conversion fees Other Total commission and clearing fees Consulting, management, and account fees: Underwriting fees Asset management fees Advisory and consulting fees Sweep program fees Client account fees Other Total consulting, management, and account fees Sales of physical commodities: Precious metals sales under ASC Topic 606 Total revenues from contracts with clients Method of revenue recognition: Point-in-time Time elapsed Total revenues from contracts with clients Other sources of revenues Physical precious metals under ASC Topic 815 Physical agricultural and energy products Principal gains, net Interest income Total revenues 
 The substantial majority of the Company s performance obligations for revenues from contracts with clients are satisfied at a point in time and are typically collected from clients by debiting client trading accounts with the Company. 
 Commission and clearing fee revenue and consulting, management, and account fees revenue are primarily related to the Commercial, Institutional and Self-Directed/Retail reportable segments. Principal gains, net are contributed by all of the Company s reportable segments. Interest income is primarily related to the Commercial and Institutional reportable segments. Precious metals trading and agricultural and energy product trading revenues are primarily related to the Commercial reportable segment. Precious metals retail sales revenues are primarily related to the Self-Directed/Retail reportable segment. 

108 

Table of Contents 

 109 

Table of Contents 

 and then continue from month to month, but may be terminated at any time after the original by either party upon providing written notice. Advisory and consulting fees are not variable based on client trading activities. This revenue is generally recognized ratably over time to match the continued delivery of the performance obligation to the client over the life of the contract. 
 Sweep Program Fees 
 The Company earns fees generated in lieu of interest income from a multi-bank sweep program with unaffiliated banks and money market funds. Pursuant to contractual arrangements with clients and their introducing-brokers, available cash balances in client accounts are swept into either Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured cash accounts at unaffiliated banks or unaffiliated money market funds for which the Company earns a portion of the income generated by the client balances for administration and recordkeeping. The fees generated by the Company s multi-bank sweep program are reported net of the balances remitted to the introducing-brokers and the clients of introducing-brokers. These fees are paid and recognized over time to match the continued delivery of the administration and recordkeeping performance obligations to the life of the contract. The fees earned under this program are generally based upon the type of sweep account, prevailing interest rates, and the amount of client balances invested. 
 Client Account Fees 
 Client account fees represent fees earned for custodial, recordkeeping, and administrative functions performed for client accounts. These functions include statement delivery fees, account transfer fees, safekeeping fees, errors and omission insurance fees, platform fees, and other fees. Client account fees that are transactional based, such as account transfer fees, are recognized at a point in time when the related performance obligation is satisfied. Client account fees that are related to ongoing services, such as statement delivery fees and errors and omission insurance fees, are recognized over time. Client account fees that relate to ongoing services are typically billed to clients accounts on a monthly or quarterly basis. 
 Precious Metals Sales Under ASC Topic 606 
 The Company principally generates revenue from sale of bullion coins and small bars of precious metal via its websites. Revenues from the sale of physical precious metals are recognized when control of the inventory is transferred within the meaning of Topic 606. This revenue source primarily executes its contracts on a spot basis at agreed upon rates and amounts, which further aligns with Topic 606. 
 Physical Precious Metals Under ASC 815 
 The Company principally generates revenue from trading physical precious metals on an OTC basis. Revenues from the sale of physical precious metals are recorded on a trade date basis and generally settle on an unallocated basis. Substantially all of the Company s sales of precious metals are conducted using sales contracts that meet the definition of derivative instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging Topic 815 ). The contracts underlying the Company s commitment to deliver precious metals are referred to as fixed price forward commodity contracts because the price of the commodity is fixed at the time the order is placed. Although the contracts typically are executed on a spot basis and settle on unallocated account, the client has the option to request delivery of the precious metals, the option to net settle out of the position by executing an offsetting trade, or the option to roll the transaction to a subsequent maturity date. Thus, the sales contracts contain embedded option derivatives that would be subject to the guidance in Topic 815. As the contracts are subject to the guidance in Topic 815, the fixed price derivative sales contracts are outside the scope of Topic 606. The Company recognizes revenue when control of the inventory is transferred within the meaning of Topic 606. 
 Physical precious metals trading revenue generated by registered broker-dealer subsidiaries is presented on a net basis and included as a component of Principal gains, net in the Consolidated Income Statements, in accordance with U.S GAAP for broker-dealers. Revenues from the sale of physical precious metals originating from non-broker-dealer subsidiaries is reported gross in the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 Physical Agricultural and Energy Products 
 The Company principally generates revenue from merchandising and originating physical agricultural and energy commodities from forward firm sales commitments accounted for in accordance with Topic 815. The fixed and provisionally-priced derivative sales contracts that result in physical delivery are outside the scope of Topic 606. The Company recognizes revenue when control of the inventory is transferred within the meaning of Topic 606. 
 Principal Gains, Net 
 Principal gains, net includes revenues on financial transactions or contracts for which the Company acts as principal. This 
 110 

Table of Contents 

Dividend expense on short equity positions Dividend income/(loss) net of dividend expense reported within Principal Gains, net ) 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income is generated from client funds deposited with the Company to satisfy margin required by third-party banks, exchange-clearing organizations, or other FCMs. Interest income is also generated from investing client funds in allowable securities, primarily U.S. Treasury obligations and from trading fixed income securities that the Company holds in its market-making businesses. Interest income also includes interest generated from collateralized transactions, including securities borrowed and securities purchased under agreements to resell, and from extending margin loans to clients. Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis and is not within the scope of Topic 606. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations are services that the firm has committed to perform in the future in connection with its contracts with clients. The Company s remaining performance obligations are generally related to its risk management consulting and asset management contracts with clients. Revenues associated with remaining performance obligations related to these contracts with clients are not material to the overall consolidated results of the Company. Similar to the above, risk management consulting contracts are generally for a minimum term of and then continue from month to month, but may be terminated at any time after the original by either party upon providing written notice. Asset management contracts may be terminated by the client at any time. For the Company s asset management activities, where fees are calculated based on a percentage of the market value of eligible assets in client s accounts, future revenue associated with remaining performance obligations cannot be determined as such fees are subject to fluctuations in the market value of eligible assets in clients accounts. 
 Practical Expedients 
 The Company has applied Topic 606 s practical expedient that permits for the non-disclosure of the value of performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length or one year or less and (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which is has the right to invoice for services performed. 

Note 16 
 million shares in connection with the grants of stock options and restricted stock, and million shares are available for issuance as of September 30, 2024. Share-based compensation expense is included in Compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Income Statements and totaled million, million and million for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 The Company sponsors the Omnibus Plan for its directors, officers, employees and consultants. Shares underlying awards that expire or are canceled generally become available for issuance again under the Omnibus Plan. The Company settles stock option exercises with newly issued shares of common stock. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Expected dividend yield Risk free interest rate Average expected life (in years) 
 Expected stock price volatility rates are primarily based on historical volatility. The Company has not paid dividends in the past and does not currently expect to do so in the future. Risk free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the option or award. The average expected life represents the estimated period of time that options or awards granted are expected to be outstanding, based on the Company s historical share option exercise experience for similar option grants. The weighted average fair value of options issued during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was , , and , respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 The total compensation cost not yet recognized for non-vested awards of million as of September 30, 2024 has a weighted-average period of years over which the compensation expense is expected to be recognized. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 - - - - 
 Restricted Stock 
 The Company grants restricted stock under the Omnibus Plan to its directors, officers, and employees. Restricted stock awards that expire or are canceled generally become available for issuance again under the Omnibus Plan. The Company utilizes newly issued shares of common stock to make restricted stock grants. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 
 The total compensation cost not yet recognized of million as of September 30, 2024 has a weighted-average period of years over which the compensation expense is expected to be recognized. Compensation expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Restricted stock grants are included in the Company s total issued and outstanding common shares. 
 
 Note 17 
 debt securities and equity investments and had a total fair value of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. All Qualified Plan assets fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The benefit obligation associated with the Qualified Plan will vary over time only as a result of changes in market interest rates, the life expectancy of the plan participants, and benefit payments, since the accrual of benefits was suspended when the Qualified Plan was frozen in 2006. The benefit obligation was million and million and the discount rate assumption used in the measurement of this obligation was and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Related to the Qualified Plan, the Company s net pension obligation was in a funded status of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Nonqualified Plan assets had a total fair value of less than million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. The benefit obligation associated with the Nonqualified Plan will vary over time only as a result of changes in market interest rates, the life expectancy of the plan participants, and benefit payments. There are active participants in the Nonqualified plan. The benefit obligation was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Related to the Nonqualified Plan, the Company s unfunded pension obligation was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company recognized a net periodic cost of million and million for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a net periodic benefit of million for the year ended September 30, 2022. The expected long-term return on plan assets assumption was for 2024. The Company made contributions of million to the plans in the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company complies with minimum funding requirements. The estimated undiscounted future benefit payments are expected to be million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028, million in 2029, and million in 2030 through 2034. 
 Defined Contribution Retirement Plans 
 The Company offers participation in the StoneX Group Inc. 401(k) Plan 401(k) Plan ), a defined contribution plan providing retirement benefits to all domestic full-time non-temporary employees who have reached 21 years of age. Employees may contribute from to of their annual compensation to the 401(k) Plan, limited to a maximum annual amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Service. For each participant s eligible elective deferral contribution to the 401(k) Plan, the Company makes matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan in amounts equal to on the first of employee contributions and on the next of employee contributions, up to of employee compensation. Employees are fully vested in both employee and matching employer contributions immediately. 
 U.K. based employees of StoneX Group are eligible to participate in a defined contribution pension plan. The Company contributes double the employee s contribution up to of total base salary for this plan. For this plan, employees are vested in both the employee and employer contributions at all times. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 18 
 Insurance Employee related expenses Other direct business expenses Membership fees Director and public company expenses Office expenses Other expenses Total other expenses 
 
 Note 19 
 Taxes allocated to stockholders equity, related to pension liabilities ) Taxes allocated to stockholders equity, related to hedge accounting ) Total income tax expense 

114 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. state and local Australia Brazil Germany Singapore Switzerland United Kingdom Other international Total current taxes Deferred taxes: U.S. federal ) U.S. state and local ) Australia ) ) Brazil ) ) Germany ) Switzerland ) United Kingdom ) ) ) Other international ) ) Total deferred taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 Australia Brazil Germany Singapore Switzerland ) United Kingdom Other international ) Income from operations, before tax 
 U.S. State and local income taxes Foreign earnings and losses taxed at different rates Change in valuation allowance ) U.K. bank tax U.S. permanent items ) Non-deductible compensation Foreign permanent items ) ) U.S. bargain purchase gain ) GILTI Unrecognized tax benefits Effective rate 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred compensation Net operating loss carryforwards Intangible assets Bad debt reserve Hedging Foreign tax credit carryforwards Other compensation Pension Right of use assets Property and equipment Other Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Unrealized gain on securities Prepaid expenses Property and equipment Right of use liabilities Mark to market on inventory Other deferred liabilities Hedging Deferred income tax liabilities Deferred income taxes, net 
 Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal, state, local, and fore ign income tax purposes of million and million, net of valuation allowances, respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income in these jurisdictions. The state and local net operating loss carryforwards of million, net of valuation allowance, begin to expire after September 2024. 
 The Company also has million, net of valuation allowances, of federal net operating loss carryforwards, which consist of a portion that will expire in tax years ending 2031 through 2036, and are limited by Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382. The remaining portion of the federal net operating loss carryforwards do not expire, but cannot be utilized until after 2037 and are also limited by IRC Section 382. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has million, net of valuation allowance, of foreign net operating loss carryforwards primarily in Brazil, Columbia, Ireland, Germany, and Switzerland, which have various carryforward periods. 
 
 The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024 was million. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended September 30, 2024 was an increase of million. The increase was related to the increase in foreign net operating loss carryforwards and increases related to foreign tax credits. The valuation allowances as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 were primarily related to U.S. state and local and foreign net operating loss carryforwards that, in the judgment of management, are not more likely than not to be realized. 
 T he Company does not intend to distribute earnings of its foreign subsidiaries in a taxable manner, and therefore intends to limit distributions to earnings previously taxed in the U.S., or earnings that would qualify for the 100 percent dividends received deduction, and earnings that would not result in any significant foreign taxes. The Company repatriated million and million during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of earnings previously taxed in the U.S. resulting in no significant incremental taxes. Therefore, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax liability on its investment in foreign subsidiaries. 
 The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authority, based upon the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Gross increases for tax positions related to current year Gross increases for tax positions related to prior years Gross decreases for tax positions of prior years Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations Balance, end of year 
 The Company had million of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2024 that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company had a de minimis balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 Accrued interest and penalties are included in the related tax liability line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had million and accrued interest and penalties included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. The Company had million of interest, net of federal benefit, and penalties recognized as a component of income tax expense during the year ended September 30, 2024 and a de minimis amount during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Note 20 
 million of cash consideration paid at closing, plus an estimated million hold-back due to be paid on or before February 15, 2025 and a contingent earn-out valued at approximately million due within days after March 31, 2026. The business activities of TAG have been assigned to the Company s Self-Directed/Retail reportable segment. The acquisition generated million of Goodwill and million of intangible assets. 
 Acquisitions in Fiscal 2023 
 Cotton Distributors Inc. 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, StoneX Netherlands B.V., acquired CDI-Societe Cotonniere De Distribution S.A CDI ), based in Switzerland. CDI operates a global cotton merchant business with clients and producers in Brazil and West Africa as well as buyers throughout Asia. The purchase price is approximately million, which is based on CDI s estimated acquisition date tangible book value as defined by the terms of the purchase agreement and based on Swiss accounting practices, and an earn-out payment due to the seller. The earn-out value was determined by CDI s performance with respect to certain contracts entered into before the acquisition date and settling after the closing date. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, CDI contributed million of Net operating revenue and million of Net income . 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Deposits with and receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties Receivable from clients, net Financial instruments owned, at fair value Deferred income taxes, net ) Property and equipment, net Physical commodities inventory, net Other assets Total fair value of tangible assets acquired Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value Payables to lenders under loans Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and counterparties Payables to clients Income taxes payable Total fair value of liabilities assumed Fair value of tangible net assets acquired Identifiable intangible assets acquired Client relationships Supplier relationships Trade name Non-compete Total fair value of intangible assets acquired Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired Total merger consideration Gain on acquisition 
 Incomm S.A.S. 
 On February 3, 2023, the Company s subsidiary StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC executed a sale and purchase agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Incomm S.A.S. Incomm ), a company duly incorporated and in existence according with the laws of Colombia. This transaction was effective on the closing date of February 3, 2023. Incomm was established to support the import of grain and feed products for Colombian clients, and is a proven resource in management of customs clearing, inventory management at destination ports and providing non-recourse trade finance for destination buyers via local Colombian banks. 
 The purchase price consists of million of cash consideration and also includes a contingent earn-out valued at approximately million with annual payments over the following the acquisition. The contingent earn-out payments are variable in nature, as they equal a percentage of the acquired business line s pre-tax profits, as defined in the purchase agreement. The business activities of Incomm will be assigned to the Company s Commercial reportable segment. The acquisition generated million of Goodwill. 
 
 Note 21 
 million or of client and non-client risk maintenance margin requirements on all positions, as defined in such rules, regulations, and requirements. Adjusted net capital and the related net capital requirement may fluctuate on a daily basis. StoneX Financial Inc., along with certain regulated affiliates, including GAIN Capital Group, LLC and others, has a restriction on dividends. For StoneX Financial Inc. withdrawn excess capital cannot reduce excess capital, after haircuts and charges, to an amount less than of the greatest minimum requirement. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 million or of customer and non-customer risk maintenance margin, or million plus of the amount of retail customer liabilities over million, plus of all liabilities owed to eligible contract participant counterparties acting as a dealer that are not an affiliate. 
 Swap dealers are subject to a comprehensive regulatory regime with new obligations for the swaps activities for which they are registered, including adherence to risk management policies, supervisory procedures, trade record and real time reporting requirements, as well as rules for minimum capital requirements which became effective October 6, 2021. Our subsidiary, StoneX Markets LLC, is a CFTC registered swap dealer, and under these capital rules, StoneX Markets LLC is subject to a minimum regulatory capital requirement of million. 
 StoneX Financial Inc. as a registered securities carrying broker dealer is also subject to Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 15c3-3 ), which requires the Company to maintain separate accounts for the benefit of securities clients and proprietary accounts of broker dealers PABs ). These client protection rules require the Company to maintain special reserve bank accounts SRBAs for the exclusive benefit of securities clients and PABs. As of September 30, 2024, StoneX Financial Inc. prepared reserve computations for the client accounts and PAB accounts in accordance with the customer reserve computation guidelines set forth in Rule 15c3-3. Based upon these computations, excess of total credits over debits was million as of September 30, 2024. The Company held million in customer SRBAs as of September 30, 2024, and made additional deposits of million on October 2, 2024. The total PAB credits over total PAB debits was million as of September 30, 2024 and the PAB reserve requirement was million as of September 30, 2024. The Company held million in the PAB SRBA as of September 30, 2024, and withdrew million on October 2, 2024. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Commodity Exchange Act, funds deposited by clients of StoneX Financial Inc. supporting trading of futures and options on futures on a U.S. commodities exchange must be carried in separate accounts which are designated as segregated client accounts. Pursuant to the requirements of the CFTC, funds deposited by clients of StoneX Financial Inc. related to trading futures and options on futures traded on, or subject to the rules of a foreign board of trade, must be carried in separate accounts in, which are designated as secured clients accounts. As of September 30, 2024, StoneX Financial Inc. had client segregated and client secured funds of million and million, respectively, compared to a minimum regulatory requirement of million and million, respectively. 
 The Company s subsidiary StoneX Financial Ltd is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulator of the financial services industry in the U.K. The regulations impose regulatory capital, as well as conduct of business, governance, and other requirements. The conduct of business rules include those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which, under certain circumstances, for certain classes of client, must be segregated from the firm s own assets. As of September 30, 2024, StoneX Financial Ltd had client segregated funds of million, compared to a minimum regulatory requirement of million. 
 StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore MAS and operates as an approved holder of a Capital Market Services and a Payments Service License. StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. is subject to the requirements of MAS pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act and the Payments Services Act 2019. The regulations include those that govern the treatment of client money and other assets which under certain circumstances must be segregated from the firm s own assets. As of September 30, 2024, StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. had client segregated funds of million compared to a minimum regulatory requirement of million. 
 million as well as the actual regulatory capital of the subsidiary as of September 30, 2024 (in millions): 
 Subsidiary Regulatory Authority Actual Minimum Requirement StoneX Financial Inc. SEC and CFTC StoneX Financial Ltd FCA GAIN Capital Group, LLC CFTC and NFA StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. MAS StoneX Markets LLC CFTC and NFA 
 million, are also subject to net capital requirements promulgated by authorities in the countries in which they operate. As of September 30, 2024, all of the Company s subsidiaries were in compliance with their local regulatory requirements. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Note 22 
 employees allowing it to serve clients in more than countries. 
 The Company s business activities are managed as operating segments and organized into reportable segments as follows: 
 Commercial 
 Institutional 
 Self-Directed/Retail 
 Payments 
 Commercial 
 The Company offers commercial clients a comprehensive array of products and services, including risk management and hedging services, execution and clearing of exchange-traded and OTC products, voice brokerage, market intelligence and physical commodity trading, marketing, procurement, logistics and price management services. The ability to provide these high-value-added products and services, differentiates the Company from its competitors and maximizes the opportunity to retain clients. 
 Institutional 
 The Company provides institutional clients with a complete suite of equity trading services to help them find liquidity with best execution, consistent liquidity across a robust array of fixed income products, competitive and efficient clearing and execution in all major futures and securities exchanges globally as well as prime brokerage in equities and major foreign currency pairs and swap transactions. In addition, the Company originates, structures and place debt instruments in the international and domestic capital markets. These instruments include asset-backed securities (primarily in Argentina) and domestic municipal securities. 
 Self-Directed/Retail 
 The Company provides self-directed/retail clients around the world access to over global financial markets, including spot foreign exchange ("forex"), both financial trading and physical investment in precious metals, as well as CFDs, which are investment products with returns linked to the performance of underlying assets. In addition, its independent wealth management business offers a comprehensive product suite to self-directed/retail investors in the United States. 
 Payments 
 The Company provides customized payment, technology and treasury services to banks and commercial businesses as well as charities and non-governmental organizations and government organizations. The Company provides transparent pricing and offers payments services in more than countries and currencies, which it believes is more than any other payments solution provider. 
 
 The total revenues reported combine gross revenues from physical contracts for subsidiaries that are not broker-dealers and net revenues for all other businesses. In order to reflect the way that the Company s management views the results, the table below also reflects the segment contribution to Operating revenues , which is shown on the face of the Consolidated Income Statements and which is calculated by deducting physical commodities cost of sales from total revenues. 
 Segment data includes the profitability measure of net contribution by segment. Net contribution is one of the key measures used by management to assess the performance of each segment and for decisions regarding the allocation of the Company s resources. Net contribution is calculated as revenue less direct cost of sales, transaction-based clearing expenses, variable compensation, introducing broker commissions, and interest expense. Variable compensation paid to risk management consultants/traders generally represents a fixed percentage of revenues generated, and in some cases, revenues generated less transaction-based clearing expenses, base salaries and an overhead allocation. 
 Segment data also includes segment income which is calculated as net contribution less non-variable direct expenses of the segment. These non-variable direct expenses include trader base compensation and benefits, operational employee compensation and benefits, communication and data services, business development, professional fees, bad debt expense and other direct expenses. 
 Inter-segment revenues, expenses, receivables and payables are eliminated upon consolidation. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 121 

Table of Contents 

 Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Corporate Eliminations ) ) ) Total Operating revenues: Commercial Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Corporate Eliminations ) ) ) Total Net operating revenues (loss): Commercial Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Corporate ) ) ) Total Net contribution: (Revenues less cost of sales of physical commodities, transaction-based clearing expenses, variable compensation, introducing broker commissions and interest expense) Commercial Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Total Segment income: (Net contribution less non-variable direct segment costs) Commercial Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Total Reconciliation of segment income to income before tax: Segment income Net operating loss within Corporate ) ) ) Overhead costs and expenses ) ) ) Gain on acquisitions and other gains, net within Corporate Income before tax 
 (in millions) As of September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2023 As of September 30, 2022 Total assets: Commercial Institutional Self-Directed/Retail Payments Corporate Total 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Europe South America Middle East and Asia Other Total Operating revenues: United States Europe South America Middle East and Asia Other Total (in millions) As of September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2023 As of September 30, 2022 Long-lived assets, as defined: United States Europe South America Middle East and Asia Other Total 
 123 

Table of Contents 

Receivable from subsidiaries, net Deposits with and receivables from subsidiary broker-dealer, net Notes receivable, net Income taxes receivable Investment in subsidiaries (1) 
 Financial instruments owned, at fair value Deferred tax assets Property and equipment, net Operating right of use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Payable to subsidiaries, net Payable to lenders under loans Senior secured borrowings, net Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value Total liabilities Equity: StoneX Group Inc. (Parent Company Only) stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares; shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 
 Common stock in treasury, at cost - shares at September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (1) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) Total StoneX Group Inc. (Parent Company Only) stockholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 (1) Within the Condensed Balance Sheets and Condensed Statements of Operations of StoneX Group Inc. - Parent Company Only, the Company has accounted for its investment in wholly owned subsidiaries using the cost method of accounting. Under this method, the Company s share of the earnings or losses of such subsidiaries is not included in the Condensed Balance Sheet or Condensed Statements of Operations. If the accounting for its investment in wholly owned subsidiaries was presented under the equity method of accounting, investment in subsidiaries and retained earnings would each increase by million as of September 30, 2024, and million, as of September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Trading gains (losses), net ) ) Consulting fees Interest income Dividend income from subsidiaries (1) 
 Total revenues Interest expense Net revenues Non-interest expenses: Compensation and benefits Trade systems and market information Occupancy and equipment rental Selling and marketing Professional fees Travel and business development Non-trading technology and support Depreciation and amortization Communications Management services fees to affiliates Other Total non-interest expenses Gain on acquisitions and other gains, net Income (loss) before tax ) Income tax benefit Net income 
 
 (1) W ithin the Condensed Balance Sheets and Condensed Statements of Operations of StoneX Group Inc. - Parent Company Only, the Company has accounted for its investment in wholly owned subsidiaries using the cost method of accounting. Under this method, the Company s share of the earnings or losses of such subsidiaries is not included in the Condensed Balance Sheet or Condensed Statements of Operations. If the accounting for its investment in wholly owned subsidiaries was presented under the equity method of accounting, total revenues would also include subsidiary earnings of million , million, and million for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating right of use assets Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization and extinguishment of debt issuance costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Amortization of share-based compensation expense Dividends ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables from subsidiaries, net ) Payable to subsidiaries, net ) Receivable from clients, net Deposits with and receivables from subsidiary broker-dealer, net ) Notes receivable, net Income taxes receivable ) ) Financial instruments owned, at fair value ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value ) Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital contribution to affiliates ) ) ) Collection of notes receivable Purchase of property and equipment and internally developed software ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in lenders under loans with maturities 90 days or less ) Repayments of senior secured term loan ) Repayments of senior secured notes ) Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes Deferred payments on acquisitions ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Exercise of stock options Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid, net of cash refunds 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In connection with the filing of this Form 10-K, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. We seek to design our disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act contain the required information and that we submit these reports within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. We also seek to design these controls and procedures to ensure that we accumulate and communicate correct information to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 There are limitations inherent in any internal control, such as the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and may not prevent or detect misstatements. As conditions change over time, so too may the effectiveness of internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on its assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, was engaged to audit the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 and has issued an audit report regarding their assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting which is included on page 72 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements: 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 We will include a list of our executive officers and biographical and other information about them and our directors in the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 5, 2025. We will file the proxy within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 (the 2025 Proxy Statement ). The 2025 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Information about our Audit Committee may be found in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We adopted a code of ethics that applies to the directors, officers and employees of the Company and each of its subsidiaries. The code of ethics is publicly available on our website at https://ir.stonex.com/corporate-governance. If we make any substantive amendments to the code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 We will include information relating to our executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of our Board of Directors in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 We will include information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table provides information generally as of September 30, 2024, the last day of fiscal 2024, regarding securities to be issued on exercise of stock options, and securities remaining available for issuance under our equity compensation plans that were in effect during fiscal 2024. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 3,061,573 51.63 442,239 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 3,061,573 51.63 442,239 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 We will include information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be included in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) and (2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules - All financial statement schedules are filed as part of this report under Item 8 - Financial Statements. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 26, 2020, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and GCAP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 27, 2020). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2009). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to StoneX Group Inc. s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2023). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated By-laws (incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 5, 2024). 
 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 4.2 Indenture and F o rm of 7.875 S enior Secured Notes due 2031 is sued thereunder by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee and collateral agent, dated as of March 1, 202 4 (incorporated by reference from the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1 , 202 4 ). 
 4.3 Joinder to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2020, by and among the GAIN Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and the Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 31, 2020). 
 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 22, 2002, by and between the Company, and Sean O Connor (incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2002). 
 10.2 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 6, 2002, by and between the Company and Sean O Connor (incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 10, 2002). 
 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 22, 2002, by and between the Company and John Radziwill (incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2002). 
 10.4 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 6, 2002, by and between the Company and John Radziwill (incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 10, 2002). 
 10.5 Farmers Commodities Corporation Supplemental Nonqualified Pension Plan (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by FCStone Group, Inc. with the SEC on December 9, 2004) + 
 10.6 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference from Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by FCStone Group, Inc. with the SEC on December 30, 2004) 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Gain Capital Holdings Inc. s Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2020). 
 10.8 INTL FCStone Inc. 2016 Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed with the SEC on January 15, 2016). + 
 10.9 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 
 10.10 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement(incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021). + 
 10.11 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 
 10.12 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Long Term Incentive Performance-Based Cash Compensation Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 
 10.13 StoneX Group Inc. 2021 Executive Performance Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 
 10.14 StoneX Group Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 6, 2024). + 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 10.15 StoneX Group Inc. Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021) + 
 10.16 License Agreement, dated August 9, 2007, by and between GAIN Capital Group, LLC and MetaQuotes Software Corp (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2020). 
 10.17 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement made as of February 22, 2019 by and between INTL FCStone Inc. as Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Capital One, National Association, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, and Signature Bank, BMO Harris Bank N.A., BankUnited, N.A., CIBC Bank USA, Barclays Bank PLC, Cadence Bank, N.A., The Huntington National Bank, Webster Bank, National Association, and TriState Capital Bank, as additional Lenders, and with the lenders from time to time parties thereto. (incorporated by reference from the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2019). 
 
 10.18 Lender Joinder Agreement dated as of October 3, 2019, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 by and between INTL FCStone Inc. as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, by and among Bank of Hope, as New Lender, INTL FCStone Inc., as Borrower, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2019). 
 10.19 Lender Joinder Agreement dated as of November 20, 2019, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 by and between INTL FCStone Inc. as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, by and among Investors Bank, as New Lender, INTL FCStone Inc., as Borrower, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2019). 
 10.20 Fifth Amendment dated as of June 18, 2021, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 by and between StoneX Group Inc. (f/k/a INTL FCStone Inc.) as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2021). 
 10.21 Sixth Amendment dated April 21, 2022, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 by and between StoneX Group Inc. (f/k/a INTL FCStone Inc.) as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (Annex A to the Sixth Amendment contains the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended by the Sixth Amendment thereto) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022). 
 10.22 Joinder Agreement, dated April 21, 2022, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019, by and between StoneX Payment Services Ltd., and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022). 
 10.23 Seventh Amendment dated June 30, 2023, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 by and between StoneX Group Inc. (f/k/a INTL FCStone Inc.) as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (Annex A to the Seventh Amendment contains the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended by the Seventh Amendment thereto) (incorporated by reference from the Company s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2, 2023). 
 10.24 Eighth Amendment dated April 29, 2024, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 (as amended of modified from time to time) by and between StoneX Group Inc. (f/k/a INTL FCStone Inc.) as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Company s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024). 
 10.25 Assignment and Assumption dated May 8, 2024, entered into by and between Flagstar Bank, N.A. and BOKF, NA dba BOK Financial pertaining to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019 (as amended of modified from time to time) by and between StoneX Group Inc. (f/k/a INTL FCStone Inc.) as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Company s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024). 
 10.26 Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Company s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023). 
 10.27 Commitment Amount Increase Request, dated December 19, 2022, to the Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Company s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023). 
 10.28 First Amendment dated October 31, 2023, to the Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from the Company s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 24,2023). 
 10.29 Second Amendment dated October 29 , 202 4 , to the Credit Agreement, entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between StoneX Financial Inc., as borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as a guarantor, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 10.30 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, entered into as of July 28, 2022, by and among StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC), as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022). 
 10.31 Fir st Amendment and Limited Waiver date d July 29, 202 4 to Th ird Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, entered into as of July 28, 2022, by and among StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC), as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent . 
 10.32 Increase R e quest date d A ugust 5, 2024 to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, entered into as of July 28, 2022, by and among StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC), as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent. 
 10.33 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, made as of October 9 , 202 4 , by and among StoneX Financial Ltd, as Borrower, StoneX Group Inc., as Guarantor, the financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders, and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent. 
 19.1 
 21.1 List of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Compensation Recovery Policy 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed as part of this report. Furnished herewith. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Schedules and Exhibits Excluded 
 All schedules and exhibits not included are not applicable, not required or would contain information which is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, or the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 StoneX Group Inc. /s/ SEAN M. O CONNOR Sean M. O Connor Chief Executive Officer Dated: November 27, 2024 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ JOHN RADZIWILL Director and Chairman of the Board November 27, 2024 John Radziwill /s/ SEAN M. O CONNOR Director, President and Chief Executive Officer November 27, 2024 Sean M. O Connor (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ ANNABELLE G. BEXIGA Director November 27, 2024 Annabelle G. Bexiga /s/ DIANE L. COOPER Director November 27, 2024 Diane L. Cooper /s/ JOHN M. FOWLER Director November 27, 2024 John M. Fowler /s/ STEVEN KASS Director November 27, 2024 Steven Kass /s/ ERIC PARTHEMORE Director November 27, 2024 Eric Parthemore /s/ DHAMU THAMODARAN Director November 27, 2024 Dhamu Thamodaran /s/ WILLIAM J. DUNAWAY Chief Financial Officer November 27, 2024 William J. Dunaway (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 132 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 snex2024exh41q4roll.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 As of November 27, 2024, StoneX Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter, the Company ), had one class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ). The following summary includes a brief description of the Common Stock, as well as certain related additional information. 
 General. The Company has authority to issue 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ), issuable in one or more series from time to time by resolution of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). 
 Voting Rights. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record and are vested with all of the voting power, except as the Board may provide in the future with respect to any class or series of Preferred Stock that it may authorize in the future. Any action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting by written consent. 
 Dividend Rights. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board out of any funds legally available for dividends, subject to the preferences applicable to any shares of Preferred Stock outstanding at the time. 
 No Preemption, Conversion or Redemption Rights No Sinking Fund Provisions. Shares of Common Stock are not redeemable and have no subscription, conversion or preemption rights. There are no sinking fund provisions. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions. Holders of Common Stock are entitled, upon liquidation, to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws described below may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company 
 Board may adopt, amend or repeal bylaws without stockholder approval 
 the Bylaws specify advance notice procedures that stockholders must follow in order to bring business at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and proxy access procedures for director nominations at annual meetings 
 the Bylaws provide that the Secretary of the Company shall call a special meeting of stockholders upon the written request of a stockholder, or group of stockholders, owning not less than 20 of the outstanding capital stock of the Company, provided that the stockholder or stockholders satisfy the procedural requirements specified in the Bylaws 
 the Bylaws otherwise limit the ability to call special meetings of stockholders to the President or a majority of the Board 
 vacancies on the Board can be filled by a majority vote of the remaining members of the Board, even where less than a quorum, or by decision of a sole remaining director, or, upon application by a stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10 of the shares currently outstanding to the Court of Chancery, by a vote of the stockholders required for the election of directors generally, if the remaining members of the Board constitute less than a majority of the Board 
 the Board is authorized to issue Preferred Stock without stockholder approval and 
 the Company is incorporated in Delaware and is thus subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), including Section 203 of the DGCL regarding business combinations with an interested stockholder. 
 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. For additional information we encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, including amendments, all of which are exhibits to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K, and applicable provisions of the DGCL. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.29>
 3
 exhibit_sfixsecondamendmen.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

Second Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 This Second Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Amendment is entered into as of October 29, 2024, by and among StoneX Financial Inc., a Florida corporation (the Borrower ), StoneX Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Guarantor ), as a Guarantor, the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Amendment, as Lenders, and BMO Bank N.A.( f k a BMO Harris Bank N.A.) as Administrative Agent. 
 Preliminary Statements 
 A. The Borrower, the Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ). All capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms have in the Credit Agreement. 
 B. The Borrower has requested the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement under the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment. 
 C. Each of CIBC Bank USA and NexBank (each a New Lender requests that it join the Credit Agreement as a new Lender, and the Guarantor, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to add the New Lender as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and 
 Now, Therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 Section 1. Amendments. 
 Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the Credit Agreement shall be and hereby is amended as follows 
 1.1. Section 1.12(i) of the Credit Agreement shall be and hereby is amended by deleting the amount 110,000,000 appearing therein and inserting in its place the amount 50,000,000 . The Borrower and Lenders acknowledge and agree that the increase in the Commitment in connection with this Amendment shall be deemed a Commitment Amount Increase pursuant to Section 1.12 of the Credit Agreement, and this Amendment shall be deemed a Commitment Amount Increase Request for purposes of Section 1.12. 
 1.2. The defined terms Commitment and Termination Date appearing in Section 5.1 of the Credit Agreement shall be and hereby is amended and restated to read in their entirety as follows 
 Second Amendment (StoneX, 2024) 4890-5966-0260 v4.docx 
 4396354 

Commitment means, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to participate in Swing Loans hereunder in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, as the same may be reduced or modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Commitments of the Lenders aggregate 250,000,000 on October 29, 2024. 
 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) October 28, 2025, (ii) the Business Day immediately succeeding the date on which a Termination Event occurs, or (iii) such earlier date on which the Commitments are terminated in whole pursuant to Section 1.10, 9.2 or 9.3 hereof. 
 1.3. Section 8.21(a) of the Credit Agreement shall be and hereby is amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows 
 (a) Tangible Net Worth. The Borrower shall at all times maintain a Tangible Net Worth of at least 500,000,000. 
 1.4. Pursuant to Section 10.9. of the Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent hereby designates U.S. Bank, National Association as Documentation Agent under the Credit Agreement. 
 1.5. Each of Schedule 1.1 and Exhibit C to the Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety in the form of Schedule 1.1 and Exhibit C attached hereto. 
 Section 2. Conditions Precedent. 
 The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent (the date upon which such conditions are satisfied being referred to herein as the Effective Date 
 2.1. The Borrower, the Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall have executed and delivered this Amendment 
 2.2. The Administrative Agent shall have received a new Note duly executed by the Borrower for the New Lenders to the extent requested. 
 2.3. The Administrative Agent shall have received such other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 2.4 The Administrative Agent shall have received a good standing certificate for the Borrower and Guarantor, dated as of a date no earlier than 30 days prior to the date hereof, from the appropriate governmental offices in the state of its incorporation or organization. 
 -2- 

2.5. The Administrative Agent shall have received for the fees set forth in that certain Mandate Letter dated September 5, 2024 between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, including the payment of an upfront fee equal payable to the Lenders in an amount equal to 0.15 of each Lender s Commitment. 
 2.6. Legal matters incident to the execution and delivery of this Amendment shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 
 Section 3. Representations. 
 In order to induce the Administrative Agent to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower and the Guarantor (the Loan Parties hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent that as of the date hereof 
 3.1. Authorization, Etc. The Loan Parties have the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment and the other Loan Documents (if any) called for hereby. The Loan Parties have taken all necessary action (including, without limitation, obtaining approval of its equity holders, if necessary) to authorize their execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents (if any) called for hereby. No consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority, and no consent of any other Person, is required in connection with the Loan Parties execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment or such other Loan Documents, except for those already duly obtained. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents (if any) called for hereby have been duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Loan Parties, enforceable against them in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditor rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents (if any) called for hereby by the the Loan Parties do not (i) contravene the terms of the Loan Parties organizational documents i.e., articles of incorporation or organization and by-laws or operating agreement, etc.) (ii) conflict with or constitute a violation or breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon the Property of the Loan Parties by reason of the terms of any material contractual obligation (including without limitation contractual obligations arising from any material agreements to which the Loan Parties are a party or which is binding upon it) or (iii) violate any Legal Requirement in any material respect. 
 3.2. No Change to Organizational Documents and Resolutions. The Loan Parties hereby certifies that (x) the copies of the Loan Parties organizational documents i.e., articles of incorporation or organization and by-laws or operating agreement, etc.) previously delivered to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents continue to be true, correct and complete, have not been amended or otherwise modified since the date of such delivery, and are in full force and effect on the date hereof (y) the resolutions of the Loan Parties previously delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with the Loan Documents continue to be true, correct and complete, have not been amended or otherwise modified since the date of such delivery, and are in full force and effect on the date hereof and (z) each Person previously identified by the 
 -3- 

Loan Parties to sign any Loan Document on behalf of the Loan Parties continues to be so authorized on the date hereof and is authorized to sign this Amendment. The Administrative Agent may conclusively rely on this certification until it is otherwise notified by the Loan Parties in writing. 
 3.3. Representations and Warranties. After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are and shall be and remain true and correct in all material respects (where not already qualified by materiality, otherwise in all respects), except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (where not already qualified by materiality, otherwise in all respects) as of the date of this Amendment. 
 Section 4. New Lenders. 
 
 4.1. New Lenders. Upon the Effective Date, each New Lender (i) shall be deemed automatically to have become a party to the Credit Agreement as a Lender, and have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) shall have a Commitment in the amount set forth on Schedule 1.1 to the Credit Agreement, and (iii) agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement as if it were an original signatory thereto. Each New Lender hereby confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the exhibits related thereto, together with copies of the documents which were required to be delivered under the Credit Agreement as a condition to the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit thereunder. Each New Lender acknowledges and agrees that it has made and will continue to make, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, its own credit analysis and decisions relating to the Credit Agreement. Each New Lender further acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent has not made any representations or warranties about the credit worthiness of the Loan Parties or any other party to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or with respect to the legality, validity, sufficiency or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or the value of any security therefor. 
 4.2. Equalization of Loans. Upon the Effective Date, the Lenders each agree to make such purchases and sales of interests in the outstanding Loans among themselves so that each Lender is then holding its relevant Percentage of outstanding Loans. Such purchases and sales shall be arranged through the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agrees to execute such further instruments and documents, if any, as the Agent may reasonably request in connection therewith. 
 Section 5. Reaffirmation 
 
 Guarantor hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions of this Amendment and consents to any modification of the Credit Agreement. Guarantor hereby confirms to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, after giving effect to this Amendment, the Guaranty and each other Loan Document to which Guarantor is a party 
 -4- 

continues in full force and effect and is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor, enforceable against Guarantor in accordance with their terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that (i) notwithstanding the conditions to effectiveness set forth in this Amendment, Guarantor is not required by the terms of the Credit Agreement to consent to the waivers or modifications to the Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Amendment and (ii) nothing in the Credit Agreement, this Amendment or any other Loan Document shall be deemed to require the consent of Guarantor to any future waivers or modifications to the Credit Agreement. 
 Section 6. Miscellaneous. 
 6.1. Except as specifically amended herein, the Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its original terms. Reference to this specific Amendment need not be made in the Credit Agreement, or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to or with respect to the Credit Agreement, any reference in any of such items to the Credit Agreement being sufficient to refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment is not a novation nor is it to be construed as a release, waiver or modification of any of the terms, conditions, representations, warranties, covenants, rights or remedies set forth in the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except as specifically set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower agrees to comply with all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents except to the extent such compliance is irreconcilably inconsistent with the express provisions of this Amendment. 
 6.2. The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents being executed and delivered in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent. 
 6.3. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by the different parties on different counterpart signature pages, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or in electronic (e.g., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of Amendment. This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Illinois without regard to conflicts of law principles that would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 
 Signature Page to Follow 
 -5- 

This Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement is entered into as of the date and year first above written. 
 Borrower 
 StoneX Financial Inc. 
 By s Kevin T. Murphy 
 Name Kevin T. Murphy Title Group Treasurer 
 By s William Dunaway 
 Name William Dunway Title Chief Financial Officer 
 Guarantor 
 StoneX Group Inc. 

By s Kevin T. Murphy 
 Name Kevin T. Murphy Title Group Treasurer 
 By s William Dunaway 
 Name William Dunway Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
 BMO Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and a Lender 
 By s Matthew Witt 
 Name Matthew Witt 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

U.S. Bank National Association, as a Lender and as Documentation Agent 
 By s Chris Doering 
 Name Chris Doering 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

Customers Bank, as a Lender 
 By s Brandon Troster 
 Name Brandon Troster 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

East West Bank, as a Lender 
 By s Mike Berent 
 Name Mike Berent 
 Title SVP - Relationship Manager 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

Webster Bank, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Mark R. Smith 
 Name Mark R. Smith 
 Title Senior Managing Director 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

Northbrook Bank & Trust Company, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Connor Huxtable 
 Name Connor Huxtable 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

TriState Capital Bank, as a Lender 
 By s Ellen Frank 
 Name Ellen Frank 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

Cadence Bank, as a Lender 
 By s Stephen Fast 
 Name Stephen Fast 
 Title AVP 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

CIBC Bank USA, as a New Lender 
 By s Morgan Donovan 
 Name Morgan Donovan 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

NexBank, as a New Lender 
 By s Jeff Kocher 
 Name Jeff Kocher 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page StoneX Second Amendment 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.31>
 4
 exhibit_scsxfirstamendment.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 FIRST AMENDMENT AND LIMITED WAIVER TO THIRD 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT AND SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This First Amendment and Limited Waiver to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement , dated as of July 29, 2024 (this Amendment ), by and among STONEX COMMODITY SOLUTIONS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC) (the Borrower , STONEX GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as INTL FCStone Inc.) (the Guarantor , the financial institutions executing this Amendment as Lenders, and CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent . 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 A. The Borrower, the Guarantor, the Lenders party thereto from time to time and the Administrative Agent entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 28, 2022, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ). All capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms have in the Credit Agreement. 
 B. The Borrower and the Administrative Agent entered into a Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of January 29, 2020, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Security Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the Security Agreement ). 
 C. The Borrower has requested that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent make certain amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the Termination Date to July 29, 2025 and decrease the Revolving Commitment to an amount equal to 300,000,000. 
 D. The Borrower has further requested that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent waive the Event of Default that may have arisen under Section 9.1(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement for failure to comply with Section 8.8(h) of the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with the filing of an all asset UCC-1 financing statement with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in favor of The Bank of New York Mellon, as secured party, with filing number 2024 1379443 (such financing statement, the BNY Financing Statement and such Event of Default, the Specified Default ), which the Lenders, constituting all Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Administrative Agent are willing to do, all on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 E. The Lenders party hereto and already a party to the Existing Credit Agreement have agreed to increase, decrease or maintain, as applicable, their respective Commitments. 
 F. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have agreed to the requested amendments and to waive the Specified Default. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 767320073 

Section 1. AMENDMENTS. 
 Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5 below, the Credit Agreement shall be and hereby is amended as follows 
 1.1 The Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto. 
 1.2 Section 2(n) of the Existing Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (n) Proceeds and products of the foregoing, and all insurance of the foregoing and proceeds thereof all of the foregoing being herein sometimes referred to as the Collateral provided that in no event shall any Permitted Accounts Receivables Sales, and deposits held therein, constitute Collateral. 
 1.3 The Existing Credit Agreement is hereby further amended by (i) replacing each of Schedule 1, Schedule 5.1, Schedule 6.5, Exhibit D and Exhibit G thereto, in each case, in its entirety with Schedule 1 , Schedule 5.1 , Schedule 6.5 , Exhibit D and Exhibit G attached hereto, respectively, and (ii) adding a new Schedule 5.1(A), Schedule 5.1(B), Schedule 5.1(C), Schedule 5.1(D), Schedule 5.1(E), Schedule 5.1(F) and Exhibit I, which, in each case, shall be attached to the Credit Agreement, as set forth in Schedule 5.1(A) , Schedule 5.1(B) , Schedule 5.1(C) , Schedule 5.1(D) , Schedule 5.1(E) , Schedule 5.1(F) and Exhibit I attached hereto, respectively. 
 Section 2. LIMITED WAIVER. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5 hereof, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby waive (the Limited Waiver the Specified Default. The parties hereto agree that the Limited Waiver shall be limited precisely as written and, except as expressly set forth in this Section 2 , shall not be deemed to be a consent to any amendment, waiver, or modification of any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Limited Waiver shall expire, and the Specified Default shall be an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall not have received, by not later than five (5) Business Days after the date hereof (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the BNY Financing Statement shall not have been terminated, or amended in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in order to constitute a Lien permitted under Section 8.8(h) of the Credit Agreement. 
 Section 3. COMMITMENTS EXITING LENDERS. 
 3.1 Each Lender (a) confirms that it has received such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment, and (b) agrees that it has, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit decisions to enter into this Amendment. Each Lender acknowledges that upon the effectiveness of this Amendment its Revolving Commitments are accurately set forth on Schedule 1 . 
 767320073 

3.2 Any Lender party to the Existing Credit Agreement that executes and delivers the consent attached hereto as Annex B and elects the cash settlement and exit option therein (each, a Consenting Exiting Lender shall have its Revolving Loans (and accrued interest) and all other amounts owing in respect of any Revolving Loans repaid in full as of the First Amendment Effective Date, and all Revolving Commitments of such Consenting Exiting Lender shall be deemed to be terminated as of the First Amendment Effective Date and shall have no rights or obligations under the Credit Agreement or other Loan Documents (except with respect to (i) Section 13.15 of the Credit Agreement, (ii) those provisions of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document which by their express terms survive the payment of the Obligations and termination of the Revolving Commitments (including the ability of the Lenders to submit any costs payable under Sections 10.1 and 10.2(a) and Section 1.9 of the Credit Agreement) and (iii) those other definitions and provisions of the Credit Agreement and such Loan Documents that are necessary to interpret, give effect to or enforce such foregoing Sections and provisions). 
 3.3 To the extent that any Lender party to the Existing Credit Agreement does not consent to this Amendment (such Lender, in such capacity, a Non-Consenting Lender ), the Revolving Commitments of such Non-Consenting Lender shall be replaced (and the Revolving Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender shall be assumed) by one or more Lenders party hereto in accordance with Section 1.11 of the Credit Agreement and Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement. All Revolving Loans (and accrued interest) of any Non-Consenting Lender shall be repaid in full as of the First Amendment Effective Date, and all Revolving Commitments of such Non-Consenting Lender shall be deemed to be terminated as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 3.4 Each Consenting Exiting Lender sells and assigns to each Lender party hereto (other than any other Consenting Existing Lender), on the First Amendment Effective Date, all of such Consenting Exiting Lender s interest in and rights and obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement (each an Assignment and, collectively, the Assignments ). After giving effect to such sale and assignment, the Revolving Commitments of each Lender hereunder will be as set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto. 
 3.5 Subject to any Borrowings and or prepayments occurring on the First Amendment Effective Date, in consideration of the Assignments contemplated hereby, each Lender party hereto (other than each Consenting Exiting Lender) shall promptly pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Consenting Exiting Lender an amount sufficient to effectuate the purchase of outstanding Revolving Loans from each Consenting Exiting Lender. 
 3.6 Each Consenting Exiting Lender (i) represents and warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interests being sold and assigned by it hereunder and that such interests are free and clear of any adverse claim created by it, (ii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto and (iii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Borrower or the performance or observance by the Borrower of its obligations under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto. 
 767320073 

Section 4. REALLOCATION OF REVOLVING LOANS. 
 Pursuant to this Amendment, upon the effectiveness hereof, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments will be decreased and, as a result, any Revolving Loans outstanding on the date hereof may not be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. To remedy the foregoing, on date hereof, to the extent any Revolving Loans are then outstanding, the Administrative Agent is authorized to reallocate the Revolving Loans (the Reallocated Loans so that after giving effect to this Amendment the Revolving Loans will be held by all the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. From and after the date hereof, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Reallocated Loans (including payments of interest, fees, and other amounts) to the respective Lenders that held such Reallocated Loans prior to the date hereof for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the date hereof and to the respective Lenders that held such Reallocated Loans on and after the date hereof for amounts which have accrued from and after the date hereof. If any Reallocated Loans are reallocated as set forth above on any day other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, the Borrower shall pay each Lender the amount that would be payable under Section 1.9 of the Credit Agreement as if such Reallocated Loans had been prepaid on the date hereof. 
 Section 5. CONDITIONS. 
 The effectiveness of this Amendment (the First Amendment Effective Date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 5.1 Amendment . The receipt by the Administrative Agent of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Guarantor, and the Lenders party hereto. 
 5.2 Notes . The receipt by the Administrative Agent of, if requested by any Lender, a duly executed Note of the Borrower in favor of such Lender, dated as of the date hereof, and otherwise in compliance with the provisions of Section 1.8 of the Credit Agreement. 
 5.3 Borrowing Base Certificate . The receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Base Certificate dated no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date hereof, showing the computation of the Borrowing Base (after giving effect to this Amendment) in reasonable detail. 
 5.4 Secretary Certificate . The receipt by the Administrative Agent of (i) copies of the Borrower s and the Guarantor s certificate of formation or articles of incorporation, as applicable, certified by the secretary of the state of its formation or incorporation, as applicable, and operating agreements or bylaws, as applicable (or comparable organizational documents) and any amendments thereto, (ii) copies of resolutions of the Borrower s and the Guarantor s Board of Directors (or similar governing body) authorizing the execution and delivery of this Amendment and performance of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) specimen signatures of the persons authorized to execute such documents on the Borrower s and the Guarantor s behalf and (iv) copies of the certificates of good standing for the Borrower and the Guarantor (dated no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the date hereof) from the office of the secretary of the state of its incorporation or formation, all certified, in each case, by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary. 
 767320073 

5.5 Legal Opinion . The receipt by the Administrative Agent of the favorable written opinion of counsel to the Borrower and each Guarantor, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 5.6 No Default or Event of Default (other than the Specified Default) shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result of giving effect to this Amendment. 
 5.7 Each of the representations and warranties set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be and remain true and correct as of said time, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 5.8 Fees . The payment by Borrower of (i) a fee for the benefit of each Lender, in such amounts as may have been disclosed to each such Lender and as agreed to by Borrower in a separate fee letter and (ii) all other fees, costs and expenses as may be owing to the Administrative Agent by Borrower (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent). 
 5.9 Lien Searches . The receipt by the Administrative Agent of UCC, tax, and judgment lien search results against the Property of the Borrower evidencing the absence of Liens on its Property except as permitted by Section 8.8 of the Credit Agreement. 
 5.10 KYC . The receipt by the Administrative Agent and each Lender at least five (5) days prior to the date hereof of (i) all documents, certificates, and other information requested by each Lender required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering regulations, including the Act, and (ii) a Beneficial Ownership Certification. 
 5.11 No Material Adverse Effect . There shall have been no change in the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, or Properties of the Borrower or the Guarantor shall have occurred since September 30, 2023, that has caused or could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 6. REPRESENTATIONS. 
 6.1 The Borrower heretofore executed and delivered to the Administrative the Collateral Documents. The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Liens created and provided for by the Collateral Documents continue to secure, among other things, the Secured Obligations and the Collateral Documents and the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent thereunder, the obligations of the Borrower thereunder, and the Liens created and provided for thereunder remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected, impaired or discharged hereby. Nothing herein contained shall in any manner affect or impair the priority of the Liens created and provided for by the Collateral Documents as to the indebtedness which would be secured thereby prior to giving effect to this Amendment. 
 6.2 The Guarantor hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions of this Amendment and consents to any modification of the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents effected pursuant to this Amendment. The Guarantor hereby confirms to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, after giving effect to this Amendment, the Guaranty set forth in Section 12 of the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party 
 767320073 

(including each agreement subordinating the Holdings Subordinated Debt to the Secured Obligations) continue in full force and effect and are the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor, enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with their terms except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). The Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that (i) notwithstanding the conditions to effectiveness set forth in this Amendment, the Guarantor is not required by the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document to consent to the waivers or modifications to the Existing Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Amendment and (ii) nothing in the Credit Agreement, this Amendment or any other Loan Document shall be deemed to require the consent of such Guarantor to any future waivers or modifications to the Credit Agreement. 
 6.3 In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto to execute and deliver this Amendment, the Borrower and the Guarantor hereby represent to the Administrative Agent and to the Lenders that as of the date hereof (a) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6 of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are and remain true and correct as if made on the date hereof (except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date) (and solely for purposes of this Section 6.3, the financial statements specified in Section 6.5 of the Credit Agreement, shall deem to refer to the financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 8.5(c) and (d) of the Credit Agreement, and the representations specified in Section 6.7 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be made on the First Amendment Effective Date) and (b) they are in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and no Default or Event of Default (other than the Specified Default) has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement or shall result after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 Section 7. RELEASE. The Borrower and the Guarantor hereby voluntarily and knowingly forever release, discharge, waive and relinquish any and all liabilities and causes of action of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether in law, in equity or before an administrative agency, whether known or unknown, direct or indirect, fixed or contingent, whether heretofore asserted or not, and whether arising based on a tort or breach of contractual or other duty, arising under or in connection with this Amendment, any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated thereby, based on the acts or omissions of the Administrative Agent or any Lender and any such Person s past and present officers, directors, managers, employees, partners, agents, shareholders, members, trustees, predecessors, successors, and assigns (the Released Parties existing on or before the First Amendment Effective Date, that the Borrower and the Guarantor ever had, have or may have against the Released Parties. 
 Section 8. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 8.1 Except as specifically amended herein, each of the Existing Credit Agreement and the Existing Security Agreement, as applicable, shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its original terms. Reference to this specific Amendment need not be made in the Credit Agreement, the Notes, the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to or with respect to the Credit Agreement or Security Agreement, as applicable, any reference in any of such items to the 
 767320073 

Existing Credit Agreement or the Existing Security Agreement, as applicable, being sufficient to refer to the Credit Agreement or Security Agreement, as applicable. 
 8.2 The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses of or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, including the fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent. 
 8.3 This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. 
 8.4 This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with, and all matters arising out of or relating in any way whatsoever to this Amendment (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York, other than those conflict of law provisions that would defer to the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This governing law election has been made by the parties hereto in reliance (at least in part) on Section 5-1401 of the General Obligation Law of the State of New York, as amended (as and to the extent applicable), and other applicable law. 
 8.5 The Borrower, the Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto irrevocably waive any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 8.6 This Amendment may be executed counterparts in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or in electronic (e.g., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 
 SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW 
 767320073 

This Amendment is entered into between us for the uses and purposes hereinabove set forth as of the date first above written. 
 Borrower 
 
 STONEX COMMODITY SOLUTIONS LLC 
 
 By s Brent Grecian 
 Name Brent Grecian 
 Title CEO 

Guarantor 
 
 STONEX GROUP INC. 
 
 By s William J. Dunaway 
 Name William J. Dunaway 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to First Amendment and Limited Waiver to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement 

Administrative Agent And Lenders 
 
 CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as Administrative Agent, L C Issuer, and a Lender 

By s Naoko Kojima 
 Name Naoko Kojima 
 Title Managing Director 

By s Haydn Scarr 
 Name Hadyn Scarr 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 BANK OF MONTREAL, CHICAGO BRANCH, as a Lender 

By s Krupa Tantuwaya 
 Name Krupa Tantuwaya 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 ING CAPITAL LLC, as a Lender 

By s Christopher Weik 
 Name Christopher Weik 
 Title Director 
 
 By s Caroline Vincent 
 Name Caroline Vincent 
 Title Director 
 
 COBANK, ACB, as a Lender 

By s Jared Greene 
 Name Jared Greene 
 Title Assistant Corporate Secretary 

Signature Page to First Amendment and Limited Waiver to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By s Kathleen Mooney 
 Name Kathleen Mooney 
 Title Director 
 
 THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender 

By s Martin H. McGinty 
 Name Martin H. McGinty 
 Title Director 
 
 ARVEST BANK, as a Lender 

By s Kevin J. Rooney 
 Name Kevin J. Rooney 
 Title SVP 
 
 COMPEER FINANCIAL, PCA, as a Lender 

By s Rick Harbath 
 Name Rick Harbath 
 Title VP Food & Agribusiness 

VALLEY NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender 

By s Cliff Niebling 
 Name Cliff Niebling 
 Title First Vice President 
 
 HIGH PLAINS FARM CREDIT, FLCA, as a Lender 

By s Alan Robinson 
 Name Alan Robinson 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to First Amendment and Limited Waiver to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 5
 stonex-increaserequestwf20.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 I NCREASE R EQUEST 
 Dated August 5, 2024 
 To Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders and L C Issuer parties to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2022, StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC (formerly known as FCStone Merchant Services, LLC) (the Borrower ), StoneX Group Inc. (formerly known as INTL FCStone Inc.) Holdings ), the other Guarantors from time to time party thereto, certain Lenders party thereto, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 The undersigned, Borrower, hereby refers to the Credit Agreement and requests that the Administrative Agent consent to an increase in the aggregate Commitments (the Revolver Increase ), in accordance with Section 1.14 of the Credit Agreement, to be effected by the addition of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the New Lender ), as a Lender under the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms have in the Credit Agreement. After giving effect to this Increase Request (this Revolver Increase ), the Commitment of the New Lender shall be 25,000,000, and Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement shall hereby be deemed to be amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto. 
 1. The New Lender hereby confirms that it has received a copy of the Loan Documents and the exhibits related thereto, together with copies of the documents which were required to be delivered under the Credit Agreement as a condition to the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit thereunder. The New Lender acknowledges and agrees that it has made and will continue to make, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, its own credit analysis and decisions relating to the Credit Agreement. The New Lender further acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent has not made any representations or warranties about the credit worthiness of Holdings, the Borrower or any Borrower Subsidiary or any other party to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or with respect to the legality, validity, sufficiency or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or the value of any security therefor. 
 1 
 770000814 

2. Except as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, effective as of the date of acceptance hereof by the Administrative Agent, the New Lender (i) shall be deemed automatically to have become a party to the Credit Agreement and have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Credit Agreement as if it were an original signatory thereto and (ii) agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement as if it were an original signatory thereto. 
 3. The New Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire. 
 4. The New Lender has delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (or is delivering to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent concurrently herewith), as required, the tax forms referred to in Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement. 
 THIS REVOLVER INCREASE SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION UNDER, AND SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 The Revolver Increase shall be effective when the executed consent of the Administrative Agent is received or otherwise in accordance with Section 1.14 of the Credit Agreement, but not in any case prior to August 5, 2024. It shall be a condition to the effectiveness of the Revolver Increase that all expenses referred to in Section 1.14 of the Credit Agreement shall have been paid. 
 The Borrower hereby certifies that (a) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (b) each of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6 of the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents is and remains true and correct on the effective date of this Revolver Increase, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW 

Please indicate your consent to such Revolver Increase by signing the enclosed copy of this letter in the space provided below. 
 Very truly yours, 
 STONEX COMMODITY SOLUTIONS LLC 
 By s Ernesto Rambaldini 
 Name Ernesto Rambaldini 
 Title Senior Vice President 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as New Lender and as a Lender 
 By s Michael Lim 
 Name Michael Lim 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Increase Request 

The undersigned hereby consents on the date first above written to the above-requested Revolver Increase. 
 CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH as Administrative Agent and L C Issuer 
 By s Naoko Kojima 
 Name Naoko Kojima 
 Title Managing Director 
 By s Andres Munoz 
 Name Andres Munoz 
 Title Executive Director 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 6
 barclays_stonex-arfa2024.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 
 CONFORMED COPY 

USD 115,000,000 single currency revolving facility agreement 
 Originally dated 14 October 2020, as amended by amendment and restatement agreements dated 7 December 2020, 18 November 2021, 13 October 2022, 12 October 2023 and 9 October 2024, as amended by an amendment letter dated 31 October 2024 and reflecting the Accordion Option Notice dated 31 October 2024 
 
 StoneX Financial Ltd 
 (the Borrower) 
 StoneX Group Inc. 
 (the Parent) 
 Barclays Bank PLC 
 (as Agent) 
 Barclays Bank PLC 
 (as Coordinator) 
 Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
 One Fleet Place 
 London EC4M 7WS 
 United Kingdom 
 DX 242 

26 November 2024 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.4Contents (1) 

Contents 
 1 Definitions and interpretation 1 
 Section 2 The Facility 23 
 2 The Facility 23 
 3 Purpose 29 
 4 Conditions of Utilisation 30 
 Section 3 Utilisation 31 
 5 Utilisation 31 
 Section 4 Repayment, prepayment and cancellation 33 
 6 Ancillary Facilities 33 
 7 Repayment 37 
 8 Prepayment and cancellation 39 
 Section 5 Costs of Utilisation 43 
 9 Interest 43 
 10 Interest Periods 44 
 11 Break Costs 44 
 12 Fees 44 
 Section 6 Additional payment obligations 46 
 13 Tax gross-up and indemnities 46 
 14 Increased Costs 54 
 15 Other indemnities 56 
 16 Mitigation by the Lenders 57 
 17 Costs and expenses 57 
 Section 7 - Guarantee 59 
 18 Guarantee and indemnity 59 
 Section 8 Representations, undertakings and Events of Default 62 
 19 Representations 62 
 20 Information undertakings 66 
 21 Financial covenants 69 
 22 General undertakings 69 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Contents (1) 

23 Events of Default 75 
 Section 9 Changes to Parties 79 
 24 Changes to the Lenders 79 
 25 Changes to the Obligors 84 
 26 Restriction on Debt Purchase Transactions 84 
 Section 10 The Finance Parties 85 
 27 Role of the Agent 85 
 28 Conduct of business by the Finance Parties 94 
 29 Sharing among the Finance Parties 94 
 Section 11 Administration 96 
 30 Payment mechanics 96 
 31 Set-off 100 
 32 Notices 100 
 33 Calculations and certificates 102 
 34 Partial invalidity 103 
 35 Remedies and waivers 103 
 36 Amendments and waivers 103 
 37 Confidential Information 106 
 38 Counterparts 111 
 39 Bail-In 111 
 40 Waiver of consequential damages 112 
 41 USA Patriot Act 113 
 Section 12 Governing law and enforcement 114 
 42 Governing law 114 
 43 Enforcement 114 
 Schedule 1 The Lenders (as at 31 October 2024) 115 
 Schedule 2 Conditions precedent 116 
 Schedule 3 Utilisation Request 118 
 Schedule 4 Form of Transfer Certificate 119 
 Schedule 5 Form of Assignment Agreement 122 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Contents (2) 

Schedule 6 Form of Compliance Certificate 125 
 Schedule 7 Form of Extension Request 126 
 Schedule 8 Timetables 127 
 Schedule 9 Form of Increase Confirmation 128 
 Schedule 10 Form of Accordion Option Notice 131 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Contents (3) 

Facility agreement 
 Originally dated 14 October 2020 
 Between 
 (1) StoneX Group Inc. , a corporation incorporated in Delaware in the US with registered number 2141726 (the Parent 
 (2) StoneX Financial Ltd , a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 05616586 (the Borrower 
 (3) The financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 The Lenders as lenders (the Original Lenders 
 (4) Barclays Bank PLC as agent of the other Finance Parties (the Agent and 
 (5) Barclays Bank PLC as coordinator on behalf of the Finance Parties (the Coordinator ). 
 It is agreed 
 Section Interpretation 
 1 Definitions and interpretation 
 1. Definitions 
 In this Agreement 
 Acceptable Bank means 
 (a) a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non credit-enhanced debt obligations of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited or a comparable rating from an internationally recognised credit rating agency or 
 (b) any other bank or financial institution approved by the Agent. 
 Accordion Option means the option available to the Borrower (in accordance with Clause 2.6 Accordion option )) to request an increase in the Total Commitments. 
 Accordion Option Notice means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 10 Form of Accordion Option Notice ). 
 Affiliate means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company. 
 Ancillary Commencement Date means, in relation to an Ancillary Facility, the date on which that Ancillary Facility is first made available, which date shall be a Business Day within the Availability Period for the Facility. 
 Ancillary Commitment means, in relation to an Ancillary Lender and an Ancillary Facility, the maximum amount which that Ancillary Lender has agreed (whether or not subject to 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 1 

satisfaction of conditions precedent) to make available from time to time under an Ancillary Facility and which has been authorised as such under Clause 6 Ancillary Facilities to the extent that amount is not cancelled or reduced under this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents relating to that Ancillary Facility. 
 Ancillary Document means each document relating to or evidencing the terms of an Ancillary Facility. 
 Ancillary Facility means any ancillary facility made available by an Ancillary Lender in accordance with Clause 6 Ancillary Facilities ). 
 Ancillary Lender means each Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender) which makes available an Ancillary Facility in accordance with Clause 6 Ancillary Facilities ). 
 Ancillary Outstandings means, at any time, in relation to an Ancillary Lender and an Ancillary Facility then in force the aggregate of the following amounts outstanding under that Ancillary Facility 
 (b) the principal amount under each overdraft facility and on-demand short term loan facility (net of any Available Credit Balance) 
 (c) the face amount of each guarantee, bond and letter of credit under that Ancillary Facility and 
 (d) the amount fairly representing the aggregate exposure (excluding interest and similar charges) of that Ancillary Lender under each other type of accommodation provided under that Ancillary Facility, 
 in each case as determined by such Ancillary Lender, acting reasonably in accordance with its normal banking practice and in accordance with the relevant Ancillary Document. 
 Assignment Agreement means an agreement substantially in the form set out in Schedule 5 Form of Assignment Agreement or any other form agreed between the relevant assignor and assignee. 
 Authorisation means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, notarisation or registration. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the date of this Agreement to and including the Termination Date. 
 Available Commitment means a Lender's Commitment minus (subject as set out below) 
 (e) the amount of its participation in any outstanding Loans and the aggregate of its Ancillary Commitments and 
 (f) in relation to any proposed Utilisation, the amount of its participation in any Loans that are due to be made on or before the proposed Utilisation Date and the amount of its and its Affiliate's Ancillary Commitment in relation to any new Ancillary Facility that is due to be made available on or before the proposed Utilisation Date. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 2 

For the purposes of calculating a Lender's Available Commitment in relation to any proposed Loan the following amounts shall not be deducted from that Lender's Commitment 
 (i) that Lender's participation in any Loans that are due to be repaid or prepaid on or before the proposed Utilisation Date and 
 (ii) that Lender's (and its Affiliate's) Ancillary Commitments to the extent that they are due to be reduced or cancelled on or before the proposed Utilisation Date. 
 Available Credit Balance means, in relation to an Ancillary Facility, credit balances on any account of the Borrower with the Ancillary Lender making available that Ancillary Facility to the extent that those credit balances are freely available to be set off by that Ancillary Lender against liabilities owed to it by the Borrower under that Ancillary Facility. 
 Available Facility means the aggregate for the time being of each Lender's Available Commitment. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of 
 (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA 
 (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or 
 (c) any entity whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Borrower Group means the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the time being. 
 Break Costs means the amount (if any) by which 
 (a) the interest which a Lender should have received for the period from the date of receipt of all or any part of its participation in a Loan or Unpaid Sum to the last day of the current Interest Period in respect of that Loan or Unpaid Sum, had the principal amount or Unpaid Sum received been paid on the last day of that Interest Period 
 exceeds 
 (b) the amount which that Lender would be able to obtain by placing an amount equal to the principal amount or Unpaid Sum received by it on deposit with a leading bank for a period starting on the Business Day following receipt or recovery and ending on the last day of the current Interest Period. 
 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in London and New York. 
 Cash Equivalent Investments means at any time 
 (c) certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and issued by an Acceptable Bank 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 3 

(d) any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government of the United States of America, the United Kingdom, any member state of the European Economic Area or any Participating Member State or by an instrumentality or agency of any of them having an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and not convertible or exchangeable to any other security 
 (e) commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security 
 (i) for which a recognised trading market exists 
 (ii) issued by an issuer incorporated in the United States of America, the United Kingdom, any member state of the European Economic Area or any Participating Member State 
 (iii) which matures within one year after the relevant date of calculation and 
 (iv) which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating 
 (f) sterling bills of exchange eligible for rediscount at the Bank of England and accepted by an Acceptable Bank (or their dematerialised equivalent) 
 (g) any investment in money market funds which 
 (i) have a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited and 
 (ii) invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described in paragraphs (a) to (d) above, 
 to the extent that investment can be turned into cash on not more than 30 days' notice 
 (h) repurchase agreements entered into by any entity with a bank or trust company (including any of the Lenders) or recognised securities dealer having capital and surplus in excess of USD 500,000,000 for direct obligations issued by or fully guaranteed by the government of the United States of America, or the government of the United Kingdom, in which such entity shall have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to no other Security) and having, on the date of purchase thereof, a fair market value of at least 100 per cent of the amount of the repurchase obligations or 
 (i) any other debt security approved by the Majority Lenders, 
 in each case, to which any Obligor or member of the Borrower Group is alone (or together with any other Obligor or member of the Borrower Group) beneficially entitled at that time and which is not issued or guaranteed by any Obligor or member of the Borrower Group or subject to any Security. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 4 

Central Bank Rate means 
 (a) the short-term interest rate target set by the US Federal Open Market Committee as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from time to time or 
 (b) if that target is not a single figure, the arithmetic mean of 
 (i) the upper bound of the short-term interest rate target range set by the US Federal Open Market Committee and published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and 
 (ii) the lower bound of that target range. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means in relation to the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business on any SOFR Banking Day, the mean (calculated by the Agent (or by any other Finance Party which agrees to do so in place of the Agent)) of the Central Bank Rate Spreads for the five most immediately preceding SOFR Banking Days for which SOFR was available, excluding the days with the highest (and, if there is more than one highest spread, only one of those highest spreads) and lowest spreads (and, if there is more than one lowest spread, only one of those lowest spreads) to the Central Bank Rate. 
 Central Bank Rate Spread means, in relation to any SOFR Banking Day, the difference (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) calculated by the Agent (or by any other Finance Party which agrees to do so in place of the Agent) of 
 (a) SOFR for that SOFR Banking Day and 
 (b) the Central Bank Rate prevailing at close of business on that SOFR Banking Day. 
 Code means the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Commitment means 
 (a) in relation to an Original Lender, the amount set opposite its name under the heading Commitment in Schedule 1 The Lenders and the amount of any other Commitment transferred to it under this Agreement or assumed by it in accordance with Clause 2.2 Increase and 
 (b) in relation to any other Lender, the amount of any Commitment transferred to it under this Agreement or assumed by it in accordance with Clause 2.2 Increase or Clause 2.6 Accordion option ), 
 to the extent not cancelled, reduced or transferred by it under this Agreement. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 6 Form of Compliance Certificate ). 
 Confidential Information means all information relating to the Borrower, any Obligor, the Group, the Finance Documents or the Facility of which a Finance Party becomes aware in its capacity as, or for the purpose of becoming, a Finance Party or which is received by a Finance Party in relation to, or for the purpose of becoming a Finance Party under, the Finance Documents or the Facility from either 
 (c) any member of the Group or any of its advisers or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 5 

(d) another Finance Party, if the information was obtained by that Finance Party directly or indirectly from any member of the Group or any of its advisers, 
 in whatever form, and includes information given orally and any document, electronic file or any other way of representing or recording information which contains or is derived or copied from such information but excludes information that 
 (i) is or becomes public information other than as a direct or indirect result of any breach by that Finance Party of Clause 37 Confidential Information 
 (ii) is identified in writing at the time of delivery as non-confidential by any member of the Group or any of its advisers 
 (iii) is known by that Finance Party before the date the information is disclosed to it in accordance with paragraphs (a) or (b) above or is lawfully obtained by that Finance Party after that date, from a source which is, as far as that Finance Party is aware, unconnected with the Group and which, in either case, as far as that Finance Party is aware, has not been obtained in breach of, and is not otherwise subject to, any obligation of confidentiality. 
 Confidentiality Undertaking means a confidentiality undertaking substantially in a form recommended by the LMA or in any other form agreed between the Borrower and the Agent. 
 CTA means the Corporation Tax Act 2009. 
 Daily Rate means, for any SOFR Banking Day 
 (a) SOFR for that SOFR Banking Day 
 (b) if SOFR is not available for that SOFR Banking Day, the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of 
 (i) the Central Bank Rate for that SOFR Banking Day and 
 (ii) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment or 
 (c) if paragraph (b) above applies but the Central Bank Rate for that day is not available, the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of 
 (i) the most recent Central Bank Rate for a day which is no more than five SOFR Banking Days before that day and 
 (ii) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 
 Debt Purchase Transaction means, in relation to a person, a transaction where such person 
 (a) purchases by way of assignment or transfer 
 (b) enters into any sub-participation in respect of or 
 (c) enters into any other agreement or arrangement having an economic effect substantially similar to a sub-participation in respect of, 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 6 

any Commitment or amount outstanding under this Agreement. 
 Default means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 23 Events of Default which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender 
 (d) which has failed to make its participation in a Loan available (or has notified the Agent or the Parent (which has notified the Agent) that it will not make its participation in a Loan available) by the Utilisation Date of that Loan in accordance with Clause 5.4 Lenders' participation 
 (e) which has otherwise rescinded or repudiated a Finance Document or 
 (f) with respect to which an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
 unless, in the case of paragraph (a) above 
 (i) its failure to pay is caused by 
 (A) administrative or technical error or 
 (B) a Disruption Event, 
 and payment is made within five Business Days of its due date or 
 (ii) the Lender is disputing in good faith whether it is contractually obliged to make the payment in question 
 Designated Gross Amount means the amount notified by the Borrower to the Agent upon the establishment of a Multi-account Overdraft as being the maximum amount of Gross Outstandings that will, at any time, be outstanding under that Multi-account Overdraft. 
 Designated Net Amount means the amount notified by the Borrower to the Agent upon the establishment of a Multi-account Overdraft as being the maximum amount of Net Outstandings that will, at any time, be outstanding under that Multi-account Overdraft. 
 Disruption Event means either or both of 
 (a) a material disruption to those payment or communications systems or to those financial markets which are, in each case, required to operate in order for payments to be made in connection with the Facility (or otherwise in order for the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents to be carried out) which disruption is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, any of the Parties or 
 (b) the occurrence of any other event which results in a disruption (of a technical or systems-related nature) to the treasury or payments operations of a Party preventing that, or any other Party 
 (i) from performing its payment obligations under the Finance Documents or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 7 

(ii) from communicating with other Parties in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, 
 and which (in either such case) is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, the Party whose operations are disrupted. 
 Effective Date means the Effective Date as defined in the Fifth Amendment and Restatement Agreement. 
 Eligible Institution means any Lender or other bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity selected by the Borrower and which, in each case, is not a member of the Group. 
 Enhanced Daily Rate means, in relation to any day, the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of 
 (a) the Daily Rate for the day falling two days before that day (the Relevant Day), or if the Relevant Day is not a SOFR Banking Day, the immediately preceding SOFR Banking Day and 
 (b) 0.00644 per cent. per annum, 
 and, in each case, if that rate is less than zero, the Enhanced Daily Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 Event of Default means any event or circumstance specified as such in Clause 23 Events of Default ). 
 Extension Option means the option of the Borrower to request an extension of the Termination Date in accordance with the provisions of Clause 2.5 Extension Option ). 
 Extension Request means a request made by the Borrower under Clause 2.5 Extension Option to extend the Termination Date substantially in the form of Schedule 7 Form of Extension Request ). 
 Facility means the revolving loan facility made available under this Agreement as described in paragraph (a) of Clause 2 The Facility ). 
 Facility Office means the office or offices notified by a Lender to the Agent in writing on or before the date it becomes a Lender (or, following that date, by not less than five Business Days' written notice) as the office or offices through which it will perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 FATCA means 
 (b) sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code or any associated regulations 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 8 

(c) any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the US and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of any law or regulation referred to in paragraph (a) above or 
 (d) any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction. 
 FATCA Application Date means 
 (e) in relation to a withholdable payment described in section 1473(1)(A)(i) of the Code (which relates to payments of interest and certain other payments from sources within the US), 1 July 2014 or 
 (f) in relation to a passthru payment described in section 1471(d)(7) of the Code not falling within paragraph (a) above, the first date from which such payment may become subject to a deduction or withholding required by FATCA. 
 FATCA Deduction means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Finance Document required by FATCA. 
 FATCA Exempt Party means a Party that is entitled to receive payments free from any FATCA Deduction. 
 FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority, or any of its authorised successors. 
 Fee Letter means 
 (g) any letter or letters dated on or about the date of this Agreement between the Agent and the Borrower setting out any of the fees referred to in Clause 12 Fees 
 (h) any letters or letters dated on or about the date of the Third Amendment and Restatement Agreement between the Agent and the Borrower setting out the fee referred to in Clause 12 Fees of this Agreement and or between any Lender and the Borrower setting out any of the fees set out in clause 7 of the Third Amendment and Restatement Agreement 
 (i) any agreement setting out fees payable to the Agent or a Lender in connection with an exercise of the Accordion Option and 
 (j) any agreement setting out fees payable to a Finance Party referred to in Clause 12.4 Interest, commission and fees on Ancillary Facilities or under any other Finance Document. 
 Fifth Amendment and Restatement Agreement means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 9 October 2024 between the Obligors, the Lenders, the Agent and the Coordinator. 
 Finance Document means this Agreement, the First Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the Third Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the Fourth Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the Fifth Amendment and Restatement Agreement, any Ancillary Document, any Fee Letter, any 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 9 

Extension Request, any Accordion Option Notice and any other document designated as such by the Agent and the Borrower. 
 Finance Lease means any lease or hire purchase contract, a liability under which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a balance sheet liability (other than a lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with the GAAP in force prior to 1 January 2019, have been treated as an operating lease). 
 Finance Party means the Agent, a Lender or any Ancillary Lender. 
 Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness for or in respect of 
 (k) moneys borrowed 
 (l) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent 
 (m) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument 
 (n) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a balance sheet liability (other than any liability in respect of a lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP in force prior to 1 January 2019, have been treated as an operating lease) 
 (o) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis) 
 (p) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) of a type not referred to in any other paragraph of this definition having the commercial effect of a borrowing 
 (q) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount) shall be taken into account) 
 (r) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution and 
 (s) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h) above. 
 First Amendment and Restatement Agreement means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 7 December 2020 between the Obligors, Barclays Bank PLC as Original Lender and the Agent. 
 Fourth Amendment and Restatement Agreement means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 12 October 2023 between the Obligors, the Lenders, the Agent and the Coordinator. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 10 

GAAP means 
 (t) in respect of the Borrower, generally accepted accounting principles in the United Kingdom, including IFRS and 
 (u) in respect of the Parent, generally accepted accounting principles in the US. 
 Group means the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the time being. 
 Gross Outstandings means, in relation to a Multi-account Overdraft, the Ancillary Outstandings of that Multi-account Overdraft but calculated on the basis that the words (net of any Available Credit Balance) in paragraph (a) of the definition of Ancillary Outstandings were deleted. 
 HMT means His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
 Holding Company means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of which it is a Subsidiary. 
 IFRS means international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regulation 1606 2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. 
 Impaired Agent means the Agent at any time when 
 (v) it has failed to make (or has notified a Party that it will not make) a payment required to be made by it under the Finance Documents by the due date for payment 
 (w) the Agent otherwise rescinds or repudiates a Finance Document 
 (x) (if the Agent is also a Lender) it is a Defaulting Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Defaulting Lender or 
 (y) an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Agent 
 unless, in the case of paragraph (a) above 
 (i) its failure to pay is caused by 
 (A) administrative or technical error or 
 (B) a Disruption Event and 
 payment is made within five Business Days of its due date or 
 (ii) the Agent is disputing in good faith whether it is contractually obliged to make the payment in question. 
 Increase Confirmation means a confirmation substantially in the form set out in Schedule 9 Form of Increase Confirmation ). 
 Increase Lender has the meaning given to that term in Clause 2.2 Increase ). 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 11 

Insolvency Event in relation to an entity means that the entity 
 (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger) 
 (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
 (d) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official 
 (e) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in paragraph (d) above and 
 (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or 
 (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof 
 (f) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger) 
 (g) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets (other than, for so long as it is required by law or regulation not to be publicly disclosed, any such appointment which is to be made, or is made, by a person or entity described in paragraph (d) above) 
 (h) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter 
 (i) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (h) above or 
 (j) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 12 

Interest Period means, in relation to a Loan, each period determined in accordance with Clause 10 Interest Periods and, in relation to an Unpaid Sum, each period determined in accordance with Clause 9.3 Default interest ). 
 Investment means any direct or indirect investment by an entity, whether by means of 
 (a) the purchase or other acquisition of an equity interest in another entity 
 (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another entity or 
 (c) the acquisition of all or any substantial part of the property of, or a line of business or division of, another entity. 
 ITA means the Income Tax Act 2007. 
 Joint Venture means any joint venture entity, whether a company, unincorporated firm, undertaking, association, joint venture or partnership or any other entity. 
 Lender means 
 (k) any Original Lender and 
 (l) any bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity which has become a Party as a Lender in accordance with Clause 2.2 Increase or Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders ), 
 which in each case has not ceased to be a Party as such in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 LMA means the Loan Market Association. 
 LME means the recognised investment exchange and regulated market operated by The London Metal Exchange (FS Register number 207387). 
 LME Clear means LME Clear Limited (registered in England and Wales under company number 07611628). 
 LME Rules and Procedures means LME Clear Limited Rules and Procedures published on 22 April 2019 (as varied, amended and or supplemented from time to time). 
 Loan means a loan made or to be made under the Facility or the principal amount outstanding for the time being of that loan. 
 Majority Lenders means a Lender or Lenders whose Commitments aggregate more than 66 2 3 per cent. of the Total Commitments (or, if the Total Commitments have been reduced to zero, aggregated more than 66 2 3 per cent. of the Total Commitments immediately prior to the reduction). 
 Margin means 2.50 per cent. per annum. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 13 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on 
 (m) the business, operations, property or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Group taken as a whole 
 (n) the ability of an Obligor to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents or 
 (o) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the rights or remedies of any Finance Party under any of the Finance Documents. 
 Month means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month, except that 
 (p) (subject to paragraph (c) below) if the numerically corresponding day is not a Business Day, that period shall end on the next Business Day in that calendar month in which that period is to end if there is one or, if there is not, on the immediately preceding Business Day 
 (q) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which that period is to end, that period shall end on the last Business Day in that calendar month and 
 (r) if an Interest Period begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month, that Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day in the calendar month in which that Interest Period is to end. 
 The above rules will only apply to the last Month of any period. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Multi-account Overdraft means an Ancillary Facility which is an overdraft facility comprising more than one account. 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 Net Outstandings means, in relation to a Multi-account Overdraft, the Ancillary Outstandings of that Multi-account Overdraft 
 New Lender has the meaning given to that term in Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders ). 
 Obligor means the Borrower or the Parent. 
 OFAC means the Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States of America. 
 Original Financial Statements means 
 (s) in relation to the Borrower, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower Group for the financial year ended 2019 and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 14 

(t) in relation to the Parent, its audited financial statements for its financial year ended 2019. 
 Parent Facility Agreement means the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of 22 February 2019 between, amongst others, the Parent (as borrower) and Bank of America, N.A. (as administrative agent, swing line lender and L C issuer), in such form as is in existence as at the date of this Agreement. 
 Party means a party to this Agreement. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Parent and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
 Permitted Acquisition means 
 (u) an acquisition by an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group of an asset sold, leased, transferred or otherwise disposed of by another Obligor or member of the Borrower Group in circumstances constituting a Permitted Disposal 
 (v) an acquisition of shares or securities in an existing Subsidiary for non-cash consideration 
 (w) an acquisition of securities which are Cash Equivalent Investments 
 (x) in respect of the Parent, any acquisition that it is permitted to make under the terms of the Parent Facility Agreement 
 (y) the incorporation of a company which on incorporation becomes a member of the Borrower Group, but only if that company is incorporated the European Union or the United Kingdom with limited liability 
 (z) an acquisition (not being an acquisition by the Parent or the Borrower), for cash consideration, of (A) all of the issued share capital of a limited liability company or (B) (if the acquisition is made by a limited liability company whose sole purpose is to make the acquisition) a business or undertaking carried on as a going concern, but only if 
 (i) no Default is continuing on the closing date for the acquisition or would occur as a result of the acquisition 
 (ii) the acquired company, business or undertaking is incorporated or established, and carries on its principal business in, the European Union or the United Kingdom and is engaged in a business substantially the same as that carried on by an Obligor or the Borrower Group 
 (iii) the consideration (including associated costs and expenses) for the acquisition and any Financial Indebtedness or other assumed actual or contingent liability, in each case remaining in the acquired company (or any such business) at the date of acquisition (when aggregated with the consideration (including associated costs and expenses) for any other Permitted Acquisition and any Financial Indebtedness or other assumed actual or contingent liability, in each case remaining in any such acquired 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 15 

companies or businesses at the time of acquisition (the Total Purchase Price does not in any financial year of the Borrower exceed in aggregate USD 50,000,000 or its equivalent, 
 and only if such acquisition is not funded by a Loan. 
 For the purposes of calculating the consideration paid in any financial year of the Borrower under paragraph (f)(iii) above, any deferred portion of the Total Purchase Price and or any earn-out payments in connection with an acquisition shall be only that counted in the financial year in which such amount is actually paid. 
 Permitted Disposal means any disposal permitted under paragraph (b) of Clause 22.4 Disposals ). 
 Permitted Financial Indebtedness means Financial Indebtedness 
 (a) to the extent covered by a letter of credit, guarantee or indemnity issued under an Ancillary Facility 
 (b) arising under the Parent Facility Agreement 
 (c) in respect of the Parent, that it is permitted to incur under the terms of the Parent Facility Agreement (including any refinancing of such Financial Indebtedness which is permitted under the terms of the Parent Facility Agreement) 
 (d) arising under 
 (i) a foreign exchange transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates where that foreign exchange exposure arises in the ordinary course of trade, but not a foreign exchange transaction for investment or speculative purposes or 
 (ii) an interest rate transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in interest rates where that interest rate exposure arises in the ordinary course of trade, but not an interest rate transaction for investment or speculative purposes. 
 (e) of any person acquired by a member of the Borrower Group after the date of this Agreement which is incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not incurred or increased or having its maturity date extended in contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and Permitted Refinancings of such Financial Indebtedness 
 (f) under Finance Leases of vehicles, plant, equipment or computers, provided that the aggregate capital value of all such items so leased under outstanding leases by members of the Borrower Group does not exceed USD 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time 
 (g) arising under a warrant financing facility agreement entered into between the Borrower and Bank of China Limited, London Branch prior to the date of this Agreement on the terms that are in place as at the date of this Agreement up to a maximum principal amount of USD 75,000,000 (or such lower amount as agreed between the Borrower and each of the Lenders) 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 16 

(h) incurred by a member of the Borrower Group under credit facilities which are permitted under the Parent Facility Agreement and which are entered into to finance the purchase of metal warrants or metal leases as lessee or lessor and 
 (i) not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding amount of which does not exceed USD 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Borrower Group at any time. 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any entity, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Financial Indebtedness of such entity, provided that 
 (a) the principal amount thereof does not exceed the principal amount of the Financial Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilised thereunder 
 (b) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a weighted average life to maturity equal to or greater than, the remaining weighted average life to maturity of, the Financial Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended 
 (c) at the time thereof, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (d) if such Financial Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the liabilities of the Obligors under the Finance Documents, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the those liabilities on terms at least as favourable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Financial Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended 
 (e) the terms and conditions (excluding as to subordination and redemption premium) of any such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended Financial Indebtedness, taken as a whole, shall not be materially less favourable to the Obligors than the Financial Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, taken as a whole and the interest rate applicable to any such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended Indebtedness shall not exceed the then applicable market rate of interest 
 (f) if such Financial Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended was unsecured, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension shall also be unsecured (unless otherwise permitted under the terms of this Agreement) and 
 (h) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is incurred by one or more entities which is an obligor of the Financial Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended. 
 Permitted Reorganisation means the reorganisation of the Group in accordance with the organisational charts and other information provided to the Finance Parties prior to the date of 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 17 

this Agreement, and which arises as a result of the acquisition of GAIN Capital Holdings Inc. by the Parent. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees. 
 Qualifying Lender has the meaning given to it in Clause 13 Tax gross-up and indemnities). 
 Quotation Day means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two Business Days before the first day of that period unless market practice differs in the Relevant Market, in which case the Quotation Day will be determined by the Agent in accordance with market practice in the Relevant Market (and if quotations would normally be given on more than one day, the Quotation Day will be the last of those days). 
 Related Fund in relation to a fund (the first fund ), means a fund which is managed or advised by the same investment manager or investment adviser as the first fund or, if it is managed by a different investment manager or investment adviser, a fund whose investment manager or investment adviser is an Affiliate of the investment manager or investment adviser of the first fund. 
 Relevant Market means the London interbank market. 
 Repeating Representations means each of the representations set out in Clauses 19.1 Status to 19.6 Governing law and enforcement ), 19.9 No default ), 19.10 No misleading information ), 19.11 Financial statements ), 19.12 Pari passu ranking ), 19.14 No proceedings ), 19.17 Investment Company Act and 19.18 Margin Stock ). 
 Representative means any delegate, agent, manager, administrator, nominee, attorney, trustee or custodian. 
 Restricted Party means a person that is 
 (a) listed on, or owned or controlled by a person listed on, a Sanctions List, or a person acting on behalf of such a person 
 (b) located in or organised under the laws of a country or territory that is the subject of country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions, or a person who is owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of such a person or 
 (c) otherwise a subject of Sanctions. 
 Rollover Loan means one or more Loans 
 (a) made or to be made on the same day that a maturing Loan is due to be repaid 
 (b) the aggregate amount of which is equal to or less than the amount of the maturing Loan and 
 (c) made or to be made to the same Borrower for the purpose of refinancing that maturing Loan. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 18 

Sanctions means any trade, economic or financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures administered, enacted or enforced by a Sanctions Authority. 
 Sanctions Authority means 
 (d) the United Nations 
 (e) the US 
 (f) the European Union 
 (g) the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and 
 (h) the governments and official institutions or agencies of any of paragraphs (a) to (d) above, including OFAC, the US Department of State, and HMT. 
 Sanctions List means the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by OFAC, the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List maintained by His Majesty's Treasury, or any similar list maintained by, or public announcement of a Sanctions designation made by, a Sanctions Authority, each as amended, supplemented or substituted from time to time. 
 Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 18 November 2021 between the the Obligors, the Lenders and the Agent. 
 Security means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
 SOFR means the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any other person which takes over the publication of that rate). 
 SOFR Banking Day means any day other than 
 (a) a Saturday or Sunday and 
 (b) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor organisation) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in US Government securities. 
 Specified Time means a day or time determined in accordance with Schedule 8 Timetables ). 
 Subsidiary means 
 (i) a subsidiary undertaking within the meaning of section 1162 of the Companies Act 2006 and 
 (j) a subsidiary within the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006. 
 Tangible Net Assets has the meaning given to that term in Clause 21.1 Financial definitions ). 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 19 

Tax means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same). 
 Termination Date means, subject to the provisions of Clause 2.5 Extension Option ), the date falling 12 Months after the Effective Date. 
 Third Amendment and Restatement Agreement means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 13 October 2022 between the Obligors, the Lenders and the Agent. 
 Total Commitments means the aggregate of the Commitments, being 115,000,000 as at 31 October 2024. 
 Transfer Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 Form of Transfer Certificate or any other form agreed between the Agent and the Borrower. 
 Transfer Date means, in relation to an assignment or a transfer, the later of 
 (k) the proposed Transfer Date specified in the relevant Assignment Agreement or Transfer Certificate and 
 (l) the date on which the Agent executes the relevant Assignment Agreement or Transfer Certificate. 
 Unpaid Sum means any sum due and payable but unpaid by an Obligor under the Finance Documents. 
 US means the United States of America. 
 Utilisation means a utilisation of the Facility. 
 Utilisation Date means the date of a Utilisation, being the date on which a Loan is to be made. 
 Utilisation Request means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 3 Utilisation Request ). 
 VAT means 
 (m) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006 112) and 
 (n) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in paragraph (a) above, or imposed elsewhere. 
 2. Construction 
 (a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in this Agreement to 
 (i) the Agent , any Finance Party , any Lender , any Obligor or any Party shall be construed so as to include its successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees to, or of, its rights and or obligations under the Finance Documents 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 20 

(ii) assets includes present, future, actual and contingent properties, revenues and rights of every description 
 (iii) a Finance Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that Finance Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, extended, restated or replaced from time to time 
 (iv) a group of Lenders includes all the Lenders 
 (v) debt or indebtedness includes any obligation (whether incurred as principal or as surety) for the payment or repayment of money, whether present or future, actual or contingent 
 (vi) a person includes any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium, partnership or other entity (whether or not having separate legal personality) 
 (vii) a regulation includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or of any regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation 
 (viii) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time and 
 (ix) a time of day is a reference to London time. 
 (b) The determination of the extent to which a rate is for a period equal in length to an Interest Period shall disregard any inconsistency arising from the last day of that Interest Period being determined pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) Section, Clause and Schedule headings are for ease of reference only. 
 (d) Unless a contrary indication appears, a term used in any other Finance Document or in any notice given under or in connection with any Finance Document has the same meaning in that Finance Document or notice as in this Agreement. 
 (e) The Borrower providing cash cover for an Ancillary Facility means the Borrower paying an amount in the currency of the Ancillary Facility to an interest-bearing account and the following conditions being met 
 (i) either 
 (A) the account is in the name of the Borrower and is with the Ancillary Lender for which that cash cover is to be provided and, until no amount is or may be outstanding under that Ancillary Facility, withdrawals from the account may only be made to pay the relevant Finance Party amounts due and payable to it under this Agreement in respect of that Ancillary Facility or 
 (B) the account is in the name of the Ancillary Lender for which that cash cover is to be provided and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 21 

(ii) the Borrower has executed documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to the Finance Party for which that cash cover is to be provided, creating a first ranking security interest, or other collateral arrangement, in respect of the amount of that cash cover. 
 (f) A Default (other than an Event of Default) is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived and an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been waived. 
 (g) The Borrower repaying or prepaying Ancillary Outstandings means 
 (i) the Borrower providing cash cover in respect of those Ancillary Outstandings 
 (ii) the maximum amount payable under the Ancillary Facility being reduced or cancelled in accordance with its terms or 
 (iii) the Ancillary Lender being satisfied that it has no further liability under that Ancillary Facility, 
 and the amount by which a Ancillary Outstandings are repaid or prepaid under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above is the amount of the relevant cash cover, reduction or cancellation. 
 (h) An amount borrowed includes any amount utilised under an Ancillary Facility. 
 (i) A reference in this Agreement to a Central Bank Rate shall include any successor rate to, or replacement rate for, that rate. 
 (j) References to the date of this Agreement are to 14 October 2020. 
 3. Currency symbols and definitions 
 , USD and dollars denote the lawful currency of the US. 
 4. Third party rights 
 (a) Unless expressly provided to the contrary in a Finance Document a person who is not a Party has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the Third Parties Act to enforce or to enjoy the benefit of any term of this Agreement. 
 (b) Subject to Clause 36.3 Other exceptions but otherwise, notwithstanding any term of any Finance Document, the consent of any person who is not a Party is not required to rescind or vary this Agreement at any time. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 22 

Section The Facility 
 2 The Facility 
 1. The Facility 
 (a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Lenders make available to the Borrower a dollar revolving loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to the Total Commitments. 
 (b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, an Ancillary Lender may make all or part of its Commitment available to the Borrower as an Ancillary Facility. 
 2. Increase 
 (a) The Borrower may by giving prior notice to the Agent by no later than the date falling 10 days after the effective date of a cancellation of 
 (i) the Available Commitments of a Defaulting Lender in accordance with Clause 8.7 Right of cancellation in relation to a Defaulting Lender or 
 (ii) the Commitment of a Lender in accordance with 
 (A) Clause 8.1 Illegality or 
 (B) paragraph (a) of Clause 8.6 Right of replacement or repayment and cancellation in relation to a single Lender ), 
 request that the Commitments be increased (and the Commitments shall be so increased) in an aggregate amount of up to the amount of the Commitment so cancelled as follows 
 (iii) the increased Commitments will be assumed by one or more Eligible Institutions (each an Increase Lender each of which confirms in writing (whether in the relevant Increase Confirmation or otherwise) its willingness to assume and does assume all the obligations of a Lender corresponding to that part of the increased Commitments which it is to assume, as if it had been an Original Lender in respect of those Commitments 
 (iv) each of the Obligors and any Increase Lender shall assume obligations towards one another and or acquire rights against one another as the Obligors and the Increase Lender would have assumed and or acquired had the Increase Lender been an Original Lender in respect of that part of the increased Commitments which it is to assume 
 (v) each Increase Lender shall become a Party as a Lender and any Increase Lender and each of the other Finance Parties shall assume obligations towards one another and acquire rights against one another as that Increase Lender and those Finance Parties would have assumed and or acquired had the Increase Lender been an Original Lender in respect of that part of the increased Commitments which it is to assume 
 (vi) the Commitments of the other Lenders shall continue in full force and effect and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 23 

(vii) any increase in the Commitments shall take effect on the date specified by the Borrower in the notice referred to above or any later date on which the Agent executes an otherwise duly completed Increase Confirmation delivered to it by the relevant Increase Lender. 
 (b) The Agent shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Increase Confirmation appearing on its face to comply with the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Increase Confirmation. 
 (c) The Agent shall only be obliged to execute an Increase Confirmation delivered to it by an Increase Lender once it is satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the assumption of the increased Commitments by that Increase Lender. 
 (d) Each Increase Lender, by executing the Increase Confirmation, confirms (for the avoidance of doubt) that the Agent has authority to execute on its behalf any amendment or waiver that has been approved by or on behalf of the requisite Lender or Lenders in accordance with this Agreement on or prior to the date on which the increase becomes effective in accordance with this Agreement and that it is bound by that decision to the same extent as it would have been had it been an Original Lender. 
 (e) The Borrower shall promptly on demand pay the Agent the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by it in connection with any increase in Commitments under this Clause 2.2. 
 (f) The Increase Lender shall, on the date upon which the increase takes effect, pay to the Agent (for its own account) a fee in an amount equal to the fee which would be payable under Clause 24.4 Assignment or transfer fee if the increase was a transfer pursuant to Clause 24.6 Procedure for transfer and if the Increase Lender was a New Lender. 
 (g) The Borrower may pay to the Increase Lender a fee in the amount and at the times agreed between the Borrower and the Increase Lender in a letter between the Borrower and the Increase Lender setting out that fee. A reference in this Agreement to a Fee Letter shall include any letter referred to in this paragraph (g). 
 (h) Neither the Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to find an Increase Lender and in no event shall any Lender whose Commitment is replaced by an Increase Lender be required to pay or surrender any of the fees received by such Lender pursuant to the Finance Documents. 
 (i) Clause 24.5 Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lenders shall apply mutatis mutandis in this Clause 2.2 in relation to an Increase Lender as if references in that Clause to 
 (i) an Existing Lender were references to all the Lenders immediately prior to the relevant increase 
 (ii) the New Lender were references to that Increase Lender and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 24 

(iii) a re-transfer and re-assignment were references to respectively a transfer and assignment . 
 3. Finance Parties' rights and obligations 
 (a) The obligations of each Finance Party under the Finance Documents are several. Failure by a Finance Party to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents does not affect the obligations of any other Party under the Finance Documents. No Finance Party is responsible for the obligations of any other Finance Party under the Finance Documents. 
 (b) The rights of each Finance Party under or in connection with the Finance Documents are separate and independent rights and any debt arising under the Finance Documents to a Finance Party from an Obligor is a separate and independent debt in respect of which a Finance Party shall be entitled to enforce its rights in accordance with paragraph (c) below. The rights of each Finance Party include any debt owing to that Finance Party under the Finance Documents and, for the avoidance of doubt, any part of a Loan or any other amount owed by an Obligor which relates to a Finance Party's participation in the Facility or its role under a Finance Document (including any such amount payable to the Agent on its behalf) is a debt owing to that Finance Party by that Obligor. 
 (c) A Finance Party may, except as specifically provided in the Finance Documents, separately enforce its rights under or in connection with the Finance Documents. 
 4. Obligors' Agent 
 (a) The Parent by its execution of this Agreement irrevocably appoints the Borrower (acting through one or more authorised signatories) to act on its behalf as its agent in relation to the Finance Documents and irrevocably authorises 
 (i) the Borrower on its behalf to supply all information concerning itself contemplated by this Agreement to the Finance Parties and to give and receive all notices and instructions and other communications, to make such agreements and to effect the relevant amendments, supplements, variations and waivers capable of being given, made or effected by the Parent notwithstanding that they may affect the Parent, without further reference to or the consent of the Parent and 
 (ii) each Finance Party to give any notice, demand or other communication to the Parent pursuant to the Finance Documents to the Borrower, 
 and in each case the Parent shall be bound as though the Parent itself had given the notices and instructions or executed or made the agreements or effected the amendments, supplements or variations, or received the relevant notice, demand or other communication. 
 (b) Every act, omission, agreement, undertaking, settlement, waiver, amendment, supplement, variation, notice or other communication given or made by the Borrower or given to the Borrower under any Finance Document on behalf of the Parent or in connection with any Finance Document (whether or not known to the Parent) shall be binding for all purposes on the Parent as if the Parent had expressly made, given or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 25 

concurred with it. In the event of any conflict between any notices or other communications of the Borrower and the Parent, those of the Borrower shall prevail. 
 5. Extension Option 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of this Clause 2.5, the Borrower may request the exercise of the Extension Option by submitting an Extension Request to the Agent. The Borrower may submit no more than two Extension Requests. Any Extension Request is irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
 (b) An Extension Request shall not be valid unless it is delivered to the Agent on a Business Day falling not more than 60 days and not less than 30 days prior to the Termination Date which then applies (the Existing Termination Date ). The Agent shall promptly forward any Extension Request to the Lenders. 
 (c) Upon receipt of an Extension Request, each Lender (acting in its sole discretion) shall have the right to decide whether to accept or decline it, and if it agrees to accept it, what conditions (if any) it may wish to impose on its provision. 
 (d) If a Lender agrees to accept the Extension Request then it must notify the Agent of its acceptance (such notice being a Notice of Extension by no later than the date falling 20 days prior to the Existing Termination Date. Upon receipt of such Notice of Extension, the Agent shall promptly forward the same to the Borrower. If a Lender does not give such Notice of Extension by such date, that Lender shall be deemed to have refused that extension. Nothing shall oblige a Lender to agree to an Extension Request. 
 (e) If a Lender has agreed to the request made in the Extension Request then, subject to paragraph (g) below, the Termination Date applicable to that Lender shall be extended to the date falling 365 days after the Existing Termination Date. 
 (f) If a Lender has declined the request made in the Extension Request, the Borrower shall repay that Lender's participation in the Loans made to the Borrower on the Existing Termination Date. 
 (g) Any agreement of a Lender under this Clause 2.5 to extend the Termination Date in respect of its Commitments is subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of the Extension Request and the date upon which it is proposed that the Termination Date is extended in accordance with paragraph (e) above 
 (i) the Repeating Representations are true in all material respects and 
 (ii) no Default is continuing or would be reasonably likely to result from the proposed extension. 
 (h) On or before any extension of the Termination Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent an extension fee in an amount to be agreed at the time that the Extension Request is delivered (such fee to be determined as a percentage of Commitments and distributed by the Agent to the Lenders who have agreed to extend their Commitments (on a pro rata basis)). 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 26 

6. Accordion option 
 (a) At any time during the term of this Agreement, the Borrower may deliver an Accordion Option Notice to the Agent requesting that the Total Commitments be increased by an amount (the Additional Commitment which, when aggregated with all other amounts by which the Total Commitments have been increased by means of the operation of this Clause 2.6 since the Effective Date, does not exceed USD 100,000,000. Each Additional Commitment must be for a minimum of USD 10,000,000 and no more than four Accordion Option Notices may be delivered during the term of this Agreement. 
 (b) Upon receipt of an Accordion Option Notice, the Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders. 
 (c) Each Accordion Option Notice will not be regarded as being duly completed unless it confirms 
 (i) the identity of each Lender or other bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity (each, an Accordion Lender selected by the Borrower (each of which shall not be a member of the Group) that is willing to assume all of the obligations of a Lender corresponding to an Additional Commitment and 
 (ii) that on the date of that Accordion Option Notice the Repeating Representations to be made by each Obligor are true in all material respects and no Default is continuing or would result from the increase in Commitments, 
 and shall be validly delivered only if executed by the Borrower and each applicable Accordion Lender. 
 (d) No existing Lender shall (unless otherwise agreed by that Lender) be obliged to provide any Additional Commitment. 
 (e) The Borrower may only implement Additional Commitments to the extent that following implementation of any requested increase, the Total Commitments do not at any time after the date of this Agreement exceed USD 200,000,000 in aggregate. 
 (f) All Additional Commitments shall be made available on the same terms (including as to Margin, fees, ranking, pro rata sharing, availability period, currencies in which the Additional Commitments may be drawn and termination date) as the Facility and the Additional Commitments may not enjoy the benefit of any more onerous financial covenants or other terms than apply to the Facility generally. 
 (g) Following the delivery of a valid Accordion Option Notice, the requested Additional Commitments shall become effective on the later of 
 (i) the date specified in that Accordion Option Notice as the date on which the proposed increase in the Commitments is to take effect 
 (ii) the execution by the Agent of the Accordion Option Notice (and the Agent shall, subject to paragraph (iii) below, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Accordion Option Notice appearing on its 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 27 

face to comply with the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Accordion Option Notice) and 
 (iii) in relation to an Accordion Lender which is not a Lender immediately prior to the relevant increase, the date on which the Agent confirms that it has completed all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the assumption by the Accordion Lender of the relevant Additional Commitments, the completion of which the Agent shall promptly notify to the Borrower and the Accordion Lender, 
 such date being the Accordion Option Increase Date . 
 (h) The introduction of Additional Commitments pursuant to this Clause 2.6 shall occur as follows 
 (i) the increase in the Total Commitments shall take effect on the Accordion Option Increase Date 
 (ii) each Additional Commitment will be assumed by the relevant Accordion Lender, each of whom by executing the relevant Accordion Option Notice confirms its willingness to assume and does assume all of the obligations of a Lender corresponding to that part of the Additional Commitments which it is to assume, as if it had been an Original Lender 
 (iii) each of the Obligors and each Accordion Lender shall assume obligations towards one another and or acquire rights against one another as the Obligors and the Accordion Lender would have assumed and or acquired had the Accordion Lender been an Original Lender 
 (iv) to the extent not already a Party as a Lender, each Accordion Lender shall become a Party as a Lender and each Accordion Lender and each of the other Finance Parties shall assume obligations towards one another and acquire rights against one another as that Accordion Lender and those Finance Parties would have assumed and or acquired had the Accordion Lender been an Original Lender and 
 (v) the Commitments of the other Lenders shall continue in full force and effect (and, for the avoidance of doubt, their amount shall not be varied by the assumption of Commitments by an Accordion Lender pursuant to this Clause 2.6). 
 (i) Any agreement of a Lender under this Clause 2.6 to increase the Total Commitments is subject to the further conditions precedent that on the Accordion Option Increase Date 
 (i) the Repeating Representations are true in all material respects and 
 (ii) no Default is continuing or would be reasonably likely to result from the increase in Commitments. 
 (j) The Borrower may pay to an Accordion Lender a fee in the amount and at the times agreed between the Borrower and that Accordion Lender in a Fee Letter. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 28 

(k) On and from the Accordion Option Increase Date, this Agreement shall be amended, read and construed as if the Accordion Lender were party hereto with a Commitment or Commitments as detailed in the Accordion Option Notice. 
 (l) Any amounts payable to the Lenders by any Obligor on or before an Accordion Option Increase Date (including, without limitation, all interest, fees and commission payable up to (but excluding) that Accordion Option Increase Date) in respect of any period ending on or prior to that Accordion Option Increase Date shall be for the account of the Lenders prior to such Accordion Option Increase Date and no Accordion Lender shall have any interest in, or any rights in respect of, any such amount (save in respect of their Commitments up to (but excluding) that Accordion Option Increase Date). 
 (m) Each Lender irrevocably and unconditionally authorises the Agent to execute on its behalf 
 (i) any Accordion Option Notice delivered to it pursuant to this Clause 2.6 and 
 (ii) any amendments required to the Finance Documents that are consequential on, incidental to or required to implement or reflect the introduction of Additional Commitments pursuant to this Clause 2.6. 
 (n) Clause 24.5 Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lenders shall apply mutatis mutandis in this Clause 2.6 in relation to an Accordion Lender as if references in that Clause to 
 (i) an Existing Lender were references to all the Lenders immediately prior to the relevant increase 
 (ii) the New Lender were references to that Accordion Lender and 
 (iii) a re-transfer and re-assignmen t were references to respectively a transfer and assignment . 
 (o) Any utilisation of Additional Commitments made available under this Clause 2.6 shall, for the avoidance of doubt 
 (i) constitute a Loan under this Agreement and 
 (ii) be repaid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 3 Purpose 
 1. Purpose 
 The Borrower shall apply all amounts borrowed by it under the Facility towards the general corporate and working capital purposes of the Borrower Group or, in the case of any utilisation of any Ancillary Facility, towards prepayment of any Loan. 
 2. Monitoring 
 No Finance Party is bound to monitor or verify the application of any amount borrowed pursuant to this Agreement. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 29 

4 Conditions of Utilisation 
 1. Initial conditions precedent 
 (a) No Borrower may deliver a Utilisation Request unless the Agent has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in Schedule 2 Conditions precedent in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent. The Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders promptly upon being so satisfied. 
 (b) Other than to the extent that the Majority Lenders notify the Agent in writing to the contrary before the Agent gives the notification described in paragraph (a) above, the Lenders authorise (but do not require) the Agent to give that notification. The Agent shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses whatsoever as a result of giving any such notification. 
 2. Further conditions precedent 
 The Lenders will only be obliged to comply with Clause 5.4 Lenders' participation if on the date of the Utilisation Request and on the proposed Utilisation Date 
 (a) in the case of a Rollover Loan, no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the proposed Loan and, in the case of any other Loan, no Default is continuing or would result from the proposed Loan and 
 (b) the Repeating Representations to be made by each Obligor are true in all material respects. 
 3. Maximum number of Loans 
 The Borrower may not deliver a Utilisation Request if as a result of the proposed Utilisation more than 10 Loans would be outstanding. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 30 

Section Utilisation 
 5 Utilisation 
 1. Delivery of a Utilisation Request 
 The Borrower may utilise the Facility by delivery to the Agent of a duly completed Utilisation Request not later than the Specified Time. 
 2. Completion of a Utilisation Request 
 (a) Each Utilisation Request is irrevocable and will not be regarded as having been duly completed unless 
 (i) the proposed Utilisation Date is a Business Day within the Availability Period 
 (ii) the currency and amount of the Utilisation comply with Clause 5.3 Currency and amount and 
 (iii) the proposed Interest Period complies with Clause 10 Interest Periods ). 
 (b) Only one Loan may be requested in each Utilisation Request. 
 3. Currency and amount 
 (a) The currency specified in a Utilisation Request must be dollars. 
 (b) The amount of the proposed Loan must be an amount which is not more than the Available Facility and which is a minimum of 250,000 or, if less, the Available Facility. 
 4. Lenders' participation 
 (a) If the conditions set out in this Agreement have been met, and subject to Clause 6 Repayment ), each Lender shall make its participation in each Loan available by the Utilisation Date through its Facility Office. 
 (b) Other than as set out in paragraph (c) below, the amount of each Lender's participation in each Loan will be equal to the proportion borne by its Available Commitment to the Available Facility immediately prior to making the Loan. 
 (c) If a Loan is made to repay Ancillary Outstandings, each Lender's participation in that Loan will be in an amount (as determined by the Agent) which will result as nearly as possible in the aggregate amount of its participation in the Loans then outstanding bearing the same proportion to the aggregate amount of the Loans then outstanding as its Commitment bears to the Total Commitments. 
 (d) The Agent shall notify each Lender of the amount of each Loan, the amount of its participation in that Loan and, if different, the amount of that participation to be made available in accordance with Clause 30.1 Payments to the Agent , in each case by the Specified Time. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 31 

5. Cancellation of Commitment 
 The Commitments which, at that time, are unutilised shall be immediately cancelled at the end of the Availability Period. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 32 

Section Repayment, prepayment and cancellation 
 6 Ancillary Facilities 
 1. Type of Facility 
 An Ancillary Facility may be by way of 
 (a) an overdraft facility 
 (b) a guarantee, bonding, documentary or stand-by letter of credit facility 
 (c) a short term loan facility 
 (d) a derivatives facility 
 (e) a foreign exchange facility or 
 (f) any other facility or accommodation required in connection with the business of the Borrower Group and which is agreed by the Borrower with an Ancillary Lender. 
 2. Availability 
 (a) If the Borrower and a Lender agree and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Lender may provide all or part of its Commitment as an Ancillary Facility. 
 (b) An Ancillary Facility shall not be made available unless, not later than five Business Days prior to the Ancillary Commencement Date for an Ancillary Facility, the Agent has received from the Borrower 
 (i) a notice in writing of the establishment of an Ancillary Facility and specifying 
 (A) the proposed Ancillary Commencement Date and expiry date of the Ancillary Facility 
 (B) the proposed type of Ancillary Facility to be provided 
 (C) the proposed Ancillary Lender 
 (D) the proposed Ancillary Commitment, the maximum amount of the Ancillary Facility and, in the case of a Multi-account Overdraft its Designated Gross Amount and its Designated Net Amount and 
 (E) the proposed currency of the Ancillary Facility, which must be US Dollars. 
 (ii) any other information which the Agent may reasonably request in connection with the Ancillary Facility. 
 (c) The Agent shall promptly notify the Ancillary Lender and the other Lenders of the establishment of an Ancillary Facility. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 33 

(d) Subject to compliance with paragraph (b) above 
 (i) the Lender concerned will become an Ancillary Lender and 
 (ii) the Ancillary Facility will be available, 
 with effect from the date agreed by the Borrower and the Ancillary Lender. 
 3. Terms of Ancillary Facilities 
 (a) Except as provided below, the terms of any Ancillary Facility will be those agreed by the Ancillary Lender and the Borrower. 
 (b) Those terms 
 (i) must be based upon normal commercial terms at that time (except as varied by this Agreement) 
 (ii) may allow only the Borrower to use the Ancillary Facility 
 (iii) may not allow the Ancillary Outstandings to exceed the Ancillary Commitment 
 (iv) may not allow a Lender's Ancillary Commitment to exceed that Lender's Available Commitment (before taking into account the effect of the Ancillary Facility on that Available Commitment) and 
 (v) must require that the Ancillary Commitment is reduced to zero, and that all Ancillary Outstandings are repaid not later than the Termination Date (or such earlier date as the Commitment of the relevant Ancillary Lender is reduced to zero). 
 (c) If there is any inconsistency between any term of an Ancillary Facility and any term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail except for 
 (i) Clause 33.3 Day count convention which shall not prevail for the purposes of calculating fees, interest or commission relating to an Ancillary Facility 
 (ii) an Ancillary Facility comprising more than one account where the terms of the Ancillary Documents shall prevail to the extent required to permit the netting of balances on those accounts and 
 (iii) where the relevant term of this Agreement would be contrary to, or inconsistent with, the law governing the relevant Ancillary Document, in which case that term of this Agreement shall not prevail. 
 (d) Interest, commission and fees on Ancillary Facilities are dealt with in Clause 12.4 Interest, commission and fees on Ancillary Facilities ). 
 4. Repayment of Ancillary Facility 
 (a) An Ancillary Facility shall cease to be available on the Termination Date or such earlier date on which its expiry date occurs or on which it is cancelled in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 34 

(b) If an Ancillary Facility expires in accordance with its terms the Ancillary Commitment of the Ancillary Lender shall be reduced to zero. 
 (c) No Ancillary Lender may demand repayment or prepayment of any Ancillary Outstandings prior to the expiry date of the relevant Ancillary Facility unless 
 (i) required to reduce the Gross Outstandings of a Multi-account Overdraft to or towards an amount equal to its Net Outstandings 
 (ii) the Total Commitments have been cancelled in full, or all outstanding Loans have become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
 (iii) it becomes unlawful in any applicable jurisdiction for the Ancillary Lender to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by this Agreement or to fund, issue or maintain its participation in its Ancillary Facility (or it becomes unlawful for any Affiliate of the Ancillary Lender for the Ancillary Lender to do so) or 
 (iv) both 
 (A) the Available Commitments and 
 (B) the notice of the demand given by the Ancillary Lender 
 would not prevent the Borrower funding the repayment of those Ancillary Outstandings in full by way of Loan. 
 (d) If a Loan is made to repay Ancillary Outstandings in full, the relevant Ancillary Commitment shall be reduced to zero. 
 5. Limitation on Ancillary Outstandings 
 The Borrower shall procure that 
 (a) the Ancillary Outstandings under any Ancillary Facility shall not exceed the Ancillary Commitment applicable to that Ancillary Facility and 
 (b) in relation to a Multi-account Overdraft 
 (i) the Ancillary Outstandings shall not exceed the Designated Net Amount applicable to that Multi-account Overdraft and 
 (ii) the Gross Outstandings shall not exceed the Designated Gross Amount applicable to that Multi-account Overdraft. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 35 

6. Adjustment for Ancillary Facilities upon acceleration 
 (a) In this Clause 6.6 
 Outstandings means, in relation to a Lender, the aggregate of 
 (a) its participation in each Loan then outstanding (together with the aggregate amount of all accrued interest, fees and commission owed to it as a Lender) and 
 (b) if the Lender is also an Ancillary Lender, the Ancillary Outstandings in respect of Ancillary Facilities provided by that Ancillary Lender (or by its Affiliate) (together with the aggregate amount of all accrued interest, fees and commission owed to it (or to its Affiliate) as an Ancillary Lender in respect of the Ancillary Facility) and 
 Total Outstandings means the aggregate of all Outstandings. 
 (b) If the Agent exercises any of its rights under Clause 23.13 Acceleration (other than declaring Loans to be due on demand), each Lender and each Ancillary Lender shall promptly adjust (by making or receiving (as the case may be) corresponding transfers of rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating to the Outstandings) their claims in respect of amounts outstanding to them under the Facility and each Ancillary Facility to the extent necessary to ensure that after such transfers the Outstandings of each Lender bear the same proportion to the Total Outstandings as such Lender's Commitment bears to the Total Commitments, each as at the date the Agent exercises the relevant right(s) under 23.13 Acceleration ). 
 (c) If an amount outstanding under an Ancillary Facility is a contingent liability and that contingent liability becomes an actual liability or is reduced to zero after the original adjustment is made under paragraph (b) above, then each Lender and Ancillary Lender will make a further adjustment (by making or receiving (as the case may be) corresponding transfers of rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating to Outstandings to the extent necessary) to put themselves in the position they would have been in had the original adjustment been determined by reference to the actual liability or, as the case may be, zero liability and not the contingent liability. 
 (d) Any transfer of rights and obligations relating to Outstandings made pursuant to this Clause 6.6 shall be made for a purchase price in cash, payable at the time of transfer, in an amount equal to those Outstandings (less any accrued interest, fees and commission to which the transferor will remain entitled to receive notwithstanding that transfer, pursuant to Clause 24.10 Pro rata interest settlement )). 
 (e) Prior to the application of the provisions of paragraph (b) above, an Ancillary Lender that has provided a Multi-account Overdraft shall set-off any Available Credit Balance on any account comprised in that Multi-account Overdraft. 
 (f) All calculations to be made pursuant to this Clause 6.6 shall be made by the Agent based upon information provided to it by the Lenders and Ancillary Lenders. 
 7. Information 
 The Borrower and each Ancillary Lender shall, promptly upon request by the Agent, supply the Agent with any information relating to the operation of an Ancillary Facility (including the Ancillary Outstandings) as the Agent may reasonably request from time to time. The 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 36 

Borrower consents to all such information being released to the Agent and the other Finance Parties. 
 8. Affiliates of Lenders as Ancillary Lenders 
 (a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, an Affiliate of a Lender may become an Ancillary Lender. In such case, the Lender and its Affiliate shall be treated as a single Lender whose Commitment is the amount set out in Schedule 1 (The Original Lenders) and or the amount of any Commitment transferred to or assumed by that Lender under this Agreement, to the extent (in each case) not cancelled, reduced or transferred by it under this Agreement. 
 (b) The Borrower shall specify any relevant Affiliate of a Lender in any notice delivered by the Parent to the Agent pursuant to paragraph (b)(i) of Clause 6.2 Availability ). 
 (c) If a Lender assigns all of its rights and benefits or transfers all of its rights and obligations to a New Lender, its Affiliate shall cease to have any obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Document. 
 (d) Where this Agreement or any other Finance Document imposes an obligation on an Ancillary Lender and the relevant Ancillary Lender is an Affiliate of a Lender which is not a party to that document, the relevant Lender shall ensure that the obligation is performed by its Affiliate. 
 9. Commitment amounts 
 Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, each Lender shall ensure that at all times its Commitment is not less than 
 (a) its Ancillary Commitment or 
 (b) the Ancillary Commitment of its Affiliate. 
 10. Amendments and Waivers Ancillary Facilities 
 No amendment or waiver of a term of any Ancillary Facility shall require the consent of any Finance Party other than the relevant Ancillary Lender unless such amendment or waiver itself relates to or gives rise to a matter which would require an amendment of or under this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, under this Clause 6). In such a case, Clause 36 Amendments and waivers will apply. 
 7 Repayment 
 (a) The Borrower shall repay each Loan on the last day of its Interest Period. 
 (b) Without prejudice to the Borrower's obligation under paragraph (a) above, if 
 (i) one or more Loans are to be made available to the Borrower 
 (A) on the same day that a maturing Loan is due to be repaid by the Borrower and 
 (B) in whole or in part for the purpose of refinancing the maturing Loan and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 37 

(ii) the proportion borne by each Lender's participation in the maturing Loan to the amount of that maturing Loan is the same as the proportion borne by that Lender's participation in the new Loans to the aggregate amount of those new Loans, 
 the aggregate amount of the new Loans shall, unless the Borrower notifies the Agent to the contrary in the relevant Utilisation Request, be treated as if applied in or towards repayment of the maturing Loan so that 
 (A) if the amount of the maturing Loan exceeds the aggregate amount of the new Loans 
 1) the relevant Borrower will only be required to make a payment under Clause 30.1 Payments to the Agent in an amount in the relevant currency equal to that excess and 
 2) each Lender's participation in the new Loans shall be treated as having been made available and applied by the Borrower in or towards repayment of that Lender's participation in the maturing Loan and that Lender will not be required to make a payment under Clause 30.1 Payments to the Agent in respect of its participation in the new Loans and 
 (B) if the amount of the maturing Loan is equal to or less than the aggregate amount of the new Loans 
 1) the relevant Borrower will not be required to make a payment under Clause 30.1 Payments to the Agent and 
 2) each Lender will be required to make a payment under Clause 30.1 Payments to the Agent in respect of its participation in the new Loans only to the extent that its participation in the new Loans exceeds that Lender's participation in the maturing Loan and the remainder of that Lender's participation in the new Loans shall be treated as having been made available and applied by the Borrower in or towards repayment of that Lender's participation in the maturing Loan. 
 (c) At any time when a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, the maturity date of each of the participations of that Lender in the Loans then outstanding will be automatically extended to the last day of the Availability Period and will be treated as separate Loans (the Separate Loans ). 
 (d) Interest in respect of a Separate Loan will accrue for successive Interest Periods selected by the Borrower by the time and date specified by the Agent (acting reasonably) and will be payable by that Borrower to the Agent (for the account of that Defaulting Lender) on the last day of each Interest Period of that Loan. 
 (e) The terms of this Agreement relating to Loans generally shall continue to apply to Separate Loans other than to the extent inconsistent with paragraphs (c) to (d) above, in which case those paragraphs shall prevail in respect of any Separate Loan. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 38 

8 Prepayment and cancellation 
 1. Illegality 
 If, in any applicable jurisdiction, it becomes unlawful for any Lender to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by this Agreement or to fund or maintain its participation in any Loan or it becomes unlawful for any Affiliate of a Lender for that Lender to do so 
 (a) that Lender shall promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of that event 
 (b) upon the Agent notifying the Borrower, the Available Commitment of that Lender will be immediately cancelled and 
 (c) to the extent that the Lender's participation has not been transferred pursuant to paragraph (d) of Clause 8.6 Right of replacement or repayment and cancellation in relation to a single Lender ), the Borrower shall repay that Lender's participation in the Loans made to the Borrower on the last day of the Interest Period for each Loan occurring after the Agent has notified the Borrower or, if earlier, the date specified by the Lender in the notice delivered to the Agent (being no earlier than the last day of any applicable grace period permitted by law) and that Lender's corresponding Commitment shall be immediately cancelled in the amount of the participations repaid. 
 2. Change of control 
 (a) If a Change of Control occurs 
 (i) the Borrower shall promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of that event 
 (ii) a Lender shall not be obliged to fund a Loan (except for a Rollover Loan) 
 (iii) the Lenders shall negotiate with the Parent for a period of not less than 30 days (or such shorter period as is agreed between all parties) (the Negotiation Period to seek to find agreed terms upon which the Facility will continue to be provided and 
 (iv) if no agreement is reached then, on the date falling five Business Days after the end of the Negotiation Period, the Available Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically cancelled and all Loans and Ancillary Outstandings, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents shall be immediately due and payable, whereupon each such Available Commitment will be immediately cancelled, the Facility shall immediately cease to be available for further utilisation and all such Loans, Ancillary Outstandings, accrued interest and other amounts shall become immediately due and payable. 
 (b) For the purposes of paragraph (a) above, Change of Control means an event or series of events by which either 
 (i) the Borrower ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent or 
 (ii) a Change of Control (as defined in the Parent Facility Agreement) occurs with respect to the Parent. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 39 

3. Sale 
 Upon the occurrence of the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Group whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions 
 (a) the Borrower shall promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of that event 
 (b) a Lender shall not be obliged to fund a Loan (except for a Rollover Loan) and 
 (c) the Available Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically cancelled and all Loans, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents shall be immediately due and payable, whereupon the Facility shall immediately cease to be available for further utilisation and all such Loans, accrued interest and other amounts shall become immediately due and payable. 
 4. Loss of exchange membership 
 If the Borrower's membership status of any exchange that is, in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, material to its trading activity (including, without limitation, the London Metal Exchange) is cancelled, terminated or suspended for any reason whatsoever 
 (a) the Borrower shall promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of that event 
 (b) a Lender shall not be obliged to fund a Loan (except for a Rollover Loan) and 
 (c) the Available Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically cancelled and all Loans, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents shall be immediately due and payable, whereupon the Facility shall immediately cease to be available for further utilisation and all such Loans, accrued interest and other amounts shall become immediately due and payable. 
 5. Voluntary cancellation 
 The Borrower may, if it gives the Agent not less than five Business Days' (or such shorter period as the Majority Lenders may agree) prior notice, cancel the whole or any part (being a minimum amount of USD 500,000) of the Available Facility. Any cancellation under this Clause 8.5 shall reduce the Commitments of the Lenders rateably. 
 6. Right of replacement or repayment and cancellation in relation to a single Lender 
 (a) If 
 (i) any sum payable to any Lender by an Obligor is required to be increased under paragraph (c) of Clause 13.2 Tax gross-up or 
 (ii) any Lender claims indemnification from the Borrower under Clause 13.3 Tax indemnity or Clause 14.1 Increased Costs ), 
 the Borrower may, whilst the circumstance giving rise to the requirement for that increase or indemnification continues, give the Agent notice of cancellation of the Commitment of that Lender and its intention to procure the repayment of that 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 40 

Lender's participation in the Loans or give the Agent notice of its intention to replace that Lender in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
 (b) On receipt of a notice of cancellation referred to in paragraph (a) above, the Available Commitment of that Lender shall be immediately reduced to zero. 
 (c) On the last day of each Interest Period which ends after the Borrower has given notice of cancellation under paragraph (a) above (or, if earlier, the date specified by the Borrower in that notice), the Borrower shall repay that Lender's participation in that Loan and that Lender's corresponding Commitment shall be immediately cancelled in the amount of the participations repaid. 
 (d) If 
 (i) any of the circumstances set out in paragraph (a) above apply to a Lender or 
 (ii) an Obligor becomes obliged to pay any amount in accordance with Clause 8.1 Illegality to any Lender, 
 the Borrower may, on five Business Days' prior notice to the Agent and that Lender, replace that Lender by requiring that Lender to (and, to the extent permitted by law, that Lender shall) transfer pursuant to Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders all (and not part only) of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Institution which confirms its willingness to assume and does assume all the obligations of the transferring Lender in accordance with Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders for a purchase price in cash payable at the time of the transfer in an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's participation in the outstanding Loans and all accrued interest (to the extent that the Agent has not given a notification under Clause 24.10 Pro rata interest settlement )), Break Costs and other amounts payable in relation thereto under the Finance Documents. 
 (e) The replacement of a Lender pursuant to paragraph (d) above shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) the Borrower shall have no right to replace the Agent 
 (ii) neither the Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to find a replacement Lender 
 (iii) in no event shall the Lender replaced under paragraph (d) above be required to pay or surrender any of the fees received by such Lender pursuant to the Finance Documents and 
 (iv) the Lender shall only be obliged to transfer its rights and obligations pursuant to paragraph (d) above once it is satisfied that it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to that transfer. 
 (f) A Lender shall perform the checks described in paragraph (e)(iv) above as soon as reasonably practicable following delivery of a notice referred to in paragraph (d) above and shall notify the Agent and the Borrower when it is satisfied that it has complied with those checks. 
 7. Right of cancellation in relation to a Defaulting Lender 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 41 

(a) If any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower may, at any time whilst the Lender continues to be a Defaulting Lender, give the Agent five Business Days' notice of cancellation of each Available Commitment of that Lender. 
 (b) On the notice referred to in paragraph (a) above becoming effective, each Available Commitment of the Defaulting Lender shall be immediately reduced to zero. 
 (c) The Agent shall as soon as practicable after receipt of a notice referred to in paragraph (a) above, notify all the Lenders. 
 8. Restrictions 
 (a) Any notice of cancellation or prepayment given by any Party under this Clause 8 shall be irrevocable and, unless a contrary indication appears in this Agreement, shall specify the date or dates upon which the relevant cancellation or prepayment is to be made and the amount of that cancellation or prepayment. 
 (b) Any prepayment under this Agreement shall be made together with accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, subject to any Break Costs, without premium or penalty. 
 (c) Unless a contrary indication appears in this Agreement, any part of the Facility which is prepaid or repaid may be reborrowed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (d) The Borrower shall not repay or prepay all or any part of the Loans or cancel all or any part of the Commitments except at the times and in the manner expressly provided for in this Agreement. 
 (e) Subject to Clause 2.2 Increase ), no amount of the Total Commitments cancelled under this Agreement may be subsequently reinstated. 
 (f) If the Agent receives a notice under this Clause 8 it shall promptly forward a copy of that notice to either the Borrower or the affected Lender, as appropriate. 
 (g) If all or part of any Lender's participation in a Loan is repaid or prepaid and is not available for redrawing (other than by operation of Clause 4.2 Further conditions precedent )), an amount of that Lender's Commitment (equal to the amount of the participation which is repaid or prepaid) will be deemed to be cancelled on the date of repayment or prepayment. 
 9. Application of prepayments 
 Any prepayment of a Loan pursuant to Clause 8.2 Change of control ), Clause 8.3 Sale or Clause 8.4 Loss of exchange membership shall be applied pro rata to each Lender's participation in that Loan. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 42 

Section Costs of Utilisation 
 9 Interest 
 1. Calculation of interest 
 The rate of interest on each Loan on any day during its Interest Period is the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of 
 (a) the Margin and 
 (b) the Enhanced Daily Rate. 
 2. Payment of interest 
 The Borrower shall pay accrued interest on each Loan on the last day of its Interest Period. 
 3. Default interest 
 (a) If an Obligor fails to pay any amount payable by it under a Finance Document on its due date, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which, subject to paragraph (b) below, is one per cent. per annum higher than the rate which would have been payable if the overdue amount had, during the period of non-payment, constituted a Loan in the currency of the overdue amount for successive Interest Periods, each of a duration selected by the Agent (acting reasonably). Any interest accruing under this Clause 9.3 shall be immediately payable by the Obligor on demand by the Agent. 
 (b) If any overdue amount consists of all or part of a Loan which became due on a day which was not the last day of an Interest Period relating to that Loan 
 (i) the first Interest Period for that overdue amount shall have a duration equal to the unexpired portion of the current Interest Period relating to that Loan and 
 (ii) the rate of interest applying to the overdue amount during that first Interest Period shall be one per cent. per annum higher than the rate which would have applied if the overdue amount had not become due. 
 (c) Default interest (if unpaid) arising on an overdue amount will be compounded with the overdue amount at the end of each Interest Period applicable to that overdue amount but will remain immediately due and payable. 
 4. Notification of rates of interest 
 (a) The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower of the determination of a rate of interest under this Agreement. 
 (b) This Clause 9.4 shall not require the Agent to make any notification to any Party on a day which is not a Business Day. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 43 

10 Interest Periods 
 1. Selection of Interest Periods 
 (a) The Borrower may select an Interest Period for a Loan in the Utilisation Request for that Loan. 
 (b) Subject to this Clause 10, the Borrower may select an Interest Period of up to seven (7) days or of any other period agreed between the Borrower, the Agent and all the Lenders. 
 (c) An Interest Period for a Loan shall not extend beyond the Termination Date. 
 (d) Each Interest Period for a Loan shall start on the Utilisation Date. 
 (e) A Loan has one Interest Period only. 
 2. Changes to Interest Periods 
 If the Agent makes any of the changes to an Interest Period referred to in this Clause 10.2, it shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 3. Non-Business Days 
 If an Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, that Interest Period will instead end on the next Business Day in that calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not). 
 11 Break Costs 
 (a) The Borrower shall, within three Business Days of demand by a Finance Party, pay to that Finance Party its Break Costs attributable to all or any part of a Loan or Unpaid Sum being paid by the Borrower on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period for that Loan or Unpaid Sum. 
 (b) Each Lender shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after a demand by the Agent, provide a certificate confirming the amount of its Break Costs for any Interest Period in which they accrue. 
 12 Fees 
 1. Commitment fee 
 (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Agent (for the account of each Lender) a fee computed at 0.625 per cent., on that Lender's Available Commitment for the Availability Period. 
 (b) The accrued commitment fee is payable on the last day of each successive period of three Months which ends during the Availability Period, on the last day of the Availability Period and, if cancelled in full, on the cancelled amount of the relevant Lender's Commitment at the time the cancellation is effective. 
 (c) No commitment fee is payable to the Agent (for the account of a Lender) on any Available Commitment of that Lender for any day on which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 44 

2. Arrangement fee 
 The Borrower shall pay to the Agent (for the account of the Original Lender) an arrangement fee in the amount and at the times agreed in a Fee Letter. 
 3. Agency fee 
 At any time following the date upon which there is more than one Lender under this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent (for its own account) an agency fee in the amount and at the times agreed in a Fee Letter. 
 4. Interest, commission and fees on Ancillary Facilities 
 The rate and time of payment of interest, commission, fees and any other remuneration in respect of each Ancillary Facility shall be determined by agreement between the relevant Ancillary Lender and the Borrower based upon normal market rates and terms. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 45 

Section Additional payment obligations 
 13 Tax gross-up and indemnities 
 1. Definitions 
 In this Agreement 
 Borrower DTTP Filing means an HM Revenue & Customs' Form DTTP2 or DTTP2A duly completed and filed by the relevant Borrower, which 
 (a) where it relates to a Treaty Lender that is an Original Lender, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated opposite that Lender's name in Schedule 1 The Lenders ), and is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date of this Agreement or 
 (b) where it relates to a Treaty Lender that is not an Original Lender, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated in respect of that Lender in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender and is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of that date. 
 Protected Party means a Finance Party which is or will be subject to any liability, or required to make any payment, for or on account of Tax in relation to a sum received or receivable (or any sum deemed for the purposes of Tax to be received or receivable) under a Finance Document. 
 Qualifying Lender means 
 (c) a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document and is 
 (i) a Lender 
 (A) which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) making an advance under a Finance Document and is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or would be within such charge as respects such payments apart from section 18A of the CTA or 
 (B) in respect of an advance made under a Finance Document by a person that was a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) at the time that that advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance or 
 (ii) a Lender which is 
 (A) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 (B) a partnership each member of which is 
 1) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 46 

2) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA 
 (C) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company or 
 (iii) a Treaty Lender or 
 (d) a Lender which is a building society (as defined for the purpose of section 880 of the ITA) making an advance under a Finance Document. 
 Tax Confirmation means a confirmation by a Lender that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document is either 
 (e) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 (f) a partnership each member of which is 
 (i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 (ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA or 
 (g) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company. 
 Tax Credit means a credit against, relief or remission for, or repayment of any Tax. 
 Tax Deduction means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax from a payment under a Finance Document, other than a FATCA Deduction. 
 Tax Payment means either the increase in a payment made by an Obligor to a Finance Party under Clause 13.2 Tax gross-up or a payment under Clause 13.3 Tax indemnity ). 
 Treaty Lender means a Lender which 
 (h) is treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of the Treaty and 
 (i) does not carry on a business in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment with which that Lender's participation in the Loan is effectively connected. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 47 

Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a Treaty with the United Kingdom which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest. 
 UK Non-Bank Lender means a Lender which is not an Original Lender and which gives a Tax Confirmation in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender. 
 Unless a contrary indication appears, in this Clause 13 a reference to determines or determined means a determination made in the absolute discretion of the person making the determination. 
 2. Tax gross-up 
 (a) Each Obligor shall make all payments to be made by it without any Tax Deduction, unless a Tax Deduction is required by law. 
 (b) The Borrower shall promptly upon becoming aware that an Obligor must make a Tax Deduction (or that there is any change in the rate or the basis of a Tax Deduction) notify the Agent accordingly. Similarly, a Lender shall notify the Agent on becoming so aware in respect of a payment payable to that Lender. If the Agent receives such notification from a Lender it shall notify the Borrower and that Obligor. 
 (c) If a Tax Deduction is required by law to be made by an Obligor, the amount of the payment due from that Obligor shall be increased to an amount which (after making any Tax Deduction) leaves an amount equal to the payment which would have been due if no Tax Deduction had been required. 
 (d) A payment shall not be increased under paragraph (c) above by reason of a Tax Deduction on account of Tax imposed by the United Kingdom, if on the date on which the payment falls due 
 (i) the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without a Tax Deduction if the Lender had been a Qualifying Lender, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a Qualifying Lender other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any law or Treaty or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority or 
 (ii) the relevant Lender is a Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Qualifying Lender and 
 (A) an officer of H.M. Revenue & Customs has given (and not revoked) a direction (a Direction under section 931 of the ITA which relates to the payment and that Lender has received from the Obligor making the payment or from the Borrower a certified copy of that Direction and 
 (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction if that Direction had not been made or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 48 

(iii) the relevant Lender is a Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Qualifying Lender and 
 (A) the relevant Lender has not given a Tax Confirmation to the Borrower and 
 (B) the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction if the Lender had given a Tax Confirmation to the Borrower, on the basis that the Tax Confirmation would have enabled the Borrower to have formed a reasonable belief that the payment was an excepted payment for the purpose of section 930 of the ITA or 
 (iv) the relevant Lender is a Treaty Lender and the Obligor making the payment is able to demonstrate that the payment could have been made to the Lender without the Tax Deduction had that Lender complied with its obligations under paragraph (g) or (h) (as applicable) below. 
 (e) If an Obligor is required to make a Tax Deduction, that Obligor shall make that Tax Deduction and any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction within the time allowed and in the minimum amount required by law. 
 (f) Within thirty days of making either a Tax Deduction or any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction, the Obligor making that Tax Deduction shall deliver to the Agent for the Finance Party entitled to the payment a statement under section 975 of the ITA or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to that Finance Party that the Tax Deduction has been made or (as applicable) any appropriate payment paid to the relevant taxing authority. 
 (g) 
 (i) Subject to paragraph (ii) below, a Treaty Lender and each Obligor which makes a payment to which that Treaty Lender is entitled shall co-operate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for that Obligor to obtain authorisation to make that payment without a Tax Deduction. 
 (ii) 
 (A) A Treaty Lender which is an Original Lender and that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall confirm its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence opposite its name in Schedule 1 The Lenders and 
 (B) a Treaty Lender which is not an Original Lender and that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall confirm its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender, 
 and, having done so, that Lender shall be under no obligation pursuant to paragraph (i) above. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 49 

(h) If a Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii) above and 
 (i) the Borrower has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender or 
 (ii) the Borrower has made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender but 
 (A) that Borrower DTTP Filing has been rejected by HM Revenue & Customs 
 (B) HM Revenue & Customs has not given the Borrower authority to make payments to that Lender without a Tax Deduction within 60 days of the date of the Borrower DTTP Filing or 
 (C) HM Revenue & Customs has given the Borrower authority to make payments to that Lender without a Tax Deduction but such authority has subsequently been revoked or expired, 
 and, in each case, the Borrower has notified that Lender in writing, that Lender and the Borrower shall co-operate in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for the Borrower to obtain authorisation to make that payment without a Tax Deduction. 
 (i) If a Lender has not confirmed its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii) above, no Obligor shall make a Borrower DTTP Filing or file any other form relating to the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme in respect of that Lender's Commitment or its participation in any Loan unless the Lender otherwise agrees. 
 (j) The Borrower shall, promptly on making a Borrower DTTP Filing, deliver a copy of the Borrower DTTP Filing to the Agent for delivery to the relevant Lender. 
 (k) A UK Non-Bank Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Agent if there is any change in the position from that set out in the Tax Confirmation. 
 3. Tax indemnity 
 (a) The Borrower shall (within three Business Days of demand by the Agent) pay to a Protected Party an amount equal to the loss, liability or cost which that Protected Party determines will be or has been (directly or indirectly) suffered for or on account of Tax by that Protected Party in respect of a Finance Document. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above shall not apply 
 (i) with respect to any Tax assessed on a Finance Party 
 (A) under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Finance Party is incorporated or, if different, the jurisdiction (or jurisdictions) in which that Finance Party is treated as resident for tax purposes or 
 (B) under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Finance Party's Facility Office is located in respect of amounts received or receivable in that jurisdiction, 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 50 

if that Tax is imposed on or calculated by reference to the net income received or receivable (but not any sum deemed to be received or receivable) by that Finance Party or 
 (ii) to the extent a loss, liability or cost 
 (A) is compensated for by an increased payment under Clause 13.2 Tax gross-up 
 (B) would have been compensated for by an increased payment under Clause 13.2 Tax gross-up but was not so compensated solely because one of the exclusions in paragraph (d) of Clause 13.2 Tax gross-up applied or 
 (C) relates to a FATCA Deduction required to be made by a Party. 
 (c) A Protected Party making, or intending to make, a claim under paragraph (a) above shall promptly notify the Agent of the event which will give, or has given, rise to the claim, following which the Agent shall notify the Borrower. 
 (d) Protected Party shall, on receiving a payment from an Obligor under this Clause 13.3, notify the Agent. 
 4. Tax Credit 
 If an Obligor makes a Tax Payment and the relevant Finance Party determines that 
 (a) a Tax Credit is attributable to an increased payment of which that Tax Payment forms part, to that Tax Payment or to a Tax Deduction in consequence of which that Tax Payment was required and 
 (b) that Finance Party has obtained and utilised that Tax Credit, 
 the Finance Party shall pay an amount to the Obligor which that Finance Party determines will leave it (after that payment) in the same after-Tax position as it would have been in had the Tax Payment not been required to be made by the Obligor. 
 5. Lender status confirmation 
 Each Lender which is not an Original Lender shall indicate, in the documentation which it executes on becoming a Party as a Lender, and for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, which of the following categories it falls in 
 (a) not a Qualifying Lender 
 (b) a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender) or 
 (c) a Treaty Lender. 
 If such a Lender fails to indicate its status in accordance with this Clause 13.5 then that Lender shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement (including by each Obligor) as if it is not a Qualifying Lender until such time as it notifies the Agent which category applies (and the Agent, upon receipt of such notification, shall inform the Borrower). For the avoidance of 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 51 

doubt, the documentation which a Lender executes on becoming a Party as a Lender shall not be invalidated by any failure of a Lender to comply with this Clause 13.5. 
 6. Stamp taxes 
 The Borrower shall pay and, within three Business Days of demand, indemnify each Finance Party against any cost, loss or liability that Finance Party incurs in relation to all stamp duty, registration and other similar Taxes payable in respect of any Finance Document. 
 7. VAT 
 (a) All amounts expressed to be payable under a Finance Document by any Party to a Finance Party which (in whole or in part) constitute the consideration for any supply for VAT purposes are deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is chargeable on that supply, and accordingly, subject to paragraph (b) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Finance Party to any Party under a Finance Document and such Finance Party is required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, that Party must pay to such Finance Party (in addition to and at the same time as paying any other consideration for such supply) an amount equal to the amount of the VAT (and such Finance Party must promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice to that Party). 
 (b) If VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Finance Party (the Supplier to any other Finance Party (the Recipient under a Finance Document, and any Party other than the Recipient (the Relevant Party is required by the terms of any Finance Document to pay an amount equal to the consideration for that supply to the Supplier (rather than being required to reimburse or indemnify the Recipient in respect of that consideration) 
 (i) (where the Supplier is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must also pay to the Supplier (at the same time as paying that amount) an additional amount equal to the amount of the VAT. The Recipient must (where this paragraph (i) applies) promptly pay to the Relevant Party an amount equal to any credit or repayment the Recipient receives from the relevant tax authority which the Recipient reasonably determines relates to the VAT chargeable on that supply and 
 (ii) (where the Recipient is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant Party must promptly, following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an amount equal to the VAT chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT. 
 (c) Where a Finance Document requires any Party to reimburse or indemnify a Finance Party for any cost or expense, that Party shall reimburse or indemnify (as the case may be) such Finance Party for the full amount of such cost or expense, including such part thereof as represents VAT, save to the extent that such Finance Party reasonably determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment in respect of such VAT from the relevant tax authority. 
 (d) Any reference in this Clause 13.7 to any Party shall, at any time when such Party is treated as a member of a group for VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 52 

unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the representative member of such group at such time(the term representative member to have the same meaning as in the Value Added Tax Act 1994). 
 (e) In relation to any supply made by a Finance Party to any Party under a Finance Document, if reasonably requested by such Finance Party, that Party must promptly provide such Finance Party with details of that Party's VAT registration and such other information as is reasonably requested in connection with such Finance Party's VAT reporting requirements in relation to such supply. 
 8. FATCA information 
 (a) Subject to paragraph (c) below, each Party shall, within ten Business Days of a reasonable request by another Party 
 (i) confirm to that other Party whether it is 
 (A) a FATCA Exempt Party or 
 (B) not a FATCA Exempt Party 
 (ii) supply to that other Party such forms, documentation and other information relating to its status under FATCA as that other Party reasonably requests for the purposes of that other Party's compliance with FATCA and 
 (iii) supply to that other Party such forms, documentation and other information relating to its status as that other Party reasonably requests for the purposes of that other Party's compliance with any other law, regulation, or exchange of information regime. 
 (b) If a Party confirms to another Party pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above that it is a FATCA Exempt Party and it subsequently becomes aware that it is not or has ceased to be a FATCA Exempt Party, that Party shall notify that other Party reasonably promptly. 
 (c) Paragraph (a) above shall not oblige any Finance Party to do anything, and paragraph (a)(iii) above shall not oblige any other Party to do anything, which would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of 
 (i) any law or regulation 
 (ii) any fiduciary duty or 
 (iii) any duty of confidentiality. 
 (d) If a Party fails to confirm whether or not it is a FATCA Exempt Party or to supply forms, documentation or other information requested in accordance with paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where paragraph (c) above applies), then such Party shall be treated for the purposes of the Finance Documents (and payments under them) as if it is not a FATCA Exempt Party until such time as the Party in question provides the requested confirmation, forms, documentation or other information. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 53 

9. FATCA Deduction 
 (a) Each Party may make any FATCA Deduction it is required to make by FATCA, and any payment required in connection with that FATCA Deduction, and no Party shall be required to increase any payment in respect of which it makes such a FATCA Deduction or otherwise compensate the recipient of the payment for that FATCA Deduction. 
 (b) Each Party shall promptly, upon becoming aware that it must make a FATCA Deduction (or that there is any change in the rate or the basis of such FATCA Deduction), notify the Party to whom it is making the payment and, in addition, shall notify the Borrower and the Agent and the Agent shall notify the other Finance Parties. 
 14 Increased Costs 
 1. Increased Costs 
 (a) Subject to Clause 14.3 Exceptions the Borrower shall, within three Business Days of a demand by the Agent, pay for the account of a Finance Party the amount of any Increased Costs incurred by that Finance Party or any of its Affiliates as a result of (i) the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or regulation or (ii) compliance with any law or regulation made after the date of this Agreement, or (iii) the implementation, administration or application of Basel III or CRD IV or any other law or regulation that implements Basel III or CRD IV. 
 (b) In this Agreement 
 Basel III means 
 (a) the agreements on capital requirements, a leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel III A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , Basel III International framework for liquidity, risk measurement, standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated 
 (b) the rules for global systemically important banks contained in Global systemically important banks assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement Rules text published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011, as amended, supplemented or restated 
 (c) the agreements contained in Basel III Finalising post-crisis reforms published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2017 as amended, supplemented or restated and 
 (d) any further guidance or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision relating to Basel III . 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 54 

CRD IV means 
 (e) Regulation (EU) No 575 2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648 2012 as amended from time to time and 
 (f) Directive 2013 36 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002 87 EC and repealing Directives 2006 48 EC and 2006 49 EC , as amended from time to time, 
 in each case including as in effect in the United Kingdom as retained EU law within the meaning of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 Increased Costs means 
 (g) a reduction in the rate of return from the Facility or on a Finance Party's (or its Affiliate's) overall capital 
 (h) an additional or increased cost or 
 (i) a reduction of any amount due and payable under any Finance Document, 
 which is incurred or suffered by a Finance Party or any of its Affiliates to the extent that it is attributable to that Finance Party having entered into its Commitment or an Ancillary Commitment or funding or performing its obligations under any Finance Document. 
 2. Increased Cost claims 
 (a) A Finance Party intending to make a claim pursuant to Clause 14.1 Increased Costs shall notify the Agent of the event giving rise to the claim, following which the Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower. 
 (b) Each Finance Party shall, as soon as practicable after a demand by the Agent, provide a certificate confirming the amount of its Increased Costs. 
 3. Exceptions 
 (a) Clause 14.1 Increased Costs does not apply to the extent any Increased Cost is 
 (i) attributable to a Tax Deduction required by law to be made by an Obligor 
 (ii) attributable to a FATCA Deduction required to be made by a Party 
 (iii) compensated for by Clause 13.3 Tax indemnity (or would have been compensated for under Clause 13.3 Tax indemnity but was not so compensated solely because any of the exclusions in paragraph (b) of Clause 13.3 Tax indemnity applied) or 
 (iv) attributable to the wilful breach by the relevant Finance Party or its Affiliates of any law or regulation. 
 (b) In this Clause 14.3, a reference to a Tax Deduction has the same meaning given to that term in Clause 13.1 Definitions ). 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 55 

15 Other indemnities 
 1. Currency indemnity 
 (a) If any sum due from an Obligor under the Finance Documents (a Sum ), or any order, judgment or award given or made in relation to a Sum, has to be converted from the currency (the First Currency in which that Sum is payable into another currency (the Second Currency for the purpose of 
 (i) making or filing a claim or proof against that Obligor or 
 (ii) obtaining or enforcing an order, judgment or award in relation to any litigation or arbitration proceedings, 
 that Obligor shall as an independent obligation, within three Business Days of demand, indemnify each Finance Party to whom that Sum is due against any cost, loss or liability arising out of or as a result of the conversion including any discrepancy between (A) the rate of exchange used to convert that Sum from the First Currency into the Second Currency and (B) the rate or rates of exchange available to that person at the time of its receipt of that Sum. 
 (b) Each Obligor waives any right it may have in any jurisdiction to pay any amount under the Finance Documents in a currency or currency unit other than that in which it is expressed to be payable. 
 2. Other indemnities 
 The Borrower shall (or shall procure that an Obligor will), within three Business Days of demand, indemnify each Finance Party against any cost, loss or liability incurred by that Finance Party as a result of 
 (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default 
 (b) a failure by an Obligor to pay any amount due under a Finance Document on its due date, including, without limitation, any cost, loss or liability arising as a result of Clause 29 Sharing among the Finance Parties 
 (c) funding, or making arrangements to fund, its participation in a Loan requested by the Borrower in a Utilisation Request but not made by reason of the operation of any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement (other than by reason of default or negligence by that Finance Party alone) or 
 (d) a Loan (or part of a Loan) not being prepaid in accordance with a notice of prepayment given by the Borrower. 
 3. Indemnity to the Agent 
 The Borrower shall promptly indemnify the Agent against any cost, loss or liability incurred by the Agent (acting reasonably) as a result of 
 (a) investigating any event which it reasonably believes is a Default 
 (b) acting or relying on any notice, request or instruction which it reasonably believes to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorised or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 56 

(c) instructing lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other professional advisers or experts as permitted under this Agreement. 
 16 Mitigation by the Lenders 
 1. Mitigation 
 (a) Each Finance Party shall, in consultation with the Borrower, take all reasonable steps to mitigate any circumstances which arise and which would result in any amount becoming payable under or pursuant to, or cancelled pursuant to, any of Clause 8.1 Illegality ), Clause 13 Tax gross-up and indemnities or Clause 14 Increased Costs including (but not limited to) transferring its rights and obligations under the Finance Documents to another Affiliate or Facility Office. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not in any way limit the obligations of any Obligor under the Finance Documents. 
 2. Limitation of liability 
 (a) The Borrower shall promptly indemnify each Finance Party for all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by that Finance Party as a result of steps taken by it under Clause 16.1 Mitigation ). 
 (b) A Finance Party is not obliged to take any steps under Clause 16.1 Mitigation if, in the opinion of that Finance Party (acting reasonably), to do so might be prejudicial to it. 
 17 Costs and expenses 
 1. Transaction expenses 
 The Borrower shall promptly on demand pay the Agent the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by any of them in connection with the negotiation, preparation, printing and execution of 
 (a) this Agreement and any other documents referred to in this Agreement and 
 (b) any other Finance Documents executed after the date of this Agreement. 
 2. Amendment costs 
 If 
 (a) an Obligor requests an amendment, waiver or consent or 
 (b) an amendment is required pursuant to Clause 30.10 Change of currency ), 
 the Borrower shall, within three Business Days of demand, reimburse the Agent for the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by the Agent in responding to, evaluating, negotiating or complying with that request or requirement. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 57 

3. Enforcement costs 
 The Borrower shall, within three Business Days of demand, pay to each Finance Party the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by that Finance Party in connection with the enforcement of, or the preservation of any rights under, any Finance Document. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 58 

Section - Guarantee 
 18 Guarantee and indemnity 
 1. Guarantee and indemnity 
 The Parent irrevocably and unconditionally jointly and severally 
 (a) guarantees to each Finance Party punctual performance by the Borrower of all the Borrower's obligations under the Finance Documents 
 (b) undertakes with each Finance Party that whenever the Borrower does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Parent shall immediately on demand pay that amount as if it was the principal obligor and 
 (c) agrees with each Finance Party that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify that Finance Party immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability it incurs as a result of the Borrower not paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by it under any Finance Document on the date when it would have been due. The amount payable by the Parent under this indemnity will not exceed the amount it would have had to pay under this Clause 18 if the amount claimed had been recoverable on the basis of a guarantee. 
 2. Continuing guarantee 
 This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of sums payable by any Obligor under the Finance Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part. 
 3. Reinstatement 
 If any discharge, release or arrangement (whether in respect of the obligations of any Obligor or any security for those obligations or otherwise) is made by a Finance Party in whole or in part on the basis of any payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be restored in insolvency, liquidation, administration or otherwise, without limitation, then the liability of the Parent under this Clause 18 will continue or be reinstated as if the discharge, release or arrangement had not occurred. 
 4. Waiver of defences 
 The obligations of the Parent under this Clause 18 will not be affected by an act, omission, matter or thing which, but for this Clause, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Clause 18 (without limitation and whether or not known to it or any Finance Party) including 
 (a) any time, waiver or consent granted to, or composition with, any Obligor or other person 
 (b) the release of any other Obligor or any other person under the terms of any composition or arrangement with any creditor of any member of the Group 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 59 

(c) the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any Obligor or other person or any non-presentation or non-observance of any formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or any failure to realise the full value of any security 
 (d) any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of an Obligor or any other person 
 (e) any amendment, novation, supplement, extension, restatement (however fundamental and whether or not more onerous) or replacement of any Finance Document or any other document or security including without limitation any change in the purpose of, any extension of or any increase in any facility or the addition of any new facility under any Finance Document or other document or security 
 (f) any unenforceability, illegality or invalidity of any obligation of any person under any Finance Document or any other document or security or 
 (g) any insolvency or similar proceedings. 
 5. Immediate recourse 
 The Parent waives any right it may have of first requiring any Finance Party (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) to proceed against or enforce any other rights or security or claim payment from any person before claiming from the Parent under this Clause 18. This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any provision of a Finance Document to the contrary. 
 6. Appropriations 
 Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have been irrevocably paid in full, each Finance Party (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) may 
 (a) refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, security or rights held or received by that Finance Party (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) in respect of those amounts, or apply and enforce the same in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise) and the Parent shall not be entitled to the benefit of the same and 
 (b) hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from the Parent or on account of the Parent's liability under this Clause 18. 
 7. Deferral of Parent's rights 
 Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have been irrevocably paid in full, and unless the Agent otherwise directs, the Parent will not exercise any rights which it may have by reason of performance by it of its obligations under the Finance Documents or by reason of any amount being payable, or liability arising, under this Clause 18 
 (a) to be indemnified by an Obligor 
 (b) to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of any Obligor's obligations under the Finance Documents 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 60 

(c) to take the benefit (in whole or in part and whether by way of subrogation or otherwise) of any rights of the Finance Parties under the Finance Documents or of any other guarantee or security taken pursuant to, or in connection with, the Finance Documents by any Finance Party 
 (d) to bring legal or other proceedings for an order requiring any Obligor to make any payment, or perform any obligation, in respect of which the Parent has given a guarantee, undertaking or indemnity under Clause 18.1 Guarantee and indemnity 
 (e) to exercise any right of set-off against any Obligor and or 
 (f) to claim or prove as a creditor of any Obligor in competition with any Finance Party. 
 If the Parent receives any benefit, payment or distribution in relation to such rights it shall hold that benefit, payment or distribution to the extent necessary to enable all amounts which may be or become payable to the Finance Parties by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents to be repaid in full on trust for the Finance Parties and shall promptly pay or transfer the same to the Agent or as the Agent may direct for application in accordance with Clause 30 Payment mechanics ). 
 8. Additional security 
 This guarantee is in addition to and is not in any way prejudiced by any other guarantee or security now or subsequently held by any Finance Party. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 61 

Section Representations, undertakings and Events of Default 
 19 Representations 
 Each Obligor makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 19 to each Finance Party on the date of this Agreement. 
 1. Status 
 (a) It is a corporation, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 (b) It and, in the case of the Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted. 
 2. Binding obligations 
 The obligations expressed to be assumed by it in each Finance Document are, subject to any general principles of law limiting its obligations which are specifically referred to in any legal opinion delivered pursuant to Clause 4 Conditions of Utilisation ), legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations. 
 3. Non-conflict with other obligations 
 The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Finance Documents do not and will not conflict with 
 (a) any law or regulation applicable to it 
 (b) its or, in the case of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries' constitutional documents or 
 (c) any agreement or instrument binding upon it or any of its assets or, in the case of the Borrower, on any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Subsidiaries' assets. 
 4. Power and authority 
 It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, the Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents. 
 5. Validity and admissibility in evidence 
 All Authorisations required or desirable 
 (a) to enable it lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations in the Finance Documents to which it is a party and 
 (b) to make the Finance Documents to which it is a party admissible in evidence in its jurisdiction of incorporation, 
 have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 62 

6. Governing law and enforcement 
 (a) The choice of English law as the governing law of the Finance Documents will be recognised and enforced in its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 (b) Any judgment obtained in England in relation to a Finance Document will be recognised and enforced in its jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 7. Deduction of Tax 
 It is not required to make any Tax Deduction (as defined in Clause 13.1 Definitions )) from any payment it may make under any Finance Document to a Lender which is 
 (a) a Qualifying Lender 
 (i) falling within paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of Qualifying Lender or 
 (ii) except where a Direction has been given under section 931 of the ITA in relation to the payment concerned, falling within paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Qualifying Lender or 
 (iii) falling within paragraph (b) of the definition of Qualifying Lender or 
 (b) a Treaty Lender and the payment is one specified in a direction given by the Commissioners of Revenue & Customs under Regulation 2 of the Double Taxation Relief (Taxes on Income) (General) Regulations 1970 (SI 1970 488). 
 8. No filing or stamp taxes 
 Under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation it is not necessary that the Finance Documents be filed, recorded or enrolled with any court or other authority in that jurisdiction or that any stamp, registration or similar tax be paid on or in relation to the Finance Documents or the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents. 
 9. No default 
 (a) No Event of Default is continuing or might reasonably be expected to result from the making of any Utilisation. 
 (b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes a default under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or, in the case of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or, in the case of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which might have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 10. No misleading information 
 (a) Any factual information provided by the Parent or any member of the Borrower Group was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated. 
 (b) The financial projections provided to the Agent have been prepared on the basis of recent historical information and on the basis of reasonable assumptions. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 63 

(c) Nothing has occurred since the date that any such information was provided and nothing has been omitted from such information provided to the Agent and no information has been given or withheld by the Parent or any member of the Borrower Group that results in the information supplied by the Parent and or any member of the Borrower Group being untrue or misleading in any material respect. 
 11. Financial statements 
 (a) Its Original Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. 
 (b) Its Original Financial Statements fairly present its financial condition as at the end of the relevant financial year and its consolidated results of operations during the relevant financial year. 
 (c) In the case of the Borrower, there has been no material adverse change in its business or financial condition (or the business or consolidated financial condition of the Borrower Group) since the accounts most recently delivered pursuant to Clause 20.1 Financial statements ). 
 12. Pari passu ranking 
 Its payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally. 
 13. No proceedings 
 (a) No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has or have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or, in the case of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries. 
 (b) No judgment or order of a court, arbitral body or agency which might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been made against it or, in the case of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries. 
 14. Sanctions 
 (a) Neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any directors, officers or employees of it or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (i) is a Restricted Party or is engaging in or has engaged in any transaction or conduct that could result in it becoming a Restricted Party 
 (ii) is or ever has been subject to any claim, proceeding, formal notice or investigation with respect to Sanctions 
 (iii) is engaging or has engaged in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or breaches or attempts to breach, directly or indirectly, any Sanctions applicable to it or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 64 

(iv) has engaged or is engaging, directly or indirectly, in any trade, business or other activities with or for the benefit of any Restricted Party. 
 (b) No Loan, nor the proceeds from any Loan, has been or will be used, directly or indirectly, to lend, contribute, provide or has otherwise been made to fund or finance any business activities or transactions 
 (i) of or with a Restricted Party or 
 (ii) in any other manner which would result in any Obligor or any member of the Group or the Lender being in breach of any Sanctions or becoming a Restricted Party. 
 (c) No provision of this Clause 19.14 is given to the extent that it would be in breach of, or conflict with Council Regulation (EC) No 2271 1996 of 22 November 1996 (as amended) or any law or regulation implementing such Regulation in any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom. 
 15. Anti-corruption law 
 It and each member of the Group has conducted its business in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 16. Plan Assets 
 As of the date of this Agreement, the Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to the Borrower s entry into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement 
 17. Investment Company Act 
 Neither Obligor is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 18. Margin Stock 
 Neither Obligor is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America), and no part of the proceeds of any Utilisation will be used to buy or carry any margin stock (as so defined). After applying the proceeds of any Utilisation made hereunder, not more than 25 of the value of the assets of (a) either Obligor or (b) either Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is represented by margin stock (as so defined). 
 19. Repetition 
 The Repeating Representations are deemed to be made by each Obligor by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing on the date of each Utilisation Request, the first day of each Interest Period, the date of each Accordion Option Notice and on each Accordion Option Increase Date. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 65 

20 Information undertakings 
 The undertakings in this Clause 20 remain in force from the date of this Agreement for so long as any amount is outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force. 
 1. Financial statements 
 The Borrower shall supply to the Agent in sufficient copies for all the Lenders 
 (a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each of its financial years its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year 
 (b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each quarter of each of its financial years, its consolidated financial statements for that financial quarter and 
 (c) a copy of each financial statement and other deliverable that is delivered to the Administrative Agent (as defined in the Parent Facility Agreement) and Lenders (as defined in the Parent Facility Agreement) under the provisions of section 7.01 of the Parent Facility Agreement within two (2) Business Days of such delivery under the Parent Facility Agreement, which delivery shall include any certificates or other information delivered in conjunction with such financial statements in accordance with the provisions of section 7.02 of the Parent Facility Agreement. 
 2. Compliance Certificate 
 (a) The Borrower shall supply to the Agent, with each set of financial statements delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of Clause 20.1 Financial statements ), a Compliance Certificate setting out (in reasonable detail) computations as to compliance with Clause 21 Financial covenants as at the date as at which those financial statements were drawn up. 
 (b) Each Compliance Certificate shall be signed by two directors of the Borrower (one of whom must be the Borrower's finance director). 
 3. Requirements as to financial statements 
 (a) Each set of financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of Clause 20.1 Financial statements shall be certified by a director of the relevant company as fairly presenting its financial condition as at the date as at which those financial statements were drawn up. 
 (b) The Borrower shall procure that each set of financial statements of an Obligor delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of Clause 20.1 Financial statements is prepared using GAAP, accounting practices and financial reference periods consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Original Financial Statements for that Obligor unless, in relation to any set of financial statements, it notifies the Agent that there has been a change in GAAP, the accounting practices or reference 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 66 

periods and its auditors (or, if appropriate, the auditors of the Obligor) deliver to the Agent 
 (i) a description of any change necessary for those financial statements to reflect the GAAP, accounting practices and reference periods upon which that Obligor's Original Financial Statements were prepared and 
 (ii) sufficient information, in form and substance as may be reasonably required by the Agent, to enable the Lenders to determine whether Clause 21 Financial covenants has been complied with and make an accurate comparison between the financial position indicated in those financial statements and that Obligor's Original Financial Statements. 
 Any reference in this Agreement to those financial statements shall be construed as a reference to those financial statements as adjusted to reflect the basis upon which the Original Financial Statements were prepared. 
 4. Information miscellaneous 
 The Borrower shall supply to the Agent (in sufficient copies for all the Lenders, if the Agent so requests) 
 (a) all documents dispatched by the Borrower to its shareholders (or any class of them) or its creditors generally at the same time as they are dispatched 
 (b) promptly upon becoming aware of them, the details of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which are current, threatened or pending against any member of the Group, and which might, if adversely determined, have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) promptly upon becoming aware of them, the details of any judgment or order of a court, arbitral body or agency which is made against any member of the Group, and which might have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) promptly upon becoming aware of them, the details of any proposed change of management in respect of an Obligor and 
 (e) promptly, such further information regarding the financial condition, business and operations of any member of the Group as any Finance Party (through the Agent) may reasonably request. 
 5. Notification of default 
 (a) Each Obligor shall notify the Agent of any Default (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence (unless that Obligor is aware that a notification has already been provided by another Obligor). 
 (b) Promptly upon a request by the Agent, the Borrower shall supply to the Agent a certificate signed by two of its directors or senior officers on its behalf certifying that no Default is continuing (or if a Default is continuing, specifying the Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it). 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 67 

6. Direct electronic delivery by Borrower 
 The Borrower may satisfy its obligation under this Agreement to deliver any information in relation to a Lender by delivering that information directly to that Lender in accordance with Clause 32.5 Electronic communication to the extent that Lender and the Agent agree to this method of delivery. 
 7. Know your customer checks 
 (a) If 
 (i) the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or regulation made after the date of this Agreement 
 (ii) any change in the status of an Obligor (or of a Holding Company of an Obligor) after the date of this Agreement or 
 (iii) a proposed assignment or transfer by a Lender of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a party that is not a Lender prior to such assignment or transfer, 
 obliges the Agent or any Lender (or, in the case of paragraph (iii) above, any prospective new Lender) to comply with know your customer or similar identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, each Obligor shall promptly upon the request of the Agent or any Lender supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Agent (for itself or on behalf of any Lender) or any Lender (for itself or, in the case of the event described in paragraph (iii) above, on behalf of any prospective new Lender) in order for the Agent, such Lender or, in the case of the event described in paragraph (iii) above, any prospective new Lender to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents. 
 (b) Each Lender shall promptly upon the request of the Agent supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Agent (for itself) in order for the Agent to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents. 
 (c) Promptly following any request therefor, the Obligors shall provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the USA Patriot Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation or other applicable anti-money laundering laws. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 68 

21 Financial covenants 
 1. Financial definitions 
 In this Agreement 
 Financial Quarter means the period commencing on the day after one Quarter Date and ending on the next Quarter Date. 
 Financial Year means the annual accounting period of the Borrower Group ending on or about 30 September in each year. 
 Net Tangible Assets means, on any date, Total Net Assets less Total Liabilities on that date. 
 Quarter Date means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year. 
 Relevant Period means each period of twelve months ending on or about the last day of the Financial Year and each period of twelve months ending on or about the last day of each Financial Quarter. 
 Total Assets means, on any date, the aggregate (on a consolidated basis) of all assets of each member of the Borrower Group on that date. 
 Total Intangible Assets means, on any date, the aggregate (on a consolidated basis) of all intangible assets of each member of the Borrower Group on that date. 
 Total Liabilities means, on any date, the aggregate (on a consolidated basis) of all liabilities of each member of the Borrower Group on that date. 
 Total Net Assets means, on any date, Total Assets less Total Intangible Assets on that date. 
 2. Financial condition 
 The Borrower shall ensure that Net Tangible Assets shall at no time be less than USD 400,000,000. 
 3. Financial testing 
 The financial covenant set out in Clause 21.2 Financial condition shall be calculated in accordance with the accounting practices and financial reference points consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Original Financial Statements and tested by reference to each of the financial statements delivered pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 20.1 Financial statements and or each Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Clause 20.2 Compliance Certificate ). 
 22 General undertakings 
 The undertakings in this Clause 22 remain in force from the date of this Agreement for so long as any amount is outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 69 

1. Authorisations 
 Each Obligor shall promptly 
 (a) obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect and 
 (b) supply certified copies to the Agent of, 
 any Authorisation required under any law or regulation of its jurisdiction of incorporation to enable it to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents and to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence in its jurisdiction of incorporation of any Finance Document. 
 2. Compliance with laws 
 Each Obligor shall comply in all respects with all laws to which it may be subject, if failure so to comply would materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents. 
 3. Negative pledge 
 In this Clause 22.3, Quasi-Security means an arrangement or transaction described in paragraph (b) below. 
 (a) No Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that no other member of the Borrower Group will) create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets. 
 (b) No Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that no other member of the Borrower Group will) 
 (i) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to or re-acquired by an Obligor or any other member of the Borrower Group 
 (ii) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms 
 (iii) enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts or 
 (iv) enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect, 
 in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset. 
 (c) Paragraphs (a) and (b) above do not apply to any Security or (as the case may be) Quasi-Security, listed below 
 (i) Security granted by the Borrower in favour of Bank of China Limited, London Branch prior to the date of this Agreement on the terms that are in place as at the date of this Agreement over warrants which are deposited with Bank of China Limited, London Branch as security in connection with the facility under 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 70 

which such warrants were financed, provided that the maximum amount secured thereby does not at any time exceed USD 75,000,000 
 (ii) any Security granted by the Borrower in favour of LME and or LME Clear (in each case in its own capacity and not on behalf of or on trust for other persons) provided that such Security is granted by the Borrower in the ordinary course of its business in accordance with the LME Rules and Procedures and in order to support exchange membership and clearing agreements with the LME 
 (iii) in respect of the Parent, any Security or Quasi-Security that it is permitted to create under the terms of the Parent Facility Agreement 
 (iv) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances (including a Multi-account Overdraft) 
 (v) any payment or close out netting or set-off arrangement pursuant to any hedging transaction entered into by an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group for the purpose of 
 (A) hedging any risk to which an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group is exposed in its ordinary course of trading or 
 (B) its interest rate or currency management operations which are carried out in the ordinary course of business and for non-speculative purposes only, 
 excluding, in each case, any Security or Quasi-Security under a credit support arrangement in relation to a hedging transaction 
 (vi) any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading 
 (vii) any Security or Quasi-Security over or affecting any asset acquired by an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group after the date of this Agreement if 
 (A) the Security or Quasi-Security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that asset by an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group and 
 (B) the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that asset by an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group 
 (viii) any Security or Quasi-Security over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a member of the Borrower Group after the date of this Agreement, where the Security or Quasi-Security is created prior to the date on which that company becomes a member of the Borrower Group, if 
 (A) the Security or Quasi-Security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that company and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 71 

(B) the principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that company 
 (ix) any Security or Quasi-Security entered into pursuant to any Finance Document 
 (x) Security which is deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase transactions which are permitted by the FCA and the LME with respect to trading assets entered into by a member of the Borrower Group in the ordinary course of business with non-Affiliates, so long as the obligations of the counterparty are valid, enforceable and in full force and effect 
 (xi) any Security or Quasi-Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to an Obligor or a member of the Borrower Group in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Borrower Group or 
 (xii) any Security or Quasi-Security securing indebtedness the principal amount of which (when aggregated with the principal amount of any other indebtedness which has the benefit of Security or Quasi-Security given by an Obligor or any member of the Borrower Group other than any permitted under paragraphs (i) to (xi) above) does not exceed USD 2,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies). 
 4. Disposals 
 (a) No Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that no other member of the Borrower Group will) enter into a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any asset. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any sale, lease, transfer or other disposal 
 (i) in respect of the Parent, any sale, lease, licence, transfer or other disposal that it is permitted to make under the terms of the Parent Facility Agreement 
 (ii) made in the ordinary course of trading of the disposing entity 
 (iii) of assets in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type, value and quality (other than an exchange of a non-cash asset for cash) or 
 (i) where the higher of the market value or consideration receivable (when aggregated with the higher of the market value or consideration receivable for any other sale, lease, transfer or other disposal, other than any permitted under paragraphs (i) to (iii) above) does not exceed an amount equal to 7.5 per cent of the Tangible Net Assets of the Borrower (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies) in any financial year. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 72 

5. Merger 
 (a) No Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that no other member of the Borrower Group will) enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger or corporate reconstruction. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to 
 (i) any sale, lease, transfer or other disposal permitted pursuant to Clause 22.4 Disposals or 
 (ii) the Permitted Reorganisation. 
 6. Change of business 
 The Borrower shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Obligors or the Borrower Group from that carried on at the date of this Agreement. 
 7. Sanctions - use of Loans 
 (a) No Obligor and no member of the Group may 
 (i) use, lend, contribute or otherwise make available any part of the proceeds of any Loan or other transaction contemplated 
 (A) for the purpose of financing any trade, business or other activities involving, or for the benefit of, any Restricted Party or 
 (B) in any other manner that would reasonably be expected to result in any person being in breach of any Sanctions or becoming a Restricted Party 
 (ii) engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or breaches or attempts to breach, directly or indirectly, any Sanctions applicable to it or 
 (iii) fund all or part of any payment in connection with a Finance Document out of proceeds derived from business or transactions with a Restricted Party, or from any action which is in breach of any Sanctions 
 (b) No provision of this Clause 22.7 is given to the extent that it would be in breach of, or conflict with Council Regulation (EC) No 2271 1996 of 22 November 1996 (as amended) or any law or regulation implementing such Regulation in any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom. 
 8. Anti-corruption law 
 (a) No Obligor shall (and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries will) directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Facility for any purpose which would breach the Bribery Act 2010, the United States Foreign Corrupt Policies Act of 1977 or other similar legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 73 

(b) Each Obligor shall (and shall ensure that each of its Subsidiaries will) 
 (i) conduct its business in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and 
 (ii) maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 
 9. Acquisitions 
 (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that no member of the Borrower Group will) 
 (i) acquire a company or any shares or securities or a business or undertaking (or, in each case, any interest in any of them) or 
 (ii) incorporate a company. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to an acquisition of a company, of shares, securities or a business or undertaking (or, in each case, any interest in them) or the incorporation of a company which is a Permitted Acquisition. 
 10. Pari passu ranking 
 Each Obligor shall ensure that at all times any unsecured and unsubordinated claims of the Lender against it under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors except those creditors whose claims are mandatorily preferred by laws of general application to companies. 
 11. Financial Indebtedness 
 (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that no other member of the Borrower Group will) incur or allow to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness. 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to Financial Indebtedness which is Permitted Financial Indebtedness. 
 12. Investments 
 No Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that no member of the Borrower Group will) make any Investments other than 
 (a) in respect of the Parent, as permitted under the Parent Facility Agreement and 
 (b) in respect of each Obligor and each member of the Borrower Group, by way of a Permitted Acquisition or as part of the Permitted Reorganisation. 
 13. Regulatory requirements 
 Each Obligor shall (and the Borrower shall ensure that each member of the Borrower Group will) comply in all respects with all regulatory requirements to which it may be subject, if failure to so comply has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 74 

14. ERISA Compliance 
 The Parent shall do, and cause each of its ERISA Affiliates to do, each of the following 
 (a) maintain each Plan in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other US federal or state law 
 (b) cause each Plan that is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code to maintain such qualification and 
 (c) make all required contributions to any Plan subject to Section 412, Section 430 or Section 431 of the Code. 
 23 Events of Default 
 Each of the events or circumstances set out in Clause 23 is an Event of Default (save for Clause 22.13 Acceleration ). 
 1. Non-payment 
 An Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable pursuant to a Finance Document at the place and in the currency in which it is expressed to be payable unless 
 (a) its failure to pay is caused by 
 (i) administrative or technical error or 
 (ii) a Disruption Event and 
 (b) payment is made within two Business Days of its due date. 
 2. Financial covenants 
 Any requirement of Clause 21 Financial covenants is not satisfied. 
 3. Other obligations 
 (a) An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents (other than those referred to in Clause 23.1 Non-payment and Clause 23.2 Financial covenants )). 
 (b) No Event of Default under paragraph (a) above will occur if the failure to comply is capable of remedy and is remedied within10 Business Days of the earlier of (A) the Agent giving notice to the Borrower and (B) the Borrower becoming aware of the failure to comply. 
 4. Misrepresentation 
 Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by an Obligor in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Obligor under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 75 

5. Cross default 
 (a) Any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor or any member of the Group is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period. 
 (b) Any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor or any member of the Group is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described). 
 (c) Any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor or any member of the Group is cancelled or suspended by a creditor of any Obligor or any member of the Group as a result of an event of default (however described). 
 (d) Any creditor of any Obligor or any member of the Group becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described). 
 (e) No Event of Default will occur under this Clause 23.5 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) above is less than 
 (i) in the case of the Group as a whole, USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) or 
 (ii) in the case of the Borrower Group, USD 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies). 
 6. Insolvency 
 (a) A member of the Group 
 (i) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due 
 (ii) suspends making payments on any of its debts or 
 (iii) by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors (excluding any Finance Party in its capacity as such) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness. 
 (iv) The value of the assets of any member of the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities). 
 (v) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Group. 
 7. Insolvency proceedings 
 Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to 
 (a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any member of the Group other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any member of the Group which is not an Obligor 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 76 

(b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any member of the Group 
 (c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation of a member of the Group which is not an Obligor), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any member of the Group or any of its assets or 
 (d) enforcement of any Security over any assets of any member of the Group, 
 or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. 
 This Clause 23.7 shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement. 
 8. Creditors' process 
 Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of any member of the Group having an aggregate value of USD 2,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) and is not discharged within 14 days. 
 9. Unlawfulness 
 It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform any of its obligations under the Finance Documents. 
 10. Repudiation 
 An Obligor repudiates a Finance Document or evidences an intention to repudiate a Finance Document. 
 11. Litigation 
 (a) Any judgment or order of a court, arbitral body or agency is made, against any Obligor or any member of the Group or its assets. 
 (b) No Event of Default will occur under this Clause 23.11 unless there has been entered against any member of the Group 
 (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders across all members of the Group) exceeding USD 25,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of the claim and does not dispute coverage), and the same shall remain unpaid or undischarged or 
 (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, 
 and, in either case 
 (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 77 

(B) there is a period of thirty consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect. 
 12. Material adverse change 
 Any event or circumstance, or series of events or circumstances, occurs which the Majority Lenders reasonably believe has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 13. Acceleration 
 On and at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing the Agent may, and shall if so directed by the Majority Lenders, by notice to the Borrower 
 (a) cancel the Available Commitment of each Lender and or each Ancillary Commitment of each Ancillary Lender whereupon each such Available Commitment and Ancillary Commitment shall immediately be cancelled and the Facility shall immediately cease to be available for further utilisation 
 (b) declare that all or part of the Loans, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable 
 (c) declare that all or part of the Loans be payable on demand, whereupon they shall immediately become payable on demand by the Agent on the instructions of the Majority Lenders 
 (d) declare all or any part of the amounts (or cash cover in relation to those amounts) outstanding under the Ancillary Facilities to be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable and or 
 (e) declare that all or any part of the amounts (or cash cover in relation to those amounts) outstanding under the Ancillary Facilities be payable on demand, at which time they shall immediately become payable on demand by the Agent on the instructions of the Majority Lenders, 
 Provided that, in the case of the occurrence of an Event of Default of the kind referred to in Clause 23.6 Insolvency or 23.7 Insolvency Proceedings ), (a) all such Available Commitments and Ancillary Commitments shall automatically be terminated, and (b) the principal amount of, and the accrued interest on, the Utilisations then outstanding and all other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder shall become automatically due and payable, all without presentment, demand, protest or other formalities of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Obligor. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 78 

Section Changes to Parties 
 24 Changes to the Lenders 
 1. Assignments and transfers by the Lenders 
 Subject to this Clause 24, a Lender (the Existing Lender may 
 (a) assign any of its rights or 
 (b) transfer by novation any of its rights and obligations, 
 under the Finance Documents to another bank or financial institution or to a trust, fund or other entity which is regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities or other financial assets (the New Lender ). 
 2. Borrower consent 
 (a) The consent of the Borrower is required for an assignment or transfer by an Existing Lender, unless the assignment or transfer is 
 (i) to another Lender or an Affiliate or Related Fund of any Lender or 
 (ii) made at a time when an Event of Default is continuing. 
 (b) The consent of the Borrower to an assignment or transfer must not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Borrower will be deemed to have given its consent five Business Days after the Existing Lender has requested it unless consent is expressly refused by the Borrower within that time. 
 3. Other conditions of assignment or transfer 
 (a) An assignment will only be effective on 
 (i) receipt by the Agent (whether in the Assignment Agreement or otherwise) of written confirmation from the New Lender (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent) that the New Lender will assume the same obligations to the other Finance Parties as it would have been under if it had been an Original Lender and 
 (ii) performance by the Agent of all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to such assignment to a New Lender, the completion of which the Agent shall promptly notify to the Existing Lender and the New Lender. 
 (b) A transfer will only be effective if the procedure set out in Clause 24.6 Procedure for transfer is complied with. 
 (c) If 
 (i) a Lender assigns or transfers any of its rights or obligations under the Finance Documents or changes its Facility Office and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 79 

(ii) as a result of circumstances existing at the date the assignment, transfer or change occurs, an Obligor would be obliged to make a payment to the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office under Clause 13 Tax gross-up and indemnities) or Clause 14 Increased Costs ), 
 then the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office is only entitled to receive payment under those Clauses to the same extent as the Existing Lender or Lender acting through its previous Facility Office would have been if the assignment, transfer or change had not occurred. This paragraph (c) shall not apply 
 (iii) in respect of an assignment or transfer made in the ordinary course of the primary syndication of the Facility or 
 (iv) in relation to Clause 13.2 Tax gross-up ), to a Treaty Lender that has included a confirmation of its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph (g)(ii)(B) of Clause 13.2 Tax gross-up if the Obligor making the payment has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Treaty Lender. 
 (d) Each New Lender, by executing the relevant Transfer Certificate or Assignment Agreement, confirms, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Agent has authority to execute on its behalf any amendment or waiver that has been approved by or on behalf of the requisite Lender or Lenders in accordance with this Agreement on or prior to the date on which the transfer or assignment becomes effective in accordance with this Agreement and that it is bound by that decision to the same extent as the Existing Lender would have been had it remained a Lender. 
 (e) Any assignment or transfer by an Existing Lender to a New Lender shall only be effective if it assigns or transfers the Existing Lender's share of the Facility pro rata against the Existing Lender's Available Commitment and its participation in Utilisations under the Facility. 
 4. Assignment or transfer fee 
 The New Lender shall, on the date upon which an assignment or transfer takes effect, pay to the Agent (for its own account) a fee of GBP 3,000. 
 5. Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lenders 
 (a) Unless expressly agreed to the contrary, an Existing Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility to a New Lender for 
 (i) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of the Finance Documents or any other documents 
 (ii) the financial condition of any Obligor 
 (iii) the performance and observance by any Obligor of its obligations under the Finance Documents or any other documents or 
 (iv) the accuracy of any statements (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with any Finance Document or any other document, 
 and any representations or warranties implied by law are excluded. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 80 

(b) Each New Lender confirms to the Existing Lender and the other Finance Parties that it 
 (i) has made (and shall continue to make) its own independent investigation and assessment of the financial condition and affairs of each Obligor and its related entities in connection with its participation in this Agreement and has not relied exclusively on any information provided to it by the Existing Lender in connection with any Finance Document and 
 (ii) will continue to make its own independent appraisal of the creditworthiness of each Obligor and its related entities whilst any amount is or may be outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in force. 
 (c) Nothing in any Finance Document obliges an Existing Lender to 
 (i) accept a re-transfer or re-assignment from a New Lender of any of the rights and obligations assigned or transferred under this Clause 24 or 
 (ii) support any losses directly or indirectly incurred by the New Lender by reason of the non-performance by any Obligor of its obligations under the Finance Documents or otherwise. 
 6. Procedure for transfer 
 (a) Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 24.2 Borrower consent and Clause 24.3 Other conditions of assignment or transfer a transfer is effected in accordance with paragraph (c) below when the Agent executes an otherwise duly completed Transfer Certificate delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender. The Agent shall, subject to paragraph (b) below, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Transfer Certificate appearing on its face to comply with the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Transfer Certificate. 
 (b) The Agent shall only be obliged to execute a Transfer Certificate delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender once it is satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the transfer to such New Lender. 
 (c) Subject to Clause 24.10 Pro rata interest settlement ), on the Transfer Date 
 (i) to the extent that in the Transfer Certificate the Existing Lender seeks to transfer by novation its rights and obligations under the Finance Documents each of the Obligors and the Existing Lender shall be released from further obligations towards one another under the Finance Documents and their respective rights against one another under the Finance Documents shall be cancelled (being the Discharged Rights and Obligations 
 (ii) each of the Obligors and the New Lender shall assume obligations towards one another and or acquire rights against one another which differ from the Discharged Rights and Obligations only insofar as that Obligor and the New Lender have assumed and or acquired the same in place of that Obligor and the Existing Lender 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 81 

(iii) the Agent, the New Lender, the other Lenders and any relevant Ancillary Lender shall acquire the same rights and assume the same obligations between themselves as they would have acquired and assumed had the New Lender been an Original Lender with the rights and or obligations acquired or assumed by it as a result of the transfer and to that extent the Agent, any relevant Ancillary Lender and the Existing Lender shall each be released from further obligations to each other under the Finance Documents and 
 (iv) the New Lender shall become a Party as a Lender . 
 7. Procedure for assignment 
 (a) Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 24.2 Borrower consent and Clause 24.3 Other conditions of assignment or transfer an assignment may be effected in accordance with paragraph (c) below when the Agent executes an otherwise duly completed Assignment Agreement delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender. The Agent shall, subject to paragraph (b) below, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Assignment Agreement appearing on its face to comply with the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Assignment Agreement. 
 (b) The Agent shall only be obliged to execute an Assignment Agreement delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender once it is satisfied it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to the assignment to such New Lender. 
 (c) Subject to Clause 24.10 Pro rata interest settlement ), on the Transfer Date 
 (i) the Existing Lender will assign absolutely to the New Lender the rights under the Finance Documents expressed to be the subject of the assignment in the Assignment Agreement 
 (ii) the Existing Lender will be released by each Obligor and the other Finance Parties from the obligations owed by it (the Relevant Obligations and expressed to be the subject of the release in the Assignment Agreement and 
 (iii) the New Lender shall become a Party as a Lender and will be bound by obligations equivalent to the Relevant Obligations. 
 (d) Lenders may utilise procedures other than those set out in this Clause 24.7 to assign their rights under the Finance Documents (but not, without the consent of the relevant Obligor or unless in accordance with Clause 24.6 Procedure for transfer ), to obtain a release by that Obligor from the obligations owed to that Obligor by the Lenders nor the assumption of equivalent obligations by a New Lender) provided that they comply with the conditions set out in Clause 24.2 Borrower consent and Clause 24.3 Other conditions of assignment or transfer ). 
 8. Copy of Transfer Certificate, Assignment Agreement or Increase Confirmation to Borrower 
 The Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after it has executed a Transfer Certificate, an Assignment Agreement or an Increase Confirmation, send to the Borrower a copy of that Transfer Certificate, Assignment Agreement or Increase Confirmation. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 82 

9. Security over Lenders' rights 
 In addition to the other rights provided to Lenders under this Clause 24, each Lender may without consulting with or obtaining consent from any Obligor, at any time charge, assign or otherwise create Security in or over (whether by way of collateral or otherwise) all or any of its rights under any Finance Document to secure obligations of that Lender including, without limitation 
 (a) any charge, assignment or other Security to secure obligations to a federal reserve or central bank and 
 (b) any charge, assignment or other Security granted to any holders (or trustee or representatives of holders) of obligations owed, or securities issued, by that Lender as security for those obligations or securities, 
 except that no such charge, assignment or Security shall 
 (i) release a Lender from any of its obligations under the Finance Documents or substitute the beneficiary of the relevant charge, assignment or Security for the Lender as a party to any of the Finance Documents or 
 (ii) require any payments to be made by an Obligor other than or in excess of, or grant to any person any more extensive rights than, those required to be made or granted to the relevant Lender under the Finance Documents. 
 10. Pro rata interest settlement 
 (a) If the Agent has notified the Lenders that it is able to distribute interest payments on a pro rata basis to Existing Lenders and New Lenders then (in respect of any transfer pursuant to Clause 24.6 Procedure for transfer or any assignment pursuant to Clause 24.7 Procedure for assignment the Transfer Date of which, in each case, is after the date of such notification and is not on the last day of an Interest Period) 
 (i) any interest or fees in respect of the relevant participation which are expressed to accrue by reference to the lapse of time shall continue to accrue in favour of the Existing Lender up to but excluding the Transfer Date Accrued Amounts and shall become due and payable to the Existing Lender (without further interest accruing on them) on the last day of the current Interest Period (or, if the Interest Period is longer than six Months, on the next of the dates which falls at six Monthly intervals after the first day of that Interest Period) and 
 (ii) the rights assigned or transferred by the Existing Lender will not include the right to the Accrued Amounts, so that, for the avoidance of doubt 
 (A) when the Accrued Amounts become payable, those Accrued Amounts will be payable to the Existing Lender and 
 (B) the amount payable to the New Lender on that date will be the amount which would, but for the application of this Clause 24.10, have been payable to it on that date, but after deduction of the Accrued Amounts. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 83 

(b) In this Clause 24.10 references to Interest Period shall be construed to include a reference to any other period for accrual of fees. 
 (c) An Existing Lender which retains the right to the Accrued Amounts pursuant to this Clause 24.10 but which does not have a Commitment shall be deemed not to be a Lender for the purposes of ascertaining whether the agreement of any specified group of Lenders has been obtained to approve any request for a consent, waiver, amendment or other vote of Lenders under the Finance Documents. 
 25 Changes to the Obligors 
 No Obligor may assign any of its rights or transfer any of its rights or obligations under the Finance Documents. 
 26 Restriction on Debt Purchase Transactions 
 Neither Obligor shall, and shall procure that no other member of the Group will, enter into any Debt Purchase Transaction or beneficially own all or any part of the share capital of a company that is a Lender or a party to a Debt Purchase Transaction of the type referred to in paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of Debt Purchase Transaction. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 84 

Section The Finance Parties 
 27 Role of the Agent 
 1. Appointment of the Agent 
 (a) Each Lender appoints the Agent to act as its agent under and in connection with the Finance Documents. 
 (b) Each Lender authorises the Agent to perform the duties, obligations and responsibilities and to exercise the rights, powers, authorities and discretions specifically given to the Agent under or in connection with the Finance Documents together with any other incidental rights, powers, authorities and discretions. 
 2. Instructions 
 (a) The Agent shall 
 (i) unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document, exercise or refrain from exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it as Agent in accordance with any instructions given to it by 
 (A) all Lenders if the relevant Finance Document stipulates the matter is an all Lender decision and 
 (B) in all other cases, the Majority Lenders and 
 (ii) not be liable for any act (or omission) if it acts (or refrains from acting) in accordance with paragraph (i) above. 
 (b) The Agent shall be entitled to request instructions, or clarification of any instruction, from the Majority Lenders (or, if the relevant Finance Document stipulates the matter is a decision for any other Lender or group of Lenders, from that Lender or group of Lenders) as to whether, and in what manner, it should exercise or refrain from exercising any right, power, authority or discretion. The Agent may refrain from acting unless and until it receives any such instructions or clarification that it has requested. 
 (c) Save in the case of decisions stipulated to be a matter for any other Lender or group of Lenders under the relevant Finance Document and unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document, any instructions given to the Agent by the Majority Lenders shall override any conflicting instructions given by any other Parties and will be binding on all Finance Parties. 
 (d) The Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with any instructions of any Lender or group of Lenders until it has received any indemnification and or security that it may in its discretion require (which may be greater in extent than that contained in the Finance Documents and which may include payment in advance) for any cost, loss or liability which it may incur in complying with those instructions. 
 (e) In the absence of instructions, the Agent may act (or refrain from acting) as it considers to be in the best interest of the Lenders. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 85 

(f) The Agent is not authorised to act on behalf of a Lender (without first obtaining that Lender's consent) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to any Finance Document. 
 3. Duties of the Agent 
 (a) The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature. 
 (b) Subject to paragraph (c) below, the Agent shall promptly forward to a Party the original or a copy of any document which is delivered to the Agent for that Party by any other Party. 
 (c) Without prejudice to Clause 24.8 Copy of Transfer Certificate, Assignment Agreement or Increase Confirmation to Borrower ), paragraph (b) above shall not apply to any Transfer Certificate, any Assignment Agreement or any Increase Confirmation. 
 (d) Except where a Finance Document specifically provides otherwise, the Agent is not obliged to review or check the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any document it forwards to another Party. 
 (e) If the Agent receives notice from a Party referring to this Agreement, describing a Default and stating that the circumstance described is a Default, it shall promptly notify the other Finance Parties. 
 (f) If the Agent is aware of the non-payment of any principal, interest, commitment fee or other fee payable to a Finance Party (other than the Agent) under this Agreement, it shall promptly notify the other Finance Parties. 
 (g) The Agent shall have only those duties, obligations and responsibilities expressly specified in the Finance Documents to which it is expressed to be a party (and no others shall be implied). 
 4. No fiduciary duties 
 (a) Nothing in any Finance Document constitutes the Agent as a trustee or fiduciary of any other person. 
 (b) Neither the Agent nor any Ancillary Lender shall be bound to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by it for its own account. 
 5. Business with the Group 
 The Agent and each Ancillary Lender may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking or other business with any member of the Group. 
 6. Rights and discretions 
 (a) The Agent may 
 (i) rely on any representation, communication, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorised 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 86 

(ii) assume that 
 (A) any instructions received by it from the Majority Lenders, any Lenders or any group of Lenders are duly given in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents and 
 (B) unless it has received notice of revocation, that those instructions have not been revoked and 
 (iii) rely on a certificate from any person 
 (A) as to any matter of fact or circumstance which might reasonably be expected to be within the knowledge of that person or 
 (B) to the effect that such person approves of any particular dealing, transaction, step, action or thing, 
 as sufficient evidence that that is the case and, in the case of paragraph (A) above, may assume the truth and accuracy of that certificate. 
 (b) The Agent may assume (unless it has received notice to the contrary in its capacity as agent for the Lenders) that 
 (i) no Default has occurred (unless it has actual knowledge of a Default arising under Clause 23.1 Non-payment )) 
 (ii) any right, power, authority or discretion vested in any Party or any group of Lenders has not been exercised and 
 (iii) any notice or request made by the Borrower (other than a Utilisation Request) is made on behalf of and with the consent and knowledge of all the Obligors, 
 (c) The Agent may engage and pay for the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other professional advisers or experts. 
 (d) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (c) above or paragraph (e) below, the Agent may at any time engage and pay for the services of any lawyers to act as independent counsel to the Agent (and so separate from any lawyers instructed by the Lenders) if the Agent in its reasonable opinion deems this to be necessary. 
 (e) The Agent may rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other professional advisers or experts (whether obtained by the Agent or by any other Party) and shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of its so relying. 
 (f) The Agent may act in relation to the Finance Documents through its officers, employees and agents. 
 (g) Unless a Finance Document expressly provides otherwise the Agent may disclose to any other Party any information it reasonably believes it has received as agent under this Agreement. 
 (h) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (g) above, the Agent 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 87 

(i) may disclose and 
 (ii) on the written request of the Borrower or the Majority Lenders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, disclose, 
 the identity of a Defaulting Lender to the Borrower and to the other Finance Parties. 
 (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of any Finance Document to the contrary, neither the Agent is obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would, or might in its reasonable opinion, constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. 
 (j) Notwithstanding any provision of any Finance Document to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties, obligations or responsibilities or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 7. Responsibility for documentation 
 Neither the Agent nor any Ancillary Lender is responsible or liable for 
 (a) the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information (whether oral or written) supplied by the Agent, an Ancillary Lender, an Obligor or any other person in or in connection with any Finance Document or the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document 
 (b) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of any Finance Document or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document or 
 (c) any determination as to whether any information provided or to be provided to any Finance Party is non-public information the use of which may be regulated or prohibited by applicable law or regulation relating to insider dealing or otherwise. 
 8. No duty to monitor 
 The Agent shall not be bound to enquire 
 (a) whether or not any Default has occurred 
 (b) as to the performance, default or any breach by any Party of its obligations under any Finance Document or 
 (c) whether any other event specified in any Finance Document has occurred. 
 9. Exclusion of liability 
 (a) Without limiting paragraph (b) below (and without prejudice to any other provision of any Finance Document excluding or limiting the liability of the Agent or any Ancillary Lender), neither the Agent nor any Ancillary Lender will be liable for 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 88 

(i) any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value, or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of taking or not taking any action under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct 
 (ii) exercising, or not exercising, any right, power, authority or discretion given to it by, or in connection with, any Finance Document or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with, any Finance Document, other than by reason of its gross negligence or wilful misconduct or 
 (iii) without prejudice to the generality of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, for negligence or any other category of liability whatsoever) but not including any claim based on the fraud of the Agent) arising as a result of 
 (A) any act, event or circumstance not reasonably within its control or 
 (B) the general risks of investment in, or the holding of assets in, any jurisdiction, 
 including (in each case and without limitation) such damages, costs, losses, diminution in value or liability arising as a result of nationalisation, expropriation or other governmental actions any regulation, currency restriction, devaluation or fluctuation market conditions affecting the execution or settlement of transactions or the value of assets (including any Disruption Event) breakdown, failure or malfunction of any third party transport, telecommunications, computer services or systems natural disasters or acts of God war, terrorism, insurrection or revolution or strikes or industrial action. 
 (b) No Party (other than the Agent or an Ancillary Lender (as applicable)) may take any proceedings against any officer, employee or agent of the Agent or any Ancillary Lender, in respect of any claim it might have against the Agent or an Ancillary Lender or in respect of any act or omission of any kind by that officer, employee or agent in relation to any Finance Document and any officer, employee or agent of the Agent or any Ancillary Lender may rely on this paragraph (b) subject to Clause 1.4 Third party rights and the provisions of the Third Parties Act. 
 (c) The Agent will not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required under the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent if the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose. 
 (d) Nothing in this Agreement shall oblige the Agent to carry out 
 (i) any know your customer or other checks in relation to any person or 
 (ii) any check on the extent to which any transaction contemplated by this Agreement might be unlawful for any Lender or for any Affiliate of any Lender, 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 89 

on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Agent that it is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by the Agent. 
 (e) Without prejudice to any provision of any Finance Document excluding or limiting the Agent's liability, any liability of the Agent arising under or in connection with any Finance Document shall be limited to the amount of actual loss which has been suffered (as determined by reference to the date of default of the Agent or, if later, the date on which the loss arises as a result of such default) but without reference to any special conditions or circumstances known to the Agent at any time which increase the amount of that loss. In no event shall the Agent be liable for any loss of profits, goodwill, reputation, business opportunity or anticipated saving, or for special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages, whether or not the Agent has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages. 
 10. Lenders' indemnity to the Agent 
 Each Lender shall (in proportion to its share of the Total Commitments or, if the Total Commitments are then zero, to its share of the Total Commitments immediately prior to their reduction to zero) indemnify the Agent, within three Business Days of demand, against any cost, loss or liability (including, without limitation, for negligence or any other category of liability whatsoever) incurred by the Agent (otherwise than by reason of the Agent's gross negligence or wilful misconduct) (or, in the case of any cost, loss or liability pursuant to Clause 30.11 Disruption to payment systems, etc. )), notwithstanding the Agent's negligence, gross negligence or any other category of liability whatsoever but not including any claim based on the fraud of the Agent) in acting as Agent under the Finance Documents (unless the Agent has been reimbursed by an Obligor pursuant to a Finance Document). 
 11. Resignation of the Agent 
 (a) The Agent may resign and appoint one of its Affiliates acting through an office in the United Kingdom as successor by giving notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. 
 (b) Alternatively the Agent may resign by giving 30 days' notice to the Lenders and the Borrower, in which case the Majority Lenders (after consultation with the Borrower) may appoint a successor Agent. 
 (c) If the Majority Lenders have not appointed a successor Agent in accordance with paragraph (b) above within 20 days after notice of resignation was given, the retiring Agent (after consultation with the Borrower) may appoint a successor Agent (acting through an office in the United Kingdom). 
 (d) If the Agent wishes to resign because (acting reasonably) it has concluded that it is no longer appropriate for it to remain as agent and the Agent is entitled to appoint a successor Agent under paragraph (c) above, the Agent may (if it concludes (acting reasonably) that it is necessary to do so in order to persuade the proposed successor Agent to become a party to this Agreement as Agent) agree with the proposed successor Agent amendments to this Clause 27 and any other term of this Agreement dealing with the rights or obligations of the Agent consistent with then current market practice for the appointment and protection of corporate trustees together with any reasonable amendments to the agency fee payable under this Agreement which are consistent with the successor Agent's normal fee rates and those amendments will bind the Parties. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 90 

(e) The retiring Agent shall make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents. The Borrower shall, within three Business Days of demand, reimburse the retiring Agent for the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees) properly incurred by it in making available such documents and records and providing such assistance. 
 (f) The Agent's resignation notice shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor. 
 (g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents (other than its obligations under paragraph (e) above) but shall remain entitled to the benefit of Clause 15.3 Indemnity to the Agent and this Clause 27 (and any agency fees for the account of the retiring Agent shall cease to accrue from (and shall be payable on) that date). Any successor and each of the other Parties shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves as they would have had if such successor had been an original Party. 
 (h) After consultation with the Borrower, the Majority Lenders may, by notice to the Agent, require it to resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above. In this event, the Agent shall resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above. 
 (i) The Agent shall resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above (and, to the extent applicable, shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint a successor Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) above) if on or after the date which is three months before the earliest FATCA Application Date relating to any payment to the Agent under the Finance Documents, either 
 (i) the Agent fails to respond to a request under Clause 13.8 FATCA information and a Lender reasonably believes that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date 
 (ii) the information supplied by the Agent pursuant to Clause 13.8 FATCA information indicates that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date or 
 (iii) the Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date 
 and (in each case) a Lender reasonably believes that a Party will be required to make a FATCA Deduction that would not be required if the Agent were a FATCA Exempt Party, and that Lender, by notice to the Agent, requires it to resign. 
 12. Replacement of the Agent 
 (a) After consultation with the Borrower, the Majority Lenders may, by giving 30 days' notice to the Agent (or, at any time the Agent is an Impaired Agent, by giving any shorter notice determined by the Majority Lenders) replace the Agent by appointing a successor Agent. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 91 

(b) The retiring Agent shall make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents. 
 (c) The appointment of the successor Agent shall take effect on the date specified in the notice from the Majority Lenders to the retiring Agent. As from this date, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents (other than its obligations under paragraph (b) above) but shall remain entitled to the benefit of Clause 15.3 Indemnity to the Agent and this Clause 27.12 (and any agency fees for the account of the retiring Agent shall cease to accrue from (and shall be payable on) that date). 
 (d) Any successor Agent and each of the other Parties shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves as they would have had if such successor had been an original Party. 
 13. Confidentiality 
 (a) In acting as agent for the Finance Parties, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. 
 (b) If information is received by another division or department of the Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that division or department and the Agent shall not be deemed to have notice of it. 
 14. Relationship with the Lenders 
 (a) Subject to Clause 24.10 Pro rata interest settlement ), the Agent may treat the person shown in its records as Lender at the opening of business (in the place of the Agent's principal office as notified to the Finance Parties from time to time) as the Lender acting through its Facility Office 
 (i) entitled to or liable for any payment due under any Finance Document on that day and 
 (ii) entitled to receive and act upon any notice, request, document or communication or make any decision or determination under any Finance Document made or delivered on that day, 
 unless it has received not less than five Business Days' prior notice from that Lender to the contrary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b) Any Lender may by notice to the Agent appoint a person to receive on its behalf all notices, communications, information and documents to be made or despatched to that Lender under the Finance Documents. Such notice shall contain the address and (where communication by electronic mail or other electronic means is permitted under Clause 32.5 Electronic communication )) electronic mail address and or any other information required to enable the transmission of information by that means (and, in each case, the department or officer, if any, for whose attention communication is to be made) and be treated as a notification of a substitute address, electronic mail address (or such other information), department and officer by that Lender for the purposes of Clause 32.2 Addresses and paragraph (a)(ii) of 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 92 

Clause 32.5 Electronic communication and the Agent shall be entitled to treat such person as the person entitled to receive all such notices, communications, information and documents as though that person were that Lender. 
 15. Credit appraisal by the Lenders and Ancillary Lenders 
 Without affecting the responsibility of any Obligor for information supplied by it or on its behalf in connection with any Finance Document, each Lender and Ancillary Lender confirms to the Agent and each Ancillary Lender that it has been, and will continue to be, solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with any Finance Document including but not limited to 
 (a) the financial condition, status and nature of each member of the Group 
 (b) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of any Finance Document and any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document 
 (c) whether that Lender or Ancillary Lender has recourse, and the nature and extent of that recourse, against any Party or any of its respective assets under or in connection with any Finance Document, the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document and 
 (d) the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information provided by the Agent, any Party or by any other person under or in connection with any Finance Document, the transactions contemplated by any Finance Document or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document. 
 16. Agent's management time 
 Any amount payable to the Agent under Clause 15.3 Indemnity to the Agent ), Clause 17 Costs and expenses and Clause 27.10 Lenders' indemnity to the Agent shall include the cost of utilising the Agent's management time or other resources and will be calculated on the basis of such reasonable daily or hourly rates as the Agent may notify to the Borrower and the Lenders, and is in addition to any fee paid or payable to the Agent under Clause 12 Fees ). 
 17. Deduction from amounts payable by the Agent 
 If any Party owes an amount to the Agent under the Finance Documents the Agent may, after giving notice to that Party, deduct an amount not exceeding that amount from any payment to that Party which the Agent would otherwise be obliged to make under the Finance Documents and apply the amount deducted in or towards satisfaction of the amount owed. For the purposes of the Finance Documents that Party shall be regarded as having received any amount so deducted. 
 28 Conduct of business by the Finance Parties 
 No provision of this Agreement will 
 (a) interfere with the right of any Finance Party to arrange its affairs (tax or otherwise) in whatever manner it thinks fit 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 93 

(b) oblige any Finance Party to investigate or claim any credit, relief, remission or repayment available to it or the extent, order and manner of any claim or 
 (c) oblige any Finance Party to disclose any information relating to its affairs (tax or otherwise) or any computations in respect of Tax. 
 29 Sharing among the Finance Parties 
 1. Payments to Finance Parties 
 (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below, if a Finance Party (a Recovering Finance Party receives or recovers any amount from an Obligor other than in accordance with Clause 30 Payment mechanics (a Recovered Amount and applies that amount to a payment due under the Finance Documents then 
 (i) the Recovering Finance Party shall, within three Business Days, notify details of the receipt or recovery to the Agent 
 (ii) the Agent shall determine whether the receipt or recovery is in excess of the amount the Recovering Finance Party would have been paid had the receipt or recovery been received or made by the Agent and distributed in accordance with Clause 30 Payment mechanics ), without taking account of any Tax which would be imposed on the Agent in relation to the receipt, recovery or distribution and 
 (iii) the Recovering Finance Party shall, within three Business Days of demand by the Agent, pay to the Agent an amount (the Sharing Payment equal to such receipt or recovery less any amount which the Agent determines may be retained by the Recovering Finance Party as its share of any payment to be made, in accordance with Clause 30.5 (Partial payments). 
 (b) Paragraph (a) above shall not apply to any amount received or recovered by an Ancillary Lender in respect of any cash cover provided for the benefit of that Ancillary Lender. 
 2. Redistribution of payments 
 The Agent shall treat the Sharing Payment as if it had been paid by the relevant Obligor and distribute it between the Finance Parties (other than the Recovering Finance Party) (the Sharing Finance Parties in accordance with Clause 30.5 (Partial payments) towards the obligations of that Obligor to the Sharing Finance Parties. 
 3. Recovering Finance Party's rights 
 On a distribution by the Agent under Clause 29.2 Redistribution of payments of a payment received by a Recovering Finance Party from an Obligor, as between the relevant Obligor and the Recovering Finance Party, an amount of the Recovered Amount equal to the Sharing Payment will be treated as not having been paid by that Obligor. 
 4. Reversal of redistribution 
 If any part of the Sharing Payment received or recovered by a Recovering Finance Party becomes repayable and is repaid by that Recovering Finance Party, then 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 94 

(a) each Sharing Finance Party shall, upon request of the Agent, pay to the Agent for the account of that Recovering Finance Party an amount equal to the appropriate part of its share of the Sharing Payment (together with an amount as is necessary to reimburse that Recovering Finance Party for its proportion of any interest on the Sharing Payment which that Recovering Finance Party is required to pay) (the Redistributed Amount and 
 (b) as between the relevant Obligor and each relevant Sharing Finance Party, an amount equal to the relevant Redistributed Amount will be treated as not having been paid by that Obligor. 
 5. Exceptions 
 (a) This Clause 29 shall not apply to the extent that the Recovering Finance Party would not, after making any payment pursuant to this Clause, have a valid and enforceable claim against the relevant Obligor. 
 (b) A Recovering Finance Party is not obliged to share with any other Finance Party any amount which the Recovering Finance Party has received or recovered as a result of taking legal or arbitration proceedings, if 
 (i) it notified that other Finance Party of the legal or arbitration proceedings and 
 (ii) that other Finance Party had an opportunity to participate in those legal or arbitration proceedings but did not do so as soon as reasonably practicable having received notice and did not take separate legal or arbitration proceedings. 
 6. Ancillary Lenders 
 (a) This Clause 29 shall not apply to any receipt or recovery by a Lender in its capacity as an Ancillary Lender at any time prior to the Agent exercising any of its rights under Clause 23.13 Acceleration ). 
 (b) Following the exercise by the Agent of any of its rights under Clause 23.13 Acceleration ), this Clause 29 shall apply to all receipts or recoveries by Ancillary Lenders except to the extent that the receipt or recovery represents a reduction of the Gross Outstandings of a Multi-account Overdraft to or towards an amount equal to its Net Outstandings. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 95 

Section Administration 
 30 Payment mechanics 
 1. Payments to the Agent 
 (a) On each date on which an Obligor or a Lender is required to make a payment under a Finance Document, excluding a payment under the terms of an Ancillary Document, that Obligor or Lender shall make the same available to the Agent (unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document) for value on the due date at the time and in such funds specified by the Agent as being customary at the time for settlement of transactions in the relevant currency in the place of payment. 
 (b) Payment shall be made to such account in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency and with such bank as the Agent, in each case, specifies. 
 2. Distributions by the Agent 
 Each payment received by the Agent under the Finance Documents for another Party shall, subject to Clause 30.3 Distributions to an Obligor and Clause 30.4 Clawback and pre-funding be made available by the Agent as soon as practicable after receipt to the Party entitled to receive payment in accordance with this Agreement (in the case of a Lender, for the account of its Facility Office), to such account as that Party may notify to the Agent by not less than five Business Days' notice with a bank specified by that Party in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency. 
 3. Distributions to an Obligor 
 The Agent may (with the consent of the Obligor or in accordance with Clause 31 Set-off )) apply any amount received by it for that Obligor in or towards payment (on the date and in the currency and funds of receipt) of any amount due from that Obligor under the Finance Documents or in or towards purchase of any amount of any currency to be so applied. 
 4. Clawback and pre-funding 
 (a) Where a sum is to be paid to the Agent under the Finance Documents for another Party, the Agent is not obliged to pay that sum to that other Party (or to enter into or perform any related exchange contract) until it has been able to establish to its satisfaction that it has actually received that sum. 
 (b) Unless paragraph (c) below applies, if the Agent pays an amount to another Party and it proves to be the case that the Agent had not actually received that amount, then the Party to whom that amount (or the proceeds of any related exchange contract) was paid by the Agent shall on demand refund the same to the Agent together with interest on that amount from the date of payment to the date of receipt by the Agent, calculated by the Agent to reflect its cost of funds. 
 (c) If the Agent is willing to make available amounts for the account of the Borrower before receiving funds from the Lenders then if and to the extent that the Agent does so but it proves to be the case that it does not then receive funds from a Lender in respect of a sum which it paid to the Borrower 
 (i) the Borrower shall on demand refund it to the Agent and 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 96 

(ii) the Lender by whom those funds should have been made available or, if that Lender fails to do so, the Borrower to whom that sum was made available, shall on demand pay to the Agent the amount (as certified by the Agent) which will indemnify the Agent against any funding cost incurred by it as a result of paying out that sum before receiving those funds from that Lender. 
 5. Impaired Agent 
 (a) If, at any time, the Agent becomes an Impaired Agent, an Obligor or a Lender which is required to make a payment under the Finance Documents to the Agent in accordance with Clause 30.1 Payments to the Agent may instead either 
 (i) pay that amount direct to the required recipient(s) or 
 (ii) if in its absolute discretion it considers that it is not reasonably practicable to pay that amount direct to the required recipient(s), pay that amount or the relevant part of that amount to an interest-bearing account held with an Acceptable Bank within the meaning of paragraph (a) of the definition of Acceptable Bank and in relation to which no Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, in the name of the Obligor or the Lender making the payment (the Paying Party and designated as a trust account for the benefit of the Party or Parties beneficially entitled to that payment under the Finance Documents (the Recipient Party or Recipient Parties ). 
 In each case such payments must be made on the due date for payment under the Finance Documents. 
 (b) All interest accrued on the amount standing to the credit of the trust account shall be for the benefit of the Recipient Party or the Recipient Parties pro rata to their respective entitlements. 
 (c) A Party which has made a payment in accordance with this Clause 30.5 shall be discharged of the relevant payment obligation under the Finance Documents and shall not take any credit risk with respect to the amounts standing to the credit of the trust account. 
 (d) Promptly upon the appointment of a successor Agent in accordance with Clause 27.12 Replacement of the Agent ), each Paying Party shall (other than to the extent that that Party has given an instruction pursuant to paragraph (e) below) give all requisite instructions to the bank with whom the trust account is held to transfer the amount (together with any accrued interest) to the successor Agent for distribution to the relevant Recipient Party or Recipient Parties in accordance with Clause 30.2( Distributions by the Agent ). 
 (e) A Paying Party shall, promptly upon request by a Recipient Party and to the extent 
 (i) that it has not given an instruction pursuant to paragraph (d) above and 
 (ii) that it has been provided with the necessary information by that Recipient Party, 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 97 

give all requisite instructions to the bank with whom the trust account is held to transfer the relevant amount (together with any accrued interest) to that Recipient Party. 
 6. Partial payments 
 (a) If the Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable by an Obligor under the Finance Documents, the Agent shall apply that payment towards the obligations of that Obligor under the Finance Documents in the following order 
 (i) first , in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid amount owing to the Agent under the Finance Documents 
 (ii) secondly , in or towards payment pro rata of any accrued interest, fee or commission due but unpaid under this Agreement 
 (iii) thirdly , in or towards payment pro rata of any principal due but unpaid under this Agreement and 
 (iv) fourthly , in or towards payment pro rata of any other sum due but unpaid under the Finance Documents. 
 (b) The Agent shall, if so directed by the Majority Lenders, vary the order set out in paragraphs (a)(ii) to (a)(iv) above. 
 (c) Paragraphs (a) and (b) above will override any appropriation made by an Obligor. 
 7. No set-off by Obligors 
 All payments to be made by an Obligor under the Finance Documents shall be calculated and be made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
 8. Business Days 
 (a) Any payment under the Finance Documents which is due to be made on a day that is not a Business Day shall be made on the next Business Day in the same calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not). 
 (b) During any extension of the due date for payment of any principal or Unpaid Sum under this Agreement interest is payable on the principal or Unpaid Sum at the rate payable on the original due date. 
 9. Currency of account 
 (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, dollars is the currency of account and payment for any sum due from an Obligor under any Finance Document. 
 (b) Each payment in respect of costs, expenses or Taxes shall be made in the currency in which the costs, expenses or Taxes are incurred. 
 (c) Any amount expressed to be payable in a currency other than dollars shall be paid in that other currency. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 98 

10. Change of currency 
 (a) Unless otherwise prohibited by law, if more than one currency or currency unit are at the same time recognised by the central bank of any country as the lawful currency of that country, then 
 (i) any reference in the Finance Documents to, and any obligations arising under the Finance Documents in, the currency of that country shall be translated into, or paid in, the currency or currency unit of that country designated by the Agent (after consultation with the Borrower) and 
 (ii) any translation from one currency or currency unit to another shall be at the official rate of exchange recognised by the central bank for the conversion of that currency or currency unit into the other, rounded up or down by the Agent (acting reasonably). 
 (b) If a change in any currency of a country occurs, this Agreement will, to the extent the Agent (acting reasonably and after consultation with the Borrower) specifies to be necessary, be amended to comply with any generally accepted conventions and market practice in the Relevant Market and otherwise to reflect the change in currency. 
 11. Disruption to payment systems, etc. 
 If either the Agent determines (in its discretion) that a Disruption Event has occurred or the Agent is notified by the Borrower that a Disruption Event has occurred 
 (a) the Agent may, and shall if requested to do so by the Borrower, consult with the Borrower with a view to agreeing with the Borrower such changes to the operation or administration of the Facility as the Agent may deem necessary in the circumstances 
 (b) the Agent shall not be obliged to consult with the Borrower in relation to any changes mentioned in paragraph (a) above if, in its opinion, it is not practicable to do so in the circumstances and, in any event, shall have no obligation to agree to such changes 
 (c) the Agent may consult with the Finance Parties in relation to any changes mentioned in paragraph (a) above but shall not be obliged to do so if, in its opinion, it is not practicable to do so in the circumstances 
 (d) any such changes agreed upon by the Agent and the Borrower shall (whether or not it is finally determined that a Disruption Event has occurred) be binding upon the Parties as an amendment to (or, as the case may be, waiver of) the terms of the Finance Documents notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 36 Amendments and waivers 
 (e) the Agent shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever (including for negligence, gross negligence or any other category of liability whatsoever but not including any claim based on the fraud of the Agent) arising as a result of its taking, or failing to take, any actions pursuant to or in connection with this Clause 30.11 and 
 (f) the Agent shall notify the Finance Parties of all changes agreed pursuant to paragraph (d) above. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 99 

31 Set-off 
 1. Set-off right 
 A Finance Party may set-off any matured obligation due from an Obligor under the Finance Documents (to the extent beneficially owned by that Finance Party) against any matured obligation owed by that Finance Party to that Obligor, regardless of the place of payment, booking branch or currency of either obligation. If the obligations are in different currencies, the Finance Party may convert either obligation at a market rate of exchange in its usual course of business for the purpose of the set-off. 
 2. Ancillary Facilities 
 Any credit balances taken into account by an Ancillary Lender when operating a net limit in respect of any overdraft under an Ancillary Facility shall on enforcement of the Finance Documents be applied first in reduction of the overdraft provided under that Ancillary Facility in accordance with its terms. 
 32 Notices 
 1. Communications in writing 
 Any communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be made in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be made by letter. 
 2. Addresses 
 (a) The address (and the department or officer, if any, for whose attention the communication is to be made) of each Party for any communication or document to be made or delivered under or in connection with the Finance Documents is 
 (i) in the case of the Borrower, that identified with its name below 
 (ii) in the case of each Lender, each Ancillary Lender or any other Obligor, that notified in writing to the Agent on or prior to the date on which it becomes a Party and 
 (iii) in the case of the Agent, that identified with its name below, 
 or any substitute address or department or officer as the Party may notify to the Agent (or the Agent may notify to the other Parties, if a change is made by the Agent) by not less than five Business Days' notice. 
 (b) The addresses referred to in paragraph (a) above are as follows 
 (i) The Borrower 
 Moor House, 1 st Floor, 120 London Wall London EC2Y 5ET 
 Attention Celeste Callow 
 Email Celeste.Callow StoneX.com 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 100 

(ii) The Agent 
 Barclays Bank PLC Level 11, 1 Churchill Place London E14 5HP 
 Attention Karyn Folino 
 Email karyn.folino barclays.com 
 3. Delivery 
 (a) Any communication or document made or delivered by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents will only be effective when it has been left at the relevant address or five Business Days after being deposited in the post postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to it at that address and, if a particular department or officer is specified as part of its address details provided under Clause 32.2 Addresses ), if addressed to that department or officer. 
 (b) Any communication or document to be made or delivered to the Agent will be effective only when actually received by the Agent and then only if it is expressly marked for the attention of the department or officer identified in paragraph (b) of Clause 32.2 Addresses (or any substitute department or officer as the Agent shall specify for this purpose). 
 (c) All notices from or to an Obligor shall be sent through the Agent. 
 (d) Any communication or document made or delivered to the Borrower in accordance with this Clause will be deemed to have been made or delivered to each of the Obligors. 
 (e) Any communication or document which becomes effective, in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above, after 5 00 p.m. in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. 
 4. Notification of address 
 Promptly upon changing its address, the Agent shall notify the other Parties. 
 5. Electronic communication 
 (a) Any communication or document to be made or delivered by one Party to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents may be made or delivered by electronic mail or other electronic means (including, without limitation, by way of posting to a secure website) if those two Parties 
 (i) notify each other in writing of their electronic mail address and or any other information required to enable the transmission of information by that means and 
 (ii) notify each other of any change to their address or any other such information supplied by them by not less than five Business Days' notice. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 101 

(b) Any such electronic communication or delivery as specified in paragraph (a) above to be made between an Obligor and a Finance Party may only be made in that way to the extent that those two Parties agree that, unless and until notified to the contrary, this is to be an accepted form of communication or delivery. 
 (c) Any such electronic communication or delivery as specified in paragraph (a) above made or delivered by one Party to another will be effective only when actually received (or made available) in readable form and in the case of any electronic communication or document made or delivered by a Party to the Agent only if it is addressed in such a manner as the Agent shall specify for this purpose. 
 (d) Any electronic communication or document which becomes effective, in accordance with paragraph (c) above, after 5 00 p.m. in the place in which the Party to whom the relevant communication or document is sent or made available has its address for the purpose of this Agreement shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. 
 (e) Any reference in a Finance Document to a communication being sent or received or a document being delivered shall be construed to include that communication or document being made available in accordance with this Clause 32.5. 
 6. Communication when Agent is Impaired Agent 
 If the Agent is an Impaired Agent the Parties may, instead of communicating with each other through the Agent, communicate with each other directly and (while the Agent is an Impaired Agent) all the provisions of the Finance Documents which require communications to be made or notices to be given to or by the Agent shall be varied so that communications may be made and notices given to or by the relevant Parties directly. This provision shall not operate after a replacement Agent has been appointed. 
 7. English language 
 (a) Any notice given under or in connection with any Finance Document must be in English. 
 (b) All other documents provided under or in connection with any Finance Document must be 
 (i) in English or 
 (ii) if not in English, and if so required by the Agent, accompanied by a certified English translation and, in this case, the English translation will prevail unless the document is a constitutional, statutory or other official document. 
 33 Calculations and certificates 
 1. Accounts 
 In any litigation or arbitration proceedings arising out of or in connection with a Finance Document, the entries made in the accounts maintained by a Finance Party are prima facie evidence of the matters to which they relate. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 102 

2. Certificates and determinations 
 Any certification or determination by a Finance Party of a rate or amount under any Finance Document is, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates. 
 3. Day count convention 
 Any interest, commission or fee accruing under a Finance Document will accrue from day to day and is calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days or, in any case where the practice in the Relevant Market differs, in accordance with that market practice. 
 34 Partial invalidity 
 If, at any time, any provision of a Finance Document is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any law of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction will in any way be affected or impaired. 
 35 Remedies and waivers 
 No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of any Finance Party, any right or remedy under a Finance Document shall operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy or constitute an election to affirm any of the Finance Documents. No election to affirm any Finance Document on the part of any Finance Party shall be effective unless it is in writing. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy shall prevent any further or other exercise or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The rights and remedies provided in each Finance Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 
 36 Amendments and waivers 
 1. Required consents 
 (a) Subject to Clause 36.2 All Lender matters and Clause 36.3 Other exceptions any term of the Finance Documents may be amended or waived only with the consent of the Majority Lenders and the Obligors and any such amendment or waiver will be binding on all Parties. 
 (b) The Agent may effect, on behalf of any Finance Party, any amendment or waiver permitted by this Clause 36. 
 (c) Paragraph (c) of Clause 24.10 Pro rata interest settlement shall apply to this Clause 36.1. 
 2. All Lender matters 
 An amendment or waiver of any term of any Finance Document that has the effect of changing or which relates to 
 (a) the definition of Majority Lenders in Clause 1.1 Definitions 
 (b) an extension to the date of payment of any amount under the Finance Documents 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 103 

(c) a reduction in the Margin or a reduction in the amount of any payment of principal, interest, fees or commission payable 
 (d) a change in currency of payment of any amount under the Finance Documents 
 (e) an increase in any Commitment, an extension of the Availability Period or any requirement that a cancellation of Commitments reduces the Commitments of the Lenders rateably under the Facility 
 (f) a change to the Borrower or the Parent in its capacity as a guarantor 
 (g) any provision which expressly requires the consent of all the Lenders 
 (h) Clause 2.2 Increase ), Clause 5.1 Delivery of a Utilisation Request ), Clause 8.1 Illegality ), Clause 8.2 Change of control ), Clause 8.9 Application of prepayments ), Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders ), Clause 29 Sharing among the Finance Parties ), this Clause 36, Clause 42 Governing law or Clause 43.1 Jurisdiction 
 (i) the nature or scope of the guarantee and indemnity granted under Clause 18 Guarantee and indemnity or 
 (j) Clause 19.14 Sanctions or Clause 22.7 Sanctions - use of Loans ), or the definition in Clause 1.1 Definitions of any defined term used in, or relevant to, those Clauses, 
 shall not be made without the prior consent of all the Lenders. 
 3. Other exceptions 
 An amendment or waiver which relates to, or would otherwise affect, the rights or obligations of the Agent or any Ancillary Lender (each in their capacity as such) may not be effected without the consent of the Agent or that Ancillary Lender as the case may be. 
 4. Excluded Commitments 
 If any Defaulting Lender fails to respond to a request for a consent, waiver, amendment of or in relation to any term of any Finance Document or any other vote of Lenders under the terms of this Agreement within 15 Business Days of that request being made (unless, the Borrower and the Agent agree to a longer time period in relation to any request) 
 (a) its Commitment shall not be included for the purpose of calculating the Total Commitments under the relevant Facility ies when ascertaining whether any relevant percentage (including, for the avoidance of doubt, unanimity) of Total Commitments has been obtained to approve that request and 
 (b) its status as a Lender shall be disregarded for the purpose of ascertaining whether the agreement of any specified group of Lenders has been obtained to approve that request 
 5. Disenfranchisement of Defaulting Lenders 
 (a) For so long as a Defaulting Lender has any Available Commitment, in ascertaining 
 (i) the Majority Lenders or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 104 

(ii) whether 
 (A) any given percentage (including, for the avoidance of doubt, unanimity) of the Total Commitments under the Facility or 
 (B) the agreement of any specified group of Lenders, 
 has been obtained to approve any request for a consent, waiver, amendment or other vote of Lenders under the Finance Documents, 
 that Defaulting Lender's Commitments under the Facility will be reduced by the amount of its Available Commitments under the Facility and, to the extent that that reduction results in that Defaulting Lender's Total Commitments being zero, that Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender for the purposes of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above. 
 (b) For the purposes of this Clause 36.5, the Agent may assume that the following Lenders are Defaulting Lenders 
 (i) any Lender which has notified the Agent that it has become a Defaulting Lender 
 (ii) any Lender in relation to which it is aware that any of the events or circumstances referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Defaulting Lender has occurred, 
 unless it has received notice to the contrary from the Lender concerned (together with any supporting evidence reasonably requested by the Agent) or the Agent is otherwise aware that the Lender has ceased to be a Defaulting Lender. 
 6. Replacement of a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) The Borrower may, at any time a Lender has become and continues to be a Defaulting Lender, by giving 10 Business Days' prior written notice to the Agent and such Lender 
 (i) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to (and, to the extent permitted by law, such Lender shall) transfer pursuant to Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders all (and not part only) of its rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (ii) require such Lender to (and, to the extent permitted by law, such Lender shall) transfer pursuant to Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders all (and not part only) of the undrawn Commitment of the Lender or 
 (iii) require such Lender to (and, to the extent permitted by law, such Lender shall) transfer pursuant to Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders all (and not part only) of its rights and obligations in respect of the Facility, 
 to an Eligible Institution (a Replacement Lender ), which confirms its willingness to assume and does assume all the obligations, or all the relevant obligations, of the 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 105 

transferring Lender in accordance with Clause 24 Changes to the Lenders for a purchase price in cash payable at the time of transfer which is either 
 (A) in an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's participation in the outstanding Utilisations and all accrued interest (to the extent that the Agent has not given a notification under Clause 24.10 Pro rata interest settlement )), Break Costs and other amounts payable in relation thereto under the Finance Documents or 
 (B) in an amount agreed between that Defaulting Lender, the Replacement Lender and the Parent and which does not exceed the amount described in sub-paragraph (A) above. 
 (b) Any transfer of rights and obligations of a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Clause 36.6 shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) the Borrower shall have no right to replace the Agent 
 (ii) neither the Agent nor the Defaulting Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a Replacement Lender 
 (iii) the transfer must take place no later than 60 days after the notice referred to in paragraph (a) above 
 (iv) in no event shall the Defaulting Lender be required to pay or surrender to the Replacement Lender any of the fees received by the Defaulting Lender pursuant to the Finance Documents and 
 (v) the Defaulting Lender shall only be obliged to transfer its rights and obligations pursuant to paragraph (a) above once it is satisfied that it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations in relation to that transfer to the Replacement Lender. 
 (c) The Defaulting Lender shall perform the checks described in paragraph (b)(v) above as soon as reasonably practicable following delivery of a notice referred to in paragraph (a) above and shall notify the Agent and the Parent when it is satisfied that it has complied with those checks. 
 37 Confidential Information 
 1. Confidentiality 
 Each Finance Party agrees to keep all Confidential Information confidential and not to disclose it to anyone, save to the extent permitted by Clause 37.2 Disclosure of Confidential Information and Clause 37.3 Disclosure to numbering service providers ), and to ensure that all Confidential Information is protected with security measures and a degree of care that would apply to its own confidential information. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 106 

2. Disclosure of Confidential Information 
 (a) Any Finance Party may disclose 
 (i) to any of its Affiliates and Related Funds and any of its or their officers, directors, employees, professional advisers, auditors, partners and Representatives such Confidential Information as that Finance Party shall consider appropriate if any person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given pursuant to this paragraph (i) is informed in writing of its confidential nature and that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information except that there shall be no such requirement to so inform if the recipient is subject to professional obligations to maintain the confidentiality of the information or is otherwise bound by requirements of confidentiality in relation to the Confidential Information 
 (ii) to any person 
 (A) to (or through) whom it assigns or transfers (or may potentially assign or transfer) all or any of its rights and or obligations under one or more Finance Documents or which succeeds (or which may potentially succeed) it as Agent and, in each case, to any of that person's Affiliates, Related Funds, Representatives and professional advisers 
 (B) with (or through) whom it enters into (or may potentially enter into), whether directly or indirectly, any sub-participation in relation to, or any other transaction under which payments are to be made or may be made by reference to, one or more Finance Documents and or one or more Obligors and to any of that person's Affiliates, Related Funds, Representatives and professional advisers 
 (C) appointed by any Finance Party or by a person to whom paragraph (ii)(A) or (B) above applies to receive communications, notices, information or documents delivered pursuant to the Finance Documents on its behalf (including, without limitation, any person appointed under paragraph (c) of Clause 27.14 Relationship with the Lenders )) 
 (D) who invests in or otherwise finances (or may potentially invest in or otherwise finance), directly or indirectly, any transaction referred to in paragraph (ii)(A) or (ii)(B) above 
 (E) to whom information is required or requested to be disclosed by any court of competent jurisdiction or any governmental, banking, taxation or other regulatory authority or similar body, the rules of any relevant stock exchange or pursuant to any applicable law or regulation 
 (F) to whom information is required to be disclosed in connection with, and for the purposes of, any litigation, arbitration, administrative or other investigations, proceedings or disputes 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 107 

(G) to whom or for whose benefit that Finance Party charges, assigns or otherwise creates Security (or may do so) pursuant to Clause 24.9 Security over Lenders' rights 
 (H) who is a Party or 
 (I) with the consent of the Borrower 
 in each case, such Confidential Information as that Finance Party shall consider appropriate if 
 1) in relation to paragraphs (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(C) above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a Confidentiality Undertaking except that there shall be no requirement for a Confidentiality Undertaking if the recipient is a professional adviser and is subject to professional obligations to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information 
 2) in relation to paragraph (ii)(D) above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a Confidentiality Undertaking or is otherwise bound by requirements of confidentiality in relation to the Confidential Information they receive and is informed that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information 
 3) in relation to paragraphs (ii)(E), (ii)(F) and (ii)(G) above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given is informed of its confidential nature and that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information except that there shall be no requirement to so inform if, in the opinion of that Finance Party, it is not practicable so to do in the circumstances and 
 (iii) to any person appointed by that Finance Party or by a person to whom paragraph (ii)(A) or (ii)(B) above applies to provide administration or settlement services in respect of one or more of the Finance Documents including, without limitation, in relation to the trading of participations in respect of the Finance Documents, such Confidential Information as may be required to be disclosed to enable such service provider to provide any of the services referred to in this paragraph (iii) if the service provider to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a confidentiality agreement substantially in the form of the LMA Master Confidentiality Undertaking for Use With Administration Settlement Service Providers or such other form of confidentiality undertaking agreed between the Borrower and the relevant Finance Party and 
 (iv) to any rating agency (including its professional advisers) such Confidential Information as may be required to be disclosed to enable such rating agency to carry out its normal rating activities in relation to the Finance Documents and or the Obligors if the rating agency to whom the Confidential Information 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 108 

is to be given is informed of its confidential nature and that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information. 
 (b) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules, or regulations to a governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory authority without any notification to any person. 
 3. Disclosure to numbering service providers 
 (a) Any Finance Party may disclose to any national or international numbering service provider appointed by that Finance Party to provide identification numbering services in respect of this Agreement, the Facility and or one or more Obligors the following information 
 (i) names of Obligors 
 (ii) country of domicile of Obligors 
 (iii) place of incorporation of Obligors 
 (iv) date of this Agreement 
 (v) Clause 42 Governing law 
 (vi) the names of the Agent 
 (vii) date of each amendment and restatement of this Agreement 
 (viii) amount of the Facility (and any tranches) 
 (ix) amount of Total Commitments 
 (x) currency of the Facility 
 (xi) type of Facility 
 (xii) ranking of Facility 
 (xiii) Termination Date for the Facility 
 (xiv) changes to any of the information previously supplied pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (xiii) above and 
 (xv) such other information agreed between such Finance Party and the Borrower, 
 to enable such numbering service provider to provide its usual syndicated loan numbering identification services. 
 (b) The Parties acknowledge and agree that each identification number assigned to this Agreement, the Facility and or one or more Obligors by a numbering service provider and the information associated with each such number may be disclosed to users of its services in accordance with the standard terms and conditions of that numbering service provider. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 109 

(c) Each Obligor represents that none of the information set out in paragraphs (a)(i) to (xv) above is, nor will at any time be, unpublished price-sensitive information. 
 (d) The Agent shall notify the Borrower and the other Finance Parties of 
 (i) the name of any numbering service provider appointed by the Agent in respect of this Agreement, the Facility and or one or more Obligors and 
 (ii) the number or, as the case may be, numbers assigned to this Agreement, the Facility and or one or more Obligors by such numbering service provider. 
 4. Entire agreement 
 This Clause 37 constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties in relation to the obligations of the Finance Parties under the Finance Documents regarding Confidential Information and supersedes any previous agreement, whether express or implied, regarding Confidential Information. 
 5. Inside information 
 Each of the Finance Parties acknowledges that some or all of the Confidential Information is or may be price-sensitive information and that the use of such information may be regulated or prohibited by applicable legislation including securities law relating to insider dealing and market abuse and each of the Finance Parties undertakes not to use any Confidential Information for any unlawful purpose. 
 6. Notification of disclosure 
 Each of the Finance Parties agrees (to the extent permitted by law and regulation) to inform the Borrower 
 (a) of the circumstances of any disclosure of Confidential Information made pursuant to paragraph (ii)(E) of Clause 37.2 Disclosure of Confidential Information except where such disclosure is made to any of the persons referred to in that paragraph during the ordinary course of its supervisory or regulatory function and 
 (b) upon becoming aware that Confidential Information has been disclosed in breach of this Clause 37. 
 7. Continuing obligations 
 The obligations in this Clause 37 are continuing and, in particular, shall survive and remain binding on each Finance Party for a period of twelve months from the earlier of 
 (a) the date on which all amounts payable by the Obligors under or in connection with this Agreement have been paid in full and all Commitments have been cancelled or otherwise cease to be available and 
 (b) the date on which such Finance Party otherwise ceases to be a Finance Party. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 110 

38 Counterparts 
 Each Finance Document may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of the Finance Document. 
 39 Bail-In 
 1. Definitions 
 In this Clause 39 
 Article 55 BRRD means Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 
 Bail-In Legislation means 
 (a) in relation to an EEA Member Country which has implemented, or which at any time implements, Article 55 BRRD, the relevant implementing law or regulation as described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time and 
 (b) in relation to any state other than such an EEA Member Country or (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not such an EEA Member Country) the United Kingdom, any analogous law or regulation from time to time which requires contractual recognition of any Write-down and Conversion Powers contained in that law or regulation. 
 EEA Member Country means any member state of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the document described as such and published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) from time to time. 
 Resolution Authority means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 
 UK Bail-In Legislation means (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not an EEA Member Country which has implemented, or implements, Article 55 BRRD) Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 and any other law or regulation applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Write-down and Conversion Powers means 
 (c) in relation to any Bail-In Legislation described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time, the powers described as such in relation to that Bail-In Legislation in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule 
 (d) in relation to any other applicable Bail-In Legislation 
 (i) any powers under that Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 111 

institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers and 
 (ii) any similar or analogous powers under that Bail-In Legislation and 
 (e) in relation to any UK Bail-In Legislation 
 (i) any powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers and 
 (ii) any similar or analogous powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation. 
 2. Contractual recognition of bail-in 
 Notwithstanding any other term of any Finance Document or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between the Parties, each Party acknowledges and accepts that any liability of any Party to any other Party under or in connection with the Finance Documents may be subject to Bail-In Action by the relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the effect of 
 (a) any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability, including 
 (i) a reduction, in full or in part, in the principal amount, or outstanding amount due (including any accrued but unpaid interest) in respect of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or part of, any such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership that may be issued to, or conferred on, it and 
 (iii) a cancellation of any such liability and 
 (b) a variation of any term of any Finance Document to the extent necessary to give effect to any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability. 
 40 Waiver of consequential damages 
 To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Party shall assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other Party or any of its Affiliates, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 112 

connection with, or as a result of, the Finance Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the Utilisations or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 41 USA Patriot Act 
 Each Lender hereby notifies each Obligor that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Obligor, which information includes the name and address of such Obligor and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Obligor in accordance with said Act. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 113 

Section Governing law and enforcement 
 42 Governing law 
 This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law. 
 43 Enforcement 
 1. Jurisdiction 
 (a) The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with this Agreement) (a Dispute ). 
 (b) The Parties agree that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle Disputes and accordingly no Party will argue to the contrary. 
 (c) Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, no Finance Party shall be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Finance Parties may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
 2. Service of process 
 (a) Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, the Parent 
 (i) irrevocably appoints the Borrower as its agent for service of process in relation to any proceedings before the English courts in connection with any Finance Document (and the Borrower by its execution of this Agreement, accepts that appointment) and 
 (ii) agrees that failure by an agent for service of process to notify the Parent of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned. 
 (b) If any person appointed as an agent for service of process is unable for any reason to act as agent for service of process, the Borrower (on behalf of all the Obligors) must immediately (and in any event within 10 days of such event taking place) appoint another agent on terms acceptable to the Lender (acting reasonably). Failing this, the Lender may appoint another agent for this purpose. 
 This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 114 

Schedule 1 The Lenders (as at 31 October 2024) 
 Name of Original Lender 
 Commitment 
 Barclays Bank PLC 
 USD 25,000,000 
 HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 
 USD 25,000,000 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 USD 15,000,000 
 Capital One, National Association 
 USD 10,000,000 
 Bank of China Limited, London Branch 
 Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
 USD 25,000,000 
 USD 15,000,000 

APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 115 

Schedule 2 Conditions precedent 
 Now historic 
 1 Obligors 
 (a) A copy of the constitutional documents of each Obligor. 
 (b) A copy of a resolution of the board of directors of each Obligor 
 (i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Finance Documents to which it is a party and resolving that it execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party 
 (ii) authorising a specified person or persons to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party on its behalf and 
 (iii) authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and or despatch all documents and notices (including, if relevant, any Utilisation Request) to be signed and or despatched by it under or in connection with the Finance Documents to which it is a party. 
 (c) A specimen of the signature of each person authorised by the resolution referred to in paragraph (b) above. 
 (d) A certificate of the Borrower (signed by a director) confirming that borrowing or guaranteeing, as appropriate, the Total Commitments would not cause any borrowing, guaranteeing or similar limit binding on any Obligor to be exceeded. 
 (e) A certificate of an authorised signatory of the relevant Obligor certifying that each copy document relating to it specified in this Schedule 2 is correct, complete and in full force and effect as at a date no earlier than the date of this Agreement. 
 2 Finance Documents 
 (a) This Agreement duly executed by all original parties to it. 
 (b) The Fee Letters duly executed by all parties. 
 3 Legal opinions 
 (a) A legal opinion of Dentons UK and Middle East LLP, legal advisers to the Agent in England, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement. 
 (b) A legal opinion of Potter, Anderson & Corroon LLP, legal advisers to the Agent in Delaware, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement. 
 4 Other documents and evidence 
 (a) A copy of any other Authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance which the Agent considers to be necessary or desirable (if it has notified the Borrower 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 116 

accordingly) in connection with the entry into and performance of the transactions contemplated by any Finance Document or for the validity and enforceability of any Finance Document. 
 (b) The Original Financial Statements of each Obligor. 
 (c) Evidence that the fees, costs and expenses then due from the Borrower pursuant to Clause 12 Fees and Clause 17 Costs and expenses have been paid or will be paid by the first Utilisation Date. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 117 

Schedule 3 Utilisation Request 
 From StoneX Financial Ltd 
 To Barclays Bank PLC 
 Dated 
 Dear Sirs 
 StoneX Financial Ltd USD 115,000,000 Facility Agreement originally dated 14 October 2020 (the Agreement) 
 1 We refer to the Agreement. This is a Utilisation Request. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this Utilisation Request unless given a different meaning in this Utilisation Request. 
 2 We wish to borrow a Loan on the following terms 
 Proposed Utilisation Date 
 (or, if that is not a Business Day, the next Business Day) 
 Amount 
 or, if less, the Available Facility 
 Interest Period 

3 We confirm that each condition specified in Clause 4.2 Further conditions precedent of the Agreement is satisfied on the date of this Utilisation Request. 
 4 This Loan is to be made in whole part for the purpose of refinancing identify maturing Loan The proceeds of this Loan should be credited to account . 
 5 This Utilisation Request is irrevocable. 
 Yours faithfully 

authorised signatory for 
 StoneX Financial Ltd 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 118 

Schedule 4 Form of Transfer Certificate 
 To Barclays Bank PLC as Agent 
 From The Existing Lender (the Existing Lender and The New Lender (the New Lender 
 Dated 
 StoneX Financial Ltd USD 115,000,000 Facility Agreement originally dated 14 October 2020 (the Agreement) 
 1 We refer to the Agreement. This is a Transfer Certificate. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this Transfer Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Transfer Certificate. 
 2 We refer to Clause 24.6 Procedure for transfer of the Agreement 
 (a) The Existing Lender and the New Lender agree to the Existing Lender transferring to the New Lender by novation, and in accordance with Clause 24.6 Procedure for transfer of the Agreement, all of the Existing Lender's rights and obligations under the Agreement, the other Finance Documents which relate to that portion of the Existing Lender's Commitment and participations in Loans under the Agreement as specified in the Schedule. 
 (b) The proposed Transfer Date is . 
 (c) The Facility Office and address and attention details for notices of the New Lender for the purposes of Clause 32.2 Addresses of the Agreement are set out in the Schedule. 
 3 The New Lender expressly acknowledges the limitations on the Existing Lender's obligations set out in paragraph (c) of Clause 24.5 Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lenders of the Agreement. 
 4 The New Lender confirms, for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, that it is 
 (a) a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender) 
 (b) a Treaty Lender 
 (c) not a Qualifying Lender . 1 
 5 The New Lender confirms that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document is either 
 (a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 (b) a partnership each member of which is 
 (i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 
 1 Delete as applicable. Each New Lender is required to confirm which of these three categories it falls within. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 119 

(ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA or 
 (c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company. 2 
 6 The New Lender confirms that it holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number and is tax resident in 3 , so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax, and requests that the Borrower notify the Borrower that it wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement. 4 
 7 This Transfer Certificate may be executed in any number of counterparts and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Transfer Certificate. 
 8 This Transfer Certificate and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law. 
 9 This Transfer Certificate has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Transfer Certificate. 

2 Include if New Lender comes within paragraph (i)(B) of the definition of Qualifying Lender in Clause 13.1 Definitions 
 3 Insert jurisdiction of tax residence. 
 4 Include if New Lender holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 120 

The Schedule - Commitment rights and obligations to be transferred 
 insert relevant details 
 
 Facility Office address and attention details for notices and account details for payments 
 
 Existing Lender 
 New Lender 
 By 
 By 
 
 This Transfer Certificate is accepted by the Agent and the Transfer Date is confirmed as . 
 Agent 
 By 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 121 

Schedule 5 Form of Assignment Agreement 
 To Barclays Bank PLC as Agent and StoneX Financial Ltd as Borrower, for and on behalf of each Obligor 
 From the Existing Lender (the Existing Lender and the New Lender (the New Lender 
 Dated 
 StoneX Financial Ltd USD 115,000,000 Facility Agreement originally dated 14 October 2020 (the Agreement) 
 1 We refer to the Agreement. This is an Assignment Agreement. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this Assignment Agreement unless given a different meaning in this Assignment Agreement. 
 2 We refer to Clause 24.7 Procedure for assignment of the Agreement 
 (a) The Existing Lender assigns absolutely to the New Lender all the rights of the Existing Lender under the Agreement and the other Finance Documents which relate to that portion of the Existing Lender's Commitment and participations in Loans under the Agreement as specified in the Schedule. 
 (b) The Existing Lender is released from all the obligations of the Existing Lender which correspond to that portion of the Existing Lender's Commitment and participations in Loans under the Agreement specified in the Schedule. 
 (c) The New Lender becomes a Party as a Lender and is bound by obligations equivalent to those from which the Existing Lender is released under paragraph (b) above. 
 3 The proposed Transfer Date is . 
 4 On the Transfer Date the New Lender becomes Party to the Finance Documents as a Lender. 
 5 The Facility Office and address and attention details for notices of the New Lender for the purposes of Clause 32.2 Addresses of the Agreement are set out in the Schedule. 
 6 The New Lender expressly acknowledges the limitations on the Existing Lender's obligations set out in paragraph (c) of Clause 24.5 Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lenders of the Agreement. 
 7 The New Lender confirms, for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, that it is 
 (a) a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender) 
 (b) a Treaty Lender 
 (c) not a Qualifying Lender . 5 
 
 5 Delete as applicable. Each New Lender is required to confirm which of these three categories it falls within. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 122 

8 The New Lender confirms that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document is either 
 (a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 (b) a partnership each member of which is 
 (i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 (ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA or 
 (c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company. 6 
 9 The New Lender confirms that it holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number and is tax resident in 7 , so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax, and requests that the Borrower notify the Borrower that it wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement. 8 
 10 This Assignment Agreement acts as notice to the Agent (on behalf of each Finance Party) and, upon delivery in accordance with Clause 24.8 Copy of Transfer Certificate, Assignment Agreement or Increase Confirmation to Borrower of the Agreement, to the Borrower (on behalf of each Obligor) of the assignment referred to in this Assignment Agreement. 
 11 This Assignment Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Assignment Agreement. 
 12 This Assignment Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law. 
 13 This Assignment Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Assignment Agreement. 

6 Include only if New Lender is a UK Non-Bank Lender - i.e. falls within paragraph (a)(i)(B) of the definition of Qualifying Lender in Clause 13.1 Definitions ). 
 7 Insert jurisdiction of tax residence. 
 8 Include if New Lender holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 123 

The Schedule Rights to be assigned and obligations to be released and undertaken 
 insert relevant details 
 
 Facility Office address and attention details for notices and account details for payments 
 Existing Lender New Lender 
 By By 
 This Assignment Agreement is accepted by the Agent and the Transfer Date is confirmed as . 
 Signature of this Assignment Agreement by the Agent constitutes confirmation by the Agent of receipt of notice of the assignment referred to herein, which notice the Agent receives on behalf of each Finance Party. 
 Agent 
 By 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 124 

Schedule 6 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 To Barclays Bank PLC as Agent 
 From StoneX Financial Ltd 
 Dated 
 Dear Sirs 
 StoneX Financial Ltd USD 115,000,000 Facility Agreement originally dated 14 October 2020 (the Agreement) 
 1 We refer to the Agreement. This is a Compliance Certificate. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning when used in this Compliance Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate. 
 2 We confirm that Net Tangible Assets as at the last day of the most recent Relevant Period were . 
 3 We confirm that no Default is continuing. 9 
 Signed 
 .................. 
 .................. 
 
 Director 
 Director 
 
 of StoneX Financial Ltd 
 of StoneX Financial Ltd 

insert applicable certification language 10 
 .................. for and on behalf of StoneX Financial Ltd name of auditors of the Borrower 11 

If this statement cannot be made, the Compliance Certificate should identify any Default that is continuing and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. 
 To be agreed with the Borrower's auditors and the Lenders prior to signing the Agreement. 
 Only applicable if the Compliance Certificate accompanies the audited financial statements and is to be signed by the auditors. To be agreed with the Borrower's auditors prior to signing the Agreement. 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 125 

Schedule 7 Form of Extension Request 
 To Barclays Bank PLC as Agent 
 From StoneX Financial Ltd 
 Dated 
 Dear Sirs 
 StoneX Financial Ltd USD 115,000,000 Facility Agreement originally dated 14 October 2020 (the Agreement) 
 1 We refer to the Agreement. This is an Extension Request referred to in Clause 2.5 Extension Option ). 
 2 We request that the Termination Date is extended to the date falling 365 days after the date of the current Termination Date. 
 3 We confirm that the Repeating Representations are true in all material respects and that no Default is continuing or would be reasonably likely to result from the proposed extension. 
 4 This request is irrevocable. 
 
 StoneX Financial Ltd 
 By 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 126 

Schedule 8 Timetables 
 D refers to the relevant Utilisation Date. 
 Delivery of a duly completed Utilisation Request (Clause 5.1 Delivery of a Utilisation Request )) 
 Agent notifies each Lender of the amount of its participation in the Loan under Clause 5.4 Lenders' participation 
 
 D 11 00 a.m. 
 D 1 00 p.m. 

APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 127 

Schedule 9 Form of Increase Confirmation 
 To Barclays Bank PLC as Agent and StoneX Financial Ltd as Borrower, for and on behalf of the Parent 
 From the Increase Lender (the Increase Lender 
 Dated 
 Dear Sirs 
 StoneX Financial Ltd USD 115,000,000 Facility Agreement originally dated 14 October 2020 (the Agreemen t 
 1 We refer to the Agreement. This is an Increase Confirmation. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this Increase Confirmation unless given a different meaning in this Increase Confirmation. 
 2 We refer to Clause 2.2 Increase of the Agreement. 
 3 The Increase Lender agrees to assume and will assume all of the obligations corresponding to the Commitment specified in the Schedule (the Relevant Commitment as if it had been an Original Lender under the Agreement in respect of the Relevant Commitment. 
 4 The proposed date on which the increase in relation to the Increase Lender and the Relevant Commitment is to take effect (the Increase Date is . 
 5 On the Increase Date, the Increase Lender becomes party to the Finance Documents as a Lender. 
 6 The Facility Office and address and attention details for notices to the Increase Lender for the purposes of Clause 32.2 Addresses of the Agreement are set out in the Schedule. 
 7 The Increase Lender expressly acknowledges the limitations on the Lenders' obligations referred to in paragraph (i) of Clause 2.2 Increase of the Agreement. 
 8 The Increase Lender confirms, for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, that it is 
 (a) a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender) 
 (b) a Treaty Lender 
 (c) not a Qualifying Lender . 
 9 The Increase Lender confirms that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document is either 
 (a) a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes 
 (b) a partnership each member of which is 
 (i) a company so resident in the United Kingdom or 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 128 

(ii) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA or 
 (c) a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company. 
 10 The Increase Lender confirms that it holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number and is tax resident in , so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax, and notifies the Borrower that it wishes the scheme to apply to the Agreement. 
 11 This Increase Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Increase Confirmation. 
 12 This Increase Confirmation and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law. 
 13 This Increase Confirmation has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Increase Confirmation. 
 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 129 

The Schedule Relevant Commitment rights and obligations to be assumed by the Increase Lender 
 insert relevant details 
 Facility Office address and attention details for notices and account details for payments 
 Increase Lender 
 By 
 This Increase Confirmation is accepted by the Agent and the Increase Date is confirmed as . 
 Agent 
 
 By 

APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 130 

Schedule 10 Form of Accordion Option Notice 
 From StoneX Financial Ltd 
 To Barclays Bank PLC as Agent 
 Dated 
 Dear Sirs 
 StoneX Financial Ltd USD 115,000,000 Facility Agreement originally dated 14 October 2020 (the Agreement) 
 1 We refer to the Agreement. This is an Accordion Option Notice. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this Accordion Option Notice unless given a different meaning in this Accordion Option Notice. 
 2 We refer to Clause 2.6 Accordion option of the Agreement. 
 3 We request that the Total Commitments be increased by on and from (the Additional Commitment ). 
 4 We confirm that the Additional Commitment will be provided by . 
 5 We confirm that, on the date of this notice, the Repeating Representations are true in all material respects and no Default is continuing or would result from the increase in Commitments. 
 6 English law governs this Accordion Option Notice and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it. 
 Yours faithfully 
 
 authorised signatory for 
 StoneX Financial Ltd 
 
 We hereby acknowledge and agree to the above 
 
 Accordion Lender 
 By ________________________ 
 
 Agent 
 By ________________________ 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 131 

SIGNATURE PAGES INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 
 APJ 076001.00588 98366820.7Page 132 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-19.1>
 7
 snex191insidertradingpolic.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

StoneX Group Inc. 
 Insider Trading Policy 

Applies to 
 StoneX Group Inc. and its Subsidiaries 

Contents 1. Background.......................................................................................................................... 
 1 2. Policy Statement on Insider Trading..................................................................................... 
 1 2.1 Policy Statement ................................................................................................... 
 1 
 2.2 What is Material Information ................................................................................ 
 2 2.3 What is Non-Public Information ............................................................................ 
 2 2.4 Penalties for Insider Trading.................................................................................... 
 3 2.5 Gifts......................................................................................................................... 
 3 2.6 Trading in the Securities of other Public Companies............................................... 
 3 3. Procedures to Implement the Policy Against Insider Trading............................................... 
 4 3.1 Identifying Inside Information................................................................................. 
 4 3.2 Restricting Access to Material Non-Public Information........................................... 
 4 4. Procedures Regarding Trading of Shares of StoneX Group Inc............................................. 
 4 4.1 Communications to Stockholders or Others in the Investing Public Who Are Not Insiders.......................................................................................................................... 
 
 5 
 4.2 Individual Responsibility Regarding Insider Trading................................................ 
 5 4.3 Blackout Restricted Period...................................................................................... 
 5 4.4 Short-Swing Profit Recapture.................................................................................. 
 6 4.5 Prohibition on Short Sales ....................................................................................... 
 7 4.6 Rule 10b5-1 Exception............................................................................................. 
 7 4.7 Trading in Options................................................................................................... 
 8 4.8 Pre-Clearance of Trades by Directors and Certain Officers .. 9 5. Supervisory Procedures........................................................................................................ 
 10 5.1 Prevention of Insider Trading................................................................................... 
 10 
 5.2 Reporting of Policy Violations.................................................................................. 
 10 
 5.3 Reports from Non-U.S. Locations............................................................................. 
 11 
 5.4 Report to the Audit Committee of StoneX Board of Directors................................. 
 11 
 Certification and Acknowledgement....................................................................................... 
 12 Exhibit A Pre-Clearance Form for use by Directors and Certain Officers............................... 
 13 

1. Background 
 
 This Insider Trading Policy (the Policy provides guidelines with respect to transactions in the securities of StoneX Group Inc. (the Company and the handling of confidential information about the Company and the companies with which the Company engages in transactions or does business. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted this Policy to promote compliance with U.S. federal, state and foreign securities laws that prohibit certain persons who are aware of material nonpublic information about a company from (i) engaging in transactions in the securities of that company or (ii) providing material nonpublic information to other persons who may trade on the basis of that information. 
 
 2. Policy Statement on Insider Trading 
 
 2.1 Policy Statement 
 
 StoneX forbids any officer, director, or employee from (a) trading, either personally or on behalf of others, on the basis of material non-public information and (b) communicating material non-public information to others in violation of applicable law. This conduct is frequently referred to as insider trading . StoneX s policy applies to every officer, director, employee and their family members. Every officer, director and employee must read and retain this Policy. For purposes of this Policy, family members include those family members who live in the same household with you and those whose transactions in securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence and control. Any questions regarding this Policy should be referred to StoneX s Corporate Secretary. 
 
 The term insider trading is not defined in the federal securities laws, but generally is used to refer to (a) the use of material non-public information to trade in securities (whether or not one is an insider or (b) the communication of material non-public information to others. 
 
 While the law concerning insider trading is continually changing, it is generally understood that the law prohibits 
 Trading by an insider while in possession of material non-public information 
 Trading by a non-insider, while in possession of material non-public information, where the information either was disclosed to the non-insider in violation of an insider s duty to keep it confidential or was misappropriated 
 Communicating material non-public information to persons within the Company whose jobs do not require them to have that information, or outside of the Company to other persons, including, but not limited to, family, friends, business associates, investors and expert consulting firms, unless any such disclosure is made in accordance with the Company s policies regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure of information regarding the Company and 
 1 

Assisting anyone engaged in the above activities. 
 The elements of insider trading and the penalties for such unlawful conduct are discussed below. 
 
 2.2 What is Material Information 
 
 There is no bright-line test as to what constitutes material information, and the SEC staff has rejected the use of quantitative tests (e.g., 5 of revenue, earnings or assets) as the sole determinant of materiality. 
 
 Material information is generally defined as information for which there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making his or her investment decisions, or information that is reasonably certain to have a substantial effect on the price of a company's securities. While it is not possible to identify all information that would be deemed material, the following information ordinarily would be considered material 
 Financial performance, especially quarterly and year-end operating results, and significant changes in financial performance or liquidity. 
 Projections of future earnings or losses, or other earnings guidance, and any changes to previously announced earnings guidance. 
 Potential mergers or acquisitions, the sale of Company assets or subsidiaries or major partnering agreements. 
 New major contracts, suppliers, or finance sources or the loss thereof. 
 Changes in regulations affecting the Company s operations. 
 Significant pricing changes on key products services. 
 Development or release of a significant new product or service. 
 Stock splits, public or private securities debt offerings, changes in Company dividend policies or amounts, or other significant changes in the Company s capital structure or distribution policies. 
 Significant changes in senior management or membership of the Board. 
 Significant labor disputes or negotiations. 
 Actual or threatened major litigation, or the resolution of such litigation. 
 
 2.3 What is Non-Public Information 
 
 Information is non-public until it has been widely disseminated to the general public through a report filed with the SEC or through major newswire services, national news services or financial news services. Once information is widely disseminated, it is still necessary to provide the investing public with sufficient time to absorb the information. For purposes of this Policy, information will be considered public after the close of trading on the first full trading day following the Company s widespread public release of the information. 

2 

2.4 Penalties for Insider Trading 
 
 Penalties for trading on or communicating material non-public information in violation of this Policy are severe, both for the individuals involved and their employers. Persons violating insider trading or tipping rules may be required to disgorge profit made or loss avoided, pay civil penalties up to three times the profit made or loss avoided, face private action for damages, as well as be subject to criminal penalties, including up to 20 years in prison and fines of up to 5 million. The Company and or the supervisors of the person violating the rules may also be required to pay major civil or criminal penalties. 
 In addition, any violation of this Policy can be expected to result in serious sanctions by StoneX, including dismissal of the persons involved. 
 
 Remember, it is not a violation to possess inside information. It is a violation to act on it or pass it to someone else. 
 
 2.5 Gifts 
 
 Gifts of stock are considered trading for the purposes of this Policy and are subject to the requirements set forth in this Policy. The SEC s position is that the donor of a gift violates the law if such donor gifts a security while aware of material non-public information and was knew or recklessly did not know that the recipient of such gift would sell the security before such information was publicly disclosed. 
 
 2.6 Trading in the Securities of other Public Companies 
 
 In addition to trading in the securities of StoneX, this Policy also applies to the securities of other publicly traded companies when a director, officer or employee of StoneX is trading the securities of such other company on the basis of material non-public information learned about such company in the scope of employment by StoneX. 
 
 In recent years, the SEC has successfully argued in court that it is a violation of federal securities laws to trade in the securities of another publicly based on material non-public information received in the scope of employment by one s employer. For example, in August 2021 the SEC brought charges against an executive who purchased the shares of a company that competes with his employee when he knew that his employer was being acquired and such acquisition was likely to increase the stock price of such competitor. 
 
 You may learn of material non-public information about other companies in the course of your employment, such as StoneX s vendors, customers or competitors. Directors, officers and employees of StoneX must refrain from using such information to trade the securities of other public companies or sharing such information with others who may intend to make such trades. 

3 

3. Procedures to Implement the Policy Against Insider Trading 
 
 The following procedures have been established to aid the officers, directors and employees of StoneX in avoiding insider trading, and to aid the Company in preventing, detecting, and imposing sanctions against insider trading. Every officer, director, and employee of the Company must follow these procedures or risk serious liability. If you have any questions about these procedures, you should consult the Corporate Secretary. 
 
 3.1 Identifying Inside Information 
 
 Before trading for yourself or others in the securities of a company about which you have potential inside information, ask yourself the following questions 
 Is the information material Is this information that an investor would consider important in making an investment decision Is this information that could change his or her investment decision Is this information that would substantially affect the market price of the security 
 Is the information non-public To whom has this information been provided Has it been communicated by broadcast or printed publication 
 If, after consideration of the above, you believe that the information is material and non-public 
 Do not purchase or sell the securities on behalf of yourself or others. 
 Do not communicate the information inside or outside of any StoneX company except as necessary within the scope of your employment, including refraining from making any trading recommendations to others regarding StoneX or its competitors, vendors, customers or other companies relating to such information. 
 3.2 Restricting Access to Material Non-Public Information 
 
 Information in your possession that you identify as material and non-public may not be communicated to anyone, including persons within StoneX companies, except as identified above. In addition, care should be taken that such information is secure. For example, files containing inside information should be locked and access to computer files should be restricted. 
 
 4. Procedures Regarding Trading of Shares of StoneX Group Inc. 
 
 There are additional considerations for individuals who are employed by or are a director of companies which are publicly owned and traded. The SEC, in its attempt to assure a fair and open market for members of the investing public, has promulgated a number of regulations which particularly affect directors, officers and employees of publicly traded companies. It is essential for the Company to adopt internal procedures relating to these requirements. 
 
 4 

4.1 Communications to Stockholders or Others in the Investing Public Who Are Not Insiders 
 
 The Company is required to file quarterly reports with the SEC which include financial data from the previous quarter. Until this information is filed with the SEC it is inside information which may not be disclosed and the Company should be certain that there are no leaks or inadvertent disclosures when release of this information is inappropriate. The Company is required to file an annual report on Form 10-K within 75 days after each fiscal year-end. Until such report is filed, much of the information contained therein may be considered inside information and should not be released without due consideration. 
 
 The Company has an obligation to file specific reports with the SEC on form 8-K for material events that occur outside quarterly reporting dates. Until this information is filed with the SEC it is inside information which may not be disclosed. Until such report is filed, the information contained therein may be considered inside information and should not be disclosed without due consideration. 
 
 The SEC has instituted Regulation FD -- fair disclosure. This regulation prohibits a publicly traded company from giving information to a select individual or individuals without disclosing the same information to the trading public at the same time. Failure to rectify inadvertent or intentional disclosure can result in penalties to the Company. 
 
 4.2 Individual Responsibility Regarding Insider Trading 
 
 No individual, regardless of his or her position with the Company, shall purchase, sell or gift the Company s stock while in possession of material information which is not yet publicly disseminated. This prohibition applies to anyone in the Company at any level, and even to persons not employed by the Company if they have access by any means to material non-public information about the Company. Thus, inside information may not be disclosed to friends, relatives or others even though the insider does not share in the profits realized by another. 
 
 4.3 Blackout Restricted Period 
 
 As part of its procedures to prohibit insider trading, the Company will employ a Blackout Restricted Period for each fiscal quarter. In addition to these regularly scheduled closed window periods, the Company may impose a special blackout period at its discretion due to the existence of material non-public information. A restricted notice will be distributed to all directors, corporate officers and employees of StoneX Group Inc. advising them that during the time period announced no transactions are permitted by them and their family members to buy or sell the Company s securities. 
 
 Directors, officers and other employees who have access to material information will be restricted from trading approximately two weeks prior to quarter end until the third day following the earnings announcement. Other staff will be restricted from trading from the time 
 5 

of the earnings announcement until the third day following the announcement. Other occurrences or events may require longer periods of restriction. 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, the Company considers that the exercise of stock options for cash or through the delivery of existing shares (i.e., a share swap) under the Company's stock option plan and the purchase of pre-elected shares pursuant to the Company's 401-K Plan (but not the sale of any shares issued upon such option exercise or directed sale within the 401-K Plan) are exempt from this Policy. Employees are not permitted to make an initial election, change an election or reallocate funds to purchase the Company s common stock within the Company s 401-K Plan during a restricted period. 
 
 Internal penalties for trading during the restricted period shall include 
 Disgorgement of profits 
 Disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 
 4.4 Short-Swing Profit Recapture 
 
 There are special provisions within Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which apply to every director, officer and beneficial owner of 10 or more of the outstanding securities of the Company. Any profit realized on a purchase and sale of stock within a six-month period is recoverable by the Company. For this provision, it does not matter whether the purchase or sale occurs first. The profit must be given up to the Company regardless of whether such person actually was in possession of material non-public information. 
 
 Profit realized for the purposes of Section 16 is calculated generally to provide maximum recovery by the Company. The measure of damages is the profit computed from any purchase and sale or any sale and purchase within the six-month period, without regard to any setoffs for losses, any first-in or first-out rules, or the identity of the shares of common stock. This approach sometimes has been called the lowest price in, highest price out rule. 
 
 Additionally, the transactions covered include any non-exempt transactions in the Company's shares that are beneficially owned by the Section 16 insider. This includes transactions by family members or entities in which the insider is a controlling member. For example, if a Section 16 insider sells 1,000 shares of Company stock at 10 a share and the insider's spouse later within the six-month period purchases 1,000 shares at 5 per share, these two transactions could be matched for short-swing profit recovery. The Company should recover the difference of 5 per share, or 5,000. 
 
 If the Company fails to uncover short-swing profit or does not require the insider to repay the profit, then a stockholder may bring the transactions to the attention of the Company. In most cases, that stockholder is entitled to an attorney's fee , which is taken from any profits recovered by the Company. This fee is negotiated in a private settlement, and could be a significant amount of money. Because of this, there are attorneys who monitor insider transactions hoping to find short-swing transactions that resulted in a calculated profit. 
 6 

Further, good faith on part of the stockholder is no defense and the liability ultimately rests with the Section 16 insider. These provisions require advance planning on the part of the individuals involved. If you have any doubts, please seek advice prior to the purchase or sale of any Company stock. Your contact within the Company is the Corporate Secretary. 
 
 4.5 Prohibition on Short Sales 
 
 Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act prohibits the Company s directors, officers, and 10 stockholders from making short sales of any security of the Company. A short sale is purely a trading activity and is presumed to have such an inherent potential for speculative abuse by an insider as to require absolute prohibition. 
 
 4.6 Rule 10b5-1 Exception 
 
 Officers, directors or employees who have established a trading arrangement that complies with the requirements of SEC Rule 10b5-1 (a 10b5-1 Plan to sell the stock of StoneX on a systematic and orderly disposition plan are excepted from the portion of this Policy and its procedures which would otherwise prohibit such a trading arrangement. 10b5-1 Plans may only be adopted during an open window period when the insider does not possess material non-public information. The Corporate Secretary or Chief Governance and Legal Officer of StoneX must approve such a trading arrangement in writing, and such a trading arrangement must meet the following requirements 
 i. it has been reviewed and approved by the Corporate Secretary or Chief Governance and Legal Officer of StoneX a reasonable amount of time in advance of being entered into (or, if revised or amended, such proposed revisions or amendments have been reviewed and approved by the Corporate Secretary or Chief Governance and Legal Officer of StoneX a reasonable amount of time in advance of being entered into) 
 ii. it provides that no trades may occur thereunder until expiration of the applicable cooling-off period specified in Rule 10b5-1(c)(ii)(B), and no trades occur thereunder until after that time. The appropriate cooling-off period will vary based on the status of the insider. For directors and officers, the cooling-off period ends on the later of (x) ninety days after adoption or certain modifications of the 10b5-1 plan or (y) two business days following disclosure of the Company's financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the quarter in which the 10b5-1 Plan was adopted. For all other insiders, the cooling-off period ends 30 days after adoption or modification of the 10b5-1 Plan. This required cooling-off period will apply to the entry into a new 10b5-1 Plan and any revision or modification of a 10b5-1 Plan 
 iii. it is entered into in good faith by the insider, and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1, at a time when the insider is not in possession of material non-public information about the Company and, if the insider is a director or 
 7 

officer, the 10b5-1 Plan must include representations by the insider certifying to that effect 
 iv. it gives a third party the discretionary authority to execute such purchases and sales, outside the control of the insider, so long as such third party does not possess any material non-public information about the Company or explicitly specifies the security or securities to be purchased or sold, the number of shares, the prices and or dates of transactions, or other formula(s) describing such transactions and 
 v. it is the only outstanding approved 10b5-1 Plan entered into by the insider, subject to the following exceptions 
 a. the insider has two separate Rule 10b5-1 Plans if trading under the later-commencing plan is not authorized to begin until after all trades under the earlier commencing plan are completed or expire without execution, or 
 b. the insider has two separate Rule 10b5-1 Plans and one plan authorizes an agent to sell only enough securities as are necessary to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising exclusively from the vesting of a compensatory award (e.g. restricted stock units) sell-to-cover Rule 10b5-1 Plans), provided that the award holder is not permitted to exercise control over the timing of such sales. 
 If you are considering entering into, modifying or terminating an approved 10b5-1 Plan or have any questions regarding approved Rule 10b5-1 Plans, please contact the Corporate Secretary or Chief Governance and Legal Officer of StoneX. You should consult your own legal and tax advisors before entering into, modifying or terminating an approved 10b5-1 Plan. A trading plan, contract, instruction or arrangement will not qualify as an approved 10b5-1 Plan without the prior review and approval of the Corporate Secretary or Chief Governance and Legal Officer of StoneX as described above. 
 
 4.7 Trading in Options 
 
 Options in StoneX s stock are traded on NASDAQ. The only options transactions permitted are 
 the sale of a covered call option 
 the sale of a put option and 
 the purchase of call options within a Rule 10b5-1 Plan. 
 Options transactions may only be initiated outside a restricted period. 
 
 Stock may be delivered or received in settlement of an option exercise during a restricted period. 

8 

4.8 Pre-Clearance of Trades by Directors and Certain Officers 
 
 All executive officers subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act executive officers ), each member of the Company s Board of Directors, and certain other employees who may be notified from time to time by the Company s Corporate Secretary that they are Financial Insiders (each of the foregoing is referred to as a Financial Insider who is not in possession of material non-public information and who wishes to engage in any transaction involving the Company s securities (including any stock purchase, stock sale, gift, loan, pledge, hedge, contribution to a trust, or any other transfer or acquisition), must first obtain pre-approval of the transaction from the Company s Corporate Secretary or his her designee, including for transactions effected outside of blackout periods. A request for pre-approval should be submitted by email to the Company s Corporate Secretary, at least two (2) business days in advance of the proposed transaction. A form pre-clearance request is attached as Exhibit A to this Policy. Pre-clearance requests may be made on-behalf of a Financial Insider by an agent of the Financial Insider, provided the Financial Insider confirms in writing the agency. The Corporate Secretary or his her designee will then determine whether the transaction may proceed and will promptly notify the Financial Insider of this determination. When making a pre-approval request, the Financial Insider needs to be certain to include information as to how best to be reached. 
 
 Approval for a Financial Insider s proposed transaction may be withheld by the Corporate Secretary or his her designee in his her discretion, if 
 the Financial Insider may have possession of material non-public information 
 a trading blackout period is in effect 
 the transaction does not comply with Rule 144 or other legal or regulatory requirements 
 the transaction could result in adverse publicity or have a material adverse impact on trading in the Company s securities 
 for persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act 
 the transaction could result in liability to the Financial Insider under the short-swing rules of Section 16(b) 
 sufficient advance notice had not been given to allow preparation and review of a Form 4 or 
 other relevant considerations. 

9 

5. Supervisory Procedures 
 
 The role of the supervisor is critical to the implementation and maintenance of this Policy. Procedures can be divided into two classifications, prevention of insider trading and detection of insider trading. 
 
 5.1 Prevention of Insider Trading 
 
 To prevent insider trading, StoneX will 
 Provide continuing education programs concerning insider trading. 
 o Every officer, director and employee of StoneX must annually read this Policy and acknowledge in writing that he or she has done so. 
 Answer questions regarding this Policy. 
 Resolve issues of whether information received by an officer, director or employee of StoneX is material and non-public. 
 Review and update this Policy on a continuing basis. 
 When it has been determined that an officer, director, or employee of StoneX has material non-public information, 
 o Implement measures to prevent dissemination of such information, and 
 o If necessary, restrict officers, directors and employees from trading the securities. 
 Restrict access to files most likely to contain inside information, including those held by 
 o StoneX corporate offices 
 o Accounting Department 
 o Trading Departments 
 5.2 Reporting of Policy Violations 
 
 Any person who violates this Policy must report the violation immediately to the appropriate point of contact 
 
 If you are an employee of StoneX in the US, report the matter immediately to the Corporate Secretary. 
 10 

If you are an employee of StoneX outside the US, report the matter immediately to the compliance officer or the managing director at your location. 
 5.3 Reports from Non-U.S. Locations 
 
 The compliance officer at each non-U.S. location will confirm annually to the Corporate Secretary that no violation of this Policy has been detected or that any such violation was reported at the time of the detection. 
 
 5.4 Report to the Audit Committee of StoneX Board of Directors 
 
 Upon learning of a known or potential violation of this Policy, the Corporate Secretary will report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors providing full details and a recommendation for further action. 
 11 

Certification and Acknowledgement 
 
 By signing below, I hereby certify that 
 
 I have read and understand the StoneX Group Inc. Insider Trading Policy. I agree to conduct my future activities in compliance with insider trading laws and the Company s policies and procedures relating thereto. 
 
 In the last twelve months, I have not effected securities transactions which were based on inside information, nor have I improperly transmitted, or otherwise misused, inside information in my possession, nor have I consummated any transactions in the Company stock during a restricted period and failed to disclose said transactions to the Corporate Secretary. I further acknowledge that StoneX Group Inc. will impose penalties for violations of this Policy, as detailed in section 4.3 of the Policy. 
 
 __________________________________________ _____________________ 
 Signature Date 
 
 _________________________________________ 
 Print Name 
 12 

Exhibit A 
 Pre-Clearance Form for use by Directors and Certain Officers 
 
 PRE-CLEARANCE OF TRADING IN STONEX GROUP INC. SECURITIES 
 NAME 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED 
 TRANSACTION 

(Open Market Purchase or Sale, Gift, Transfer to a Trust, Changes in Ownership, Transactions in Employee Benefit Plans, etc.) 
 NUMBER OF SHARES TO BE 
 PURCHASED SOLD 
 
 HOW SHARES TO BE DISPOSED OF 
 OR ACQUIRED ARE TITLED 
 
 IF A DISPOSITION, THE DATE 
 YOU ORIGINALLY ACQUIRED 
 THE SHARES 
 
 ANY TRANSACTIONS IN LAST 
 SIX MONTHS 
 
 WHERE YOU MAY BE REACHED IN THE NEXT FEW DAYS TO ASK QUESTIONS OR OBTAIN YOUR SIGNATURE 
 Email Address 
 Telephone 
 Submitted this day of , ____. 
 
 Signature 

Approved this day of , 20 by . 

13 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 snex2024exh211q4roll.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Name Place of Incorporation Estate Insurance Services, Ltd Massachusetts, U.S. FCC Futures, Inc. Iowa, U.S. FCStone Group, Inc. Delaware, U.S. FCStone Paraguay S.R.L. Paraguay GAIN Capital Europe GmbH Germany GAIN Capital Forex.com Canada, Ltd. Canada GAIN Capital Forex.com Hong Kong, Ltd. Hong Kong GAIN Capital Forex.com International BV The Netherlands GAIN Capital Group, LLC Delaware, U.S. GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. Delaware, U.S. GAIN Capital Holdings International, B.V. The Netherlands GAIN Capital Holdings International, LLC Delaware, U.S. GAIN Capital Holdings Ltd. England and Wales GAIN Capital Technology Consulting Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong GAIN Capital UK Limited England and Wales GAIN Colombia SAS Colombia GAIN Global Markets Bermuda, Ltd. Bermuda GAIN Global Markets International, B.V. The Netherlands GAIN Global Markets, Inc. Cayman Islands GAIN Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S. GCAM, LLC Delaware Global Futures & Forex, Ltd. Michigan, U.S. Incomm S.A.S. Colombia INTL FCStone de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Island Traders (Cayman), Limited Cayman Islands Jing Tao Business Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Lakecot S.A. Switzerland MW FX Ltd Cyprus PagneX Institui o de Pagamentos Ltda. Brazil S.L. Bruce Financial Corporation Ohio, U.S. SNEX Technology Services Private Limited India StoneX Advisors Inc. Delaware, U.S. StoneX Agency Services Limited Nigeria StoneX APAC Pte. Ltd. Singapore StoneX Asset Management S.A. Argentina StoneX Banco de Cambio S.A. Brazil StoneX Bermuda Limited Bermuda StoneX Bullion GmbH Germany StoneX Capital S.A. Argentina StoneX Colombia S.A. SEDPE Colombia StoneX Com rcio e Exporta o de Commodities Ltda. Brazil StoneX Commodities DMCC Dubai, United Arab Emirates StoneX Commodities S.A. Argentina StoneX Commodity Solutions LLC Delaware, U.S. StoneX Consultoria em FC Ltda. Brazil StoneX Credit Trading Inc. Delaware, U.S. StoneX Digital International Limited Ireland StoneX Digital LLC Florida, U.S. StoneX DTVM Ltda. Brazil StoneX Europe Ltd Cyprus StoneX Financial (Canada) Inc. British Columbia, Canada StoneX Financial Europe GmbH Germany StoneX Financial Europe S.A. Luxembourg StoneX Financial GmbH Germany 

Exhibit 21 (continued) Name Place of Incorporation StoneX Financial (HK) Ltd. Hong Kong StoneX Financial Inc. Florida, U.S. StoneX Financial Ltd United Kingdom StoneX Financial Nigeria Limited Nigeria StoneX Financial Pte. Ltd. Singapore StoneX Financial Pty Ltd Australia StoneX Investimentos Ltda. Brazil StoneX Markets LLC Iowa, U.S. StoneX Metals Limited England and Wales StoneX (Netherlands) B.V. The Netherlands StoneX Outsourced Services LLC Delaware, U.S. StoneX Pagos S.A.U. Argentina StoneX Participacoes Ltda. Brazil StoneX Payments Inc. Florida, U.S. StoneX Payment Services Ltd. Washington, U.S. StoneX Poland sp z.o.o. Poland StoneX Precious Metals LLC Delaware, U.S. StoneX Securities Co., Ltd. Japan StoneX Securities Inc. Delaware, U.S. StoneX Securities S.A. Argentina StoneX (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd China StoneX Switzerland SA Switzerland StoneX Technology Services LLC Delaware, U.S. Trust Advisory Group, Ltd Massachusetts, U.S. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 snex2024exh231q4roll.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333 117544, 333-137992, 333-144719, 333-152461, 333-186704, 333-209912, and 333-231301 on Form S-3 and Nos. 333-108332, 333-142262, 333-196413, 333-197773, 333-216538, 333-229807, and 333-275357 on Form S-8) of our reports dated November 27, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of StoneX Group Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 November 27, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 snex2024exh311q4roll.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sean M. O Connor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of StoneX Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 27, 2024 

s SEAN M. O CONNOR Sean M. O Connor Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 snex2024exh312q4roll.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, William J. Dunaway certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of StoneX Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 27, 2024 

s WILLIAM J. DUNAWAY William J. Dunaway Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 snex2024exh321q4roll.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of StoneX Group Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Sean M. O Connor, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 27, 2024 
 
 s SEAN M. O CONNOR Sean M. O Connor Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to StoneX Group Inc. and will be retained by StoneX Group Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 snex2024exh322q4roll.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of StoneX Group Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, William J. Dunaway, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 27, 2024 
 
 s WILLIAM J. DUNAWAY William J. Dunaway Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to StoneX Group Inc. and will be retained by StoneX Group Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 14
 snex971compensationrecover.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

STONEX GROUP INC. 
 ACCOUNTING RESTATEMENT COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 This StoneX Group Inc. Accounting Restatement Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy has been adopted by the Board of Directors (the Board of StoneX Group Inc. (the Company on November 30, 2023 (the Effective Date ). This Policy provides for the recovery of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under U.S. federal securities laws in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. This Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in accordance with Section 5608 of the Nasdaq Stock Market Listing Rules (the Nasdaq Rules ). 
 Section 1. Definitions 
 A. Accounting Restatement means a restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws that is required in order to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements or an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 B. Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 C. Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 D. Covered Executive means any current or former officer of the Company (as defined under Rule 16a- 1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 E. Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation is received by a Covered Executive during the fiscal period in which the Financial Reporting Measure applicable to such Incentive-Based Compensation (or portion thereof) is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive-Based Compensation is made thereafter. 
 F. Financial Reporting Measure means any measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall, for purposes of this Policy, be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 G. Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation (whether paid in cash or equity) granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure, including, for the avoidance of doubt, all performance-based awards under the StoneX Group Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (as may be amended from time to time and any successor plan thereto). 
 H. Nasdaq means the NASDAQ Global Select Market, or any successor thereof. 

Section 2. Mandatory Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 A. In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company shall reasonably promptly recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement in accordance with Nasdaq Rules and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as follows 
 a. After an Accounting Restatement, the Committee shall determine (on a pre-tax basis) the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by each Covered Executive and shall promptly notify each Covered Executive with a written notice containing the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for recovery of such compensation. 
 i. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on (or derived from) the Company s stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement 
 1. The amount to be repaid or returned shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received and 
 2. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and provide the relevant documentation as required to Nasdaq. 
 b. The Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on the particular facts and circumstances, including, without limitation, by (i) requiring reimbursement of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation previously paid in cash (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity or equity-based awards (iii) offsetting the Erroneously Awarded Compensation amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company or any of its affiliates to the Covered Executive (iv) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity or equity-based awards and or (v) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth in Section 2B below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less that the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of a Covered Executive s obligations hereunder provided that, to the extent necessary to avoid any adverse tax consequences to the Covered Executive pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, any offsets against amounts under any nonqualified deferred compensation plans (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) shall be made in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 c. To the extent the Covered Executive has already reimbursed the Company for any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations established by the Company or applicable law, it shall be appropriate for any 
 2 

such reimbursed amount to be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this Policy. 
 d. To the extent that a Covered Executive fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due, the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable Covered Executive. The applicable Covered Executive shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 B. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions contemplated by Section 2A above if the Committee (or a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board if the Committee is not composed entirely of independent directors) determines that recovery would be impracticable and either of the following two conditions are met 
 a. The Committee has determined that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before determining that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such attempts(s) and provide such documentation to Nasdaq or 
 b. Recovery of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
 Section 3. Administration and Interpretation 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding upon the Company and the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, executors, administrators and any other legal representative. The Committee shall have full power and authority to (i) administer and interpret this Policy (ii) correct any defect, supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in this Policy and (iii) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this Policy and to comply with applicable law (including Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and applicable stock market or exchange rules and regulations. 
 Section 4. Indemnification 
 The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive, directly or indirectly, for any losses that such Covered Executive may incur in connection with the recovery of any compensation as set forth in this Policy, including through the payment of insurance premiums or gross-up payments. 
 Section 5. Other Company Policies and Applicable Law 
 Any applicable employment agreement, award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of any compensation covered by this Policy shall be deemed to include the 
 3 

restrictions imposed herein and incorporate this Policy by reference and, in the event of any inconsistency, the terms of this Policy will govern. No action described above in Section 2A constitutes a proceeding under the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws unless and until such Bylaws are amended to reference this Policy explicitly and provide to the contrary. Any recovery, recoupment or forfeiture of Incentive-Based Compensation under this Policy shall be in addition to any other remedies that may be available to the Company, the Board or the Committee under the StoneX Group Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (or any award thereunder), the Company s Clawback Policy, the Company s annual cash-based incentive plan or program or any other Company plan, policy or arrangement, as well as applicable law or stock market or exchange rules or regulations. To the extent that any applicable law or stock market or exchange rules or regulations permit or require recovery of compensation in circumstances in addition to those specified herein, nothing in this Policy will be deemed to limit or restrict the right or obligation of the Company to recover such compensation to the fullest extent permitted or required by such law, rules or regulations. 
 Section 6. Amendment and Termination 
 This Policy may be amended or terminated by the Committee at any time, subject to approval by the Committee. This Policy will be reviewed and modified if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable law, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 Section 7. Enforceability 
 A. This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 B. The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Policy, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of New York, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New York, New York, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of New York. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Covered Executives, their beneficiaries, executors, administrators, and any other legal representative, and the Company, shall waive (and shall hereby be deemed to have waived) the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury. 
 C. If any provision of this Policy is determined to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law. 
 
 4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 intl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 intl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 intl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 intl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 intl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

