<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241231_10-K_edgar_data_1683252_0001477932-24-008431.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3262022</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>79395</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>572913</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>892115</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>559326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1063468</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-008431.hdr.sgml : 20241231
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241231165307
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-008431
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241231
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241231

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TOKEN COMMUNITIES LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001683252
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				813709511
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55688
		FILM NUMBER:		241593544

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 TIDEWATER SHORE LOOP
		STREET 2:		SUITE 402
		CITY:			BRADENTON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34208
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2025365191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		850 TIDEWATER SHORE LOOP
		STREET 2:		SUITE 402
		CITY:			BRADENTON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pacific Media Group Enterprises, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160829

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-008431.txt : 20241231

10-K
 1
 tkcm_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

tkcm_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM Mark One ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Issuer s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: COMMON STOCK, 0.0001 (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . As of December 22, 2024, the Company had outstanding shares of its common stock, par value 0.0001. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933 that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements convey our current expectations or forecasts of future events. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, plans and objectives of management for future operations. The words may, continue, estimate, intend, plan, will, believe, project, expect, seek, anticipate, should, could, would, potential, or the negative of those terms and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. All of these forward-looking statements are based on information available to us at this time, and we assume no obligation to update any of these statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those identified in Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere. We urge you to review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report, and those detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that attempt to advise you of the risks and factors that may affect our future results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, among others, our ability to make good decisions about the deployment of capital, our substantial capital requirements and absence of liquidity, competition, our inability to obtain maximum value for our holdings, our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, our ability to execute our strategy, market valuations in sectors in which we operate, our need to manage our assets, and risks associated with our assets and their performance, including the fact that most have a limited history and a history of operating losses, face intense competition and may never be profitable, the effect of economic conditions in the business sectors in which we operate, compliance with government regulation and legal liabilities. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to predict or control. In addition, as a result of these and other factors, our past financial performance should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. All forward-looking statements attributable to us, or to persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report might not occur. JOBS Act We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act). As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. Pursuant to these provisions: we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); we have (i) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (ii) exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation, including golden parachute compensation. to include less extensive narrative disclosure than required of other reporting companies, particularly in the description of executive compensation to provide audited financial statements for two fiscal years, in contrast to other reporting companies, which must provide audited financial statements for three fiscal years to defer complying with certain changes in accounting standards, and to use test-the-waters communications with qualified institutional buyers and institutional accredited investors. We may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years or until such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest to occur of (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of public float (3) the issuance, in any three-year period, by us of more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and (4) the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can use the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This permits an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the exemptions discussed above. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies. 2 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 6 Item 1C Cybersecurity 6 Item 2. Properties. 6 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 6 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 6 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 7 Item 6. [Reserved] 7 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 8 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 10 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 11 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 12 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 12 Item 9B. Other Information. 13 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 13 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 14 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 17 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 18 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 19 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 19 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 21 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 21 Signatures 23 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview Up to the end of calendar 2023, Token Communities, Ltd. (hereinafter the Company , Our , We or Us researched and created white paper analysis for companies regarding block chain technology, and also operated the Lukki Exchange, until its sale in April 2023. Unfortunately, China banned foreign crypto currency operations such as these and we began, at the end of 2023, to research developing, naturopathic supplements to diversify the operations of the Company. At the time we formed a research and development team. This team developed six products as wellness supplements with a company located in Xi-An, China. This led the Company to acquire Elements of Health and Wellness, Inc. Elements in January 2023. In May 2024 we entered into the real estate development field with the acquisition of ASC Global Inc. Background The Company was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2014, under the name Pacific Media Group Enterprises, Inc. On April 7, 2017, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of Delaware, changing its name to Extract Pharmaceuticals Inc. On January 26, 2018, the Board of Directors adopted an Amendment to its Articles, changing its name to Token Communities Ltd. The Company researched and created white paper analysis for companies regarding block chain technology, and also operated the Lukki Exchange, including all client lists, intellectual property related to the brand Lukki . On February 26, 2018, the Company entered into an Acquisition and Share Exchange Agreement with Token Communities PLC, a Gibraltar company PLC whereby PLC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. PLC is a Gibraltar Financial Advisory firm which specializes in Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence and Fin-Tech investment in incubating as well as advising and managing qualified companies in the blockchain and distributed ledger technologies arena, including smart contracts, TGEs, DApps, and more. On January 10, 2023 the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Elements whereby the Company acquired ninety shares of common stock of Elements (which represents ninety percent of the outstanding shares of common stock of Elements). As a result of the closing of transaction set forth above, Elements has become a subsidiary of the Company and the Company has expanded its business operations into the health and wellness sector. On May 10, 2024 the Company entered into an agreement with ASC Global Inc. ASC Global), whereby the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of ASC Global in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note by the Company to the shareholder (David Chen, President of the Company) of ASC Global in the principal amount of Five Million Dollars (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note bears interest at the rate of four percent per annum and provides that all outstanding principal of and accrued but unpaid interest thereon shall be paid in full on or before May 10, 2027. Our principal executive offices are located at 4802 Lena Road, Unit 105, Bradenton, Florida, 34211 and our telephone number is (631) 397-1111. 4 Table of Contents Our Company Until January 2024 the Company researched and created white paper analysis for companies regarding block chain technology, and also operated the Lukki Exchange. We actively engaged in the Health and Wellness Sector developing holistic and naturopathic products, including plant stem cell, natural supplements, cosmetic facial masks and more. As the Health and Wellness sector proved more challenging than anticipated, we expanded our business with the acquisition of ASC Global in May 2024, into real estate development. The core business of ASC Global is luxury waterfront home development in southwest Florida. ASC Global owns over 20 properties in Florida in various stages of development. We are positioned as the waterfront luxury home developer for the specialty premium niche market in Florida. A majority of our properties are premium waterfront homesites in the Greater Sarasota Area, and have started construction on some of these lots in various stages. Most of these lots are located in Northport (Sarasota County), Gulf Cove and Punta Gorda (Charlotte County), all within an hour drive from Downtown Sarasota. The majority of our homesites are gulf-access and sailboat access, located right off the open water, the most desirable locations for the Florida highly sought after premium waterfront homes. We also have some lakefront homesites in Punta Gorda and Tropical Gulf Areas in Charlotte County. We are working with Tricor, LLC. Tricor is a turnkey construction operator. They are experts on client specifications, affordability and efficiencies. Tricor provides end to end development and construction services. Further, ASC Global is exploring entry into the Opportunity Zone industrial park development in Texas, as many foreign companies are seeking to set up manufacturing facilities in the United States. ASC Global works with a nationwide builder to build and develop its properties. Intellectual Property We do not currently own, and do not have any current plans to seek, any patents in connection with our operations. We do not have any copyrights or trademarks, but we generally rely upon copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to protect and maintain our proprietary rights for our technology and products. Notwithstanding the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our proprietary rights. Competitors may also independently develop supplements that are substantially equivalent or superior to the supplements we developed and sell. Competition There are many companies which compete in the industries which the Company is involved, and there can be no assurance that additional direct competitors will arise. We face significant competition, including from companies that have entered this space much earlier than us and are better capitalized, with vertically integrated business models, larger than us, have more access to capital and have lower operating costs than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly to new or emerging supplements and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products. These competitors may enter our existing or future markets with currencies that may be less expensive, that may provide higher performance or additional features or that may be introduced more quickly than our products. Government Regulation Products offered by Elements have not been evaluated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or any similar regulatory body for safety and efficacy. We anticipate in the future that our products may be subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies, including but not limited to the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission CPSC ), the United States Department of Agriculture, and the Environmental Protection Agency. The FDA s revision of labeling requirements also affects the labeling of certain supplements. Our manufacturers may have revised labels on some of our supplements to comply with the requirements. Employees Currently we and our subsidiaries employ a total of two individuals. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 5 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. The Company is neither an accelerated filer nor a large accelerated filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 240.12b-2 of this chapter), nor is it a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act 230.405 of this chapter), and as such is not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. As of the date of this Annual Report, we believe that we have limited risks associated with a breach in cybersecurity. Risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents (of which we are not aware of any), have not materially affected or are not reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Risk management and strategy. We have not established specific processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats or engaged third parties to assess such risks. However, if exposed to such a risk, we would assess any potential unauthorized attempts to access our information systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of those systems. While we lack a formal risk assessment policy or analysis and no process has been integrated into our management system, a risk assessment would likely include identification of any reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks, any likelihood and potential damage that could result from such risks, and whether existing safeguards are sufficient to manage such risks. If appropriate and necessary, we would implement reasonable safeguards to minimize identified risks and address any identified gaps in existing systems. Primary responsibility for assessing any cybersecurity risks rests with our chief executive officer, who would report any threat to our board of directors. To date, we have not encountered cybersecurity threats or challenges that have materially impaired our operations, business strategy or financial condition. Item 2. Properties. Currently the Company utilizes offices provided by the President of the Company no charge. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Neither the Company nor its property is a party to any pending material legal proceeding. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink market under the symbol TKCM. Our common stock trades on a limited or sporadic basis and should not be deemed to constitute an established public trading market. There is no assurance that there will be liquidity in the common stock. There are no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. Holders As of June 30, 2024, there were 2,095,671,162 shares of common stock outstanding, which were held by approximately 180 record holders. Dividends Through June 30, 2024, we have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During the year ended June 30, 2024, there were no sales by the Company (which have not been included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K) that were not registered under the Securities Act. Item 6. [Reserved] 7 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Plan of Operation Until January 2023 the Company researched and created white paper analysis for companies regarding block chain technology, and also operates the Lukki Exchange, (until its sale in April 2023) including all client lists, intellectual property related to the brand Lukki . Commencing the end of the calendar year in 2023 the Company expanded its business operations into the health and wellness sector resulting in the acquisition of Elements in January 2023, and in May 2024 the Company expanded into the real estate development field. Results from Operations For the year ended J une 30, 2024 as compared to June 30, 2023 Operating Expenses Total operating expenses increased to 288,530 in 2024 from 79,415 in 2023, an increase of 209,115. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of ASC and an increase in audit and legal fees during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. Loss From Operations Income from operations was 905,142 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared with a loss of (79,415) for the year ended June 30, 2023. The difference was primarily due to the acquisition of ASC Global Inc. Other Income (Expense) Other Income (Expense) increased from (815) in 2023 to 718,972 in 2024. This increase was due to the gain on extinguishment of debt of 730,820 in fiscal 2024. Net Income (Loss) For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 the Company had net income of 1,276,464 compared to a net loss of (75,007) for the year ended June 30, 2023, an difference of 1,351,471. The increase is primarily due to the acquisition of ASC Global Inc. and the extinguishment of debt as described above in the year ended June 30, 2024. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of June 30, 2024, the Company had total assets of 3,987,903 as compared to 1,130 as of June 30, 2023, an increase of 3,986,773. This increase was primarily a result of the Company s acquisition of ASC Global. The Company s total current assets exceeded its current liabilities by 295,460. 8 Table of Contents Our cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 are summarized below: Year Ending June 30, 2024 Year Ending June 30, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,614,359 50,008 Net cash used in investing activities - - Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (4,644,031 - Net Change in Cash 24,809 1,130 Cash at beginning of year 1,130 - Cash at end of year 25,939 1,130 Net Cash Provided (Used) in Operating Activities For the year ended June 30, 2024, 4,614,359 net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to loans from a related party. For the year ended June 30, 2023, 50,008 net cash provided in operating activities was primarily due to accounts payable and loans payable. Net Cash Provided (Used) in Investing Activities For the year ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 0. Net Cash Provided (Used) by Financing Activities For the year ended June 30, 2024 net cash used by financing activities was (4,679,991) as compared to 0 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of ASC Global. 9 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of Consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, contingencies and taxes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The following critical accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Loss Contingencies The Company is subject to various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company considers the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as its ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when management concludes that it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company regularly evaluates current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted. Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred tax assets (future tax benefits) and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the expected future tax return consequences of those differences, which are expected to be either deductible or taxable when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are not currently a party to, or otherwise involved with, any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 10 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Index to Financial Statements Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 7116) F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 - F-12 11 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders Token Communities Ltd and Subsidiary. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Token Communities Ltd and Subsidiary as of June 30 , 2024 and 2023 , and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Token Communities Ltd and Subsidiary as of June 30 , 2024 and 2023 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to Viratech Corp in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Viratech Corp is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 4 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole 8 , and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. No critical audit matters were identified. We identified the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting: The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. The Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. The Company does not have written documentation of their internal control policies and procedures. /S/ Beckles Co (PCAOB ID We have served as Token Communities Ltd and Subsidiary 's auditor since 2024. 10 December 31, 2024 F-1 Table of Contents TOKEN COMMUNITIES LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30, 2023 Jun 30, June 30, 2024 2023 ASSETS Assets Current Assets: Cash and equivalents Accounts Receivable Real estate inventory Total current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Taxes Payable Unearned revenue Due to related parties Total current liabilities Non-Current Liabilities: Construction Loan Note payable - related parties Total non-current liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Common stock: par value; share authorized; shares of common stock issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and 2023 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated Other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit Non-controlling interest Total stockholders deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents TOKEN COMMUNITIES LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 Twelve months Twelve months ended ended 30-Jun-24 30-Jun-23 REVENUES - - Home Sales Lot Sales and Other TOTAL REVENUES COST OF SALES Home Sales TOTAL COST OF SALES GROSS MARGIN Home Sales Lot Sales and Other TOTAL GROSS MARGIN OPERATING EXPENSES Payroll Related Expenses Rent Expense Audit and Legal Fees General and administrative TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) Loss on Impairment Gain on Extinguishment of Debt TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST Less non-controlling interest NET INCOME (LOSS) Foreign exchange translation gain (loss) Comprehensive income NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents TOKEN COMMUNITIES LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 Common Stock Par Value, Additional Paid-In Accumulated Comprehensive Accumulated Non-controlling Total Stockholders' 0.0001 Capital Income Deficit Interest Deficit Balance, June 30, 2022 Foreign currency translation gain (loss) - Net income for the period - Balance, Jun 30, 2023 Balance, June 30, 2023 Foreign currency translation gain (loss) - Acquisition of ASC Global Inc Net income for the period - Balance, Jun 30, 2024 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents TOKEN COMMUNITIES LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 Jun 30, Jun 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) Gain on debt extinguishment Impairment loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities Real estate Inventory Accounts payable, taxes payable and accrued expenses Loans payable - related party Net cash provided (used) in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisition of ASC Global Net cash provided (used) in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Construction loan proceeds Notes payable related party Net cash provided (used) by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND EQUIVALENTS CASH AND EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Notes payable - related party ASC Global acquisition The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents TOKEN COMMUNITIES LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS common shares to treasury, and at closing, of the issued and outstanding shares of PLC were acquired by the Company, for newly issued common shares equal to 64 of the Company s outstanding common stock as of the closing date, thus making the stockholders of PLC the majority stockholders of the Company. The transaction closed on May 18, 2018. This transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase method of accounting since PLC obtained control of Limited. Accordingly, the merger of PLC into Limited was recorded as a recapitalization of PLC, PLC being treated as the continuing entity. The transaction was treated as a recapitalization and not as a business combination. Limited had shares outstanding prior to the merger. At the time of the merger, Limited s principal stockholder surrendered shares, which were cancelled. After the merger, the total number of Limited shares outstanding was . PLC is a Gibraltar Financial Advisory firm which specializes in Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence and Fin-Tech investment in incubating, as well as advising and managing qualified companies in the blockchain and distributed ledger technologies arena, including smart contracts, TGEs, DApps, and more. Advisement comprises the authoring of industry standard White Papers, technical aspects, design and implementation of market strategies, business appraisal and more. All potential clients are vetted and Anti-Money Laundering / Know-Your-Customer approved. The Company is also developing its own software technology with its dedicated team of developers. The historical financial statements presented are the financial statements of PLC. The Acquisition and Share Exchange Agreement was treated as a recapitalization and not as a business combination; therefore, no pro forma information is disclosed. At the date of the merger, the net liabilities of the legal acquirer, Limited, were . The combined entities are referred to hereafter as the Company. On May 28, 2020, the Company acquired billion iRide tokens in exchange for million shares provided to iRide.io Tech Pte., Ltd., valued at , which was immediately expensed. On July 14, 2020, a change in control of the Company was affected by a privately held corporation (American Software Company, controlled by 2 individuals) acquiring of the outstanding stock from other control individuals. As part of this transaction, the Company transferred the billion iRide tokens and shares of its common stock to American Software in exchange for all technology, software codes and other intelligent products of the Lukki Exchange, a non-operating cyber coin exchange. Since the Lukki exchange had no previous material revenue nor assets, the acquisition has been accounted for as an asset acquisition and due to the fact that it has no value, and the parties to this transaction are related, the transaction has been accounted for as ), the value of the tokens are (0), and no financial statements are being provided as part of the transaction. F-6 Table of Contents shares of Common Stock of the Company, and the holders of the Company s Series A, B, C, D and E warrants agreed to the cancellation of all such warrants. On April 25, 2022 Token Communities, Ltd. (the Company closed on the sale of the Lukki Exchange and related Lukki tokens in exchange for Fifty Thousand Dollars. This consideration has not been received by the Company and was written off on June 30, 2023. On January 10, 2023 Token Communities Ltd. (the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Elements of Health and Wellness, Inc., a company incorporated in the Florida Elements whereby the Company acquired ninety shares of common stock of Elements (which represents ninety percent of the outstanding shares of common stock of Elements), in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note in the principal amount of Two Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars (the Note ). The Note provides for a term of five years and bears interest at a rate of three percent per annum. The transactions set forth above closed on January 10, 2023. As a result of the closing of transaction set forth above, Elements has become a subsidiary of the Company and the Company has expanded its business operations into the health and wellness sector. On May 10, 2024 Token Communities Ltd. (the Company entered into an agreement (the Agreement with ASC Global Inc. ASC Global), whereby the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of ASC Global in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note by the Company to the shareholder (David Chen, President of the Company) of ASC Global in the principal amount of Five Million Dollars (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note bears interest at the rate of four percent per annum and provides that all outstanding principal of and accrued but unpaid interest thereon shall be paid in full on or before May 10, 2027. Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements CFS were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). Limited s functional currency is the United States Dollars or USD and Limited s wholly-owned subsidiary, PLC s functional currency is the Pound Sterling GBP ). Going Concern The accompanying CFS were prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplates the continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company had a stockholders deficit of ) as of June 30, 2024 and has incurred losses from operations since inception and expects to continue to generate operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The continued operations of the Company are dependent upon its ability to raise additional capital, obtain additional financing and/or acquire or develop a business that generates sufficient positive cash flows from operations. The accompanying CFS do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue as a going concern. Foreign Currency Translation Various payables were maintained in GBP and CNY. These accounts were translated into USD in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 830 Foreign Currency Transaction, with the GBP as the functional currency. According to Topic 830, all assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, stockholders equity is translated at historical rates and statement of operations items are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income (loss) in accordance with ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income . Gains and losses resulting from the translations of foreign currency transactions and balances are reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The following table details the exchange rates used for the periods. Period end GBP to CNY exchange rate On June 30, 2024 all remaining accounts subject to foreign currency fluctuations were deemed to be either discharged, cancelled or expired. These accounts were derecognized on that date and the company recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of . F-7 Table of Contents Capitalization of Interest Home Sales Revenue Lot Sales and Other Revenue Use of Estimates Principles of Consolidation Cash Equivalents Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-8 Table of Contents Inventory Basic and Diluted Earnings (loss) Per Share Statement of Cash Flows Recent Accounting Pronouncements Immaterial Out of Period Adjustments F-9 Table of Contents Total Assets Liabilities Due to related parties Total liabilities Stockholder's Deficit Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit Total operating expenses Loss from operations Net income (loss) before non-controlling interest Less non-controlling interest Net income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) Total stockholder's deficit Loan payable - related party Net cash used in operating activities Cash and equivalents, end of period F-10 Table of Contents Allocation of Consideration Given Cash Due from Related Parties Inventory Total Assets Current Liabilities Due to Related Parties Total Current Liabilities Net Assets Acquired shares of common and shares of preferred stock with par value. shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2024. . and as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 respectively, are presented as due to related parties in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On May 10, 2024, the Company entered into a promissory note for with a stockholder. The note is presented as a note payable to related parties in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The note bears a interest rate, is unsecured and principle and interest are due on . .33 of interest has accrued as of June 30, 2024. F-11 Table of Contents Temporary differences: Accrued expenses Tax income (loss) for the year Estimated effective tax rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax (asset) liability Rate Reconciliation: Federal income tax at statutory rate Temporary difference Permanent difference Change in Valuation Allowance F-12 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and the principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of June 30, 2024 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 12 Table of Contents Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of June 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. The Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. The Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. All of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. We plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger or similar business or asset acquisition. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Not applicable. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. None. 13 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The names, positions, terms, and periods served of the Company s directors as of June 30, 2023 are set forth in the following table: Name Positions Period of Service David Chen Chairman of the Board/CEO/President/Interim CFO 7/14/2020-Present Peter Yaugh Chen Director/CFO 7/14/2020-8/2/2023 Xiangru Lin Director 7/14/2020-Present Peter Yaugh Chen resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company on August 2, 2023. There are no agreements with respect to electing directors. The Board of Directors appoints officers annually and each executive officer serves at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Company does not have any standing committees at this time, and due to its small size does not believe that committees are necessary at this time. The Company s entire Board fulfills the duties of an audit committee. Except as set forth below, none of the directors held any directorships during the past five years in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such act, or of any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Board of Directors has not adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to the registrant s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Board of Directors has not adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company s securities by directors, officers and employees, or the Company itself, that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to the Company. Director and Officer Biographical Information David Chen Chairman of the Board/CEO/President/Interim Chief Financial Officer David Chen has served as Chief Operating Officer of XT Energy Group, Inc. from July 2018 to March 2020. He has served as Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASC, since July 2017, as Executive Director of Asia Pacific at Federal Aerospace Holdings Group, a general aviation development company since September 2015, as President of Sino Tech Jiu-Ding Energy Development Co., Ltd., a shale oil technology company, since May 2016, and as President of Inner Mongolia Aero Motor Group, a low-speed electric vehicle manufacturing company, since December 2017. He previously served as President of American Franchise Development Group from May 1998 to March 2008, and as Property Claims Manager at Transtate Insurance Company, a New York State Property Casualty Insurer from June 1991 to July 1998. Mr. Chen received a master s degree in Asian Studies from St. John s University and an Executive degree in business administration from Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth. Mr. Chen obtained his bachelor s degree in computer science from Southern Connecticut State University. Mr. Chen has received numerous awards for his business achievement, such as Minority Retailer of the Year in 2006 by U.S. Department of Commerce, Minority Business Development Agency, Overseas Chinese Model Businessman of the Year in 2006 by Republic of China (Taiwan), Businessman of the Year in 2007 by National Republican Congressional Committee Business Advisory Committee. 14 Table of Contents Xiangru Lin Director Xiangru Lin served as the Chief Financial Officer of Federal Aerospace Holdings Group from 2017 to 2019, and as the Comptroller of Aero Motors Group from 2017 to 2019. She is also the Chairwoman of Hainan Softbank Stem Cell Company in Boao, Hainan. Presently she is the Chief Operating Officer and a Director of ASC. Xiangru Lin attended St. John s University in New York in 2019 (a certificate program), she graduated from Zhengzhou University in 2010. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: (1) had a petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; (2) has been convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) has been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: (i) Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; (ii) Engaging in any type of business practice; or (iii) Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; (4) has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in (3)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; (5) has been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 15 Table of Contents (6) has been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; (7) has been the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (8) has been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers, and the persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based solely on the reports received by us and on the representations of the reporting persons, we believe that these persons have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, with the exception of the following reports. Reporting Person Form Type David Chen 3 Peter Yaugh Chen 4 Xiangru Lin 3 16 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation. The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, certain information regarding the compensation earned by the Company s named executive officers. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) David Chen, 2023 12,000 - - - - - - 12,000 CEO, Director (1) 2024 - - - - - - - 0 Peter Yaugh Chen, 2023 - - - - - - 0 CFO, Director (2) 2024 - - - - - - 0 Xiangru Lin, 2023 10,000 - - - - - - 10,000 Director (3) 2024 - - - - - - - 0 (1) David Chen was named Chairman, CEO and President July 14, 2020. (2) Peter Yaugh Chen resigned as Director and CFO on August 2, 2023. (3) Xiangru Lin was named director July 14, 2020. Director Compensation Directors do not receive compensation for serving as a Director of the Company. Employment Agreements The Company does not have any written agreements with any of its executive officers. 17 Table of Contents Compensation Committee We currently do not maintain a Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Until a formal committee is established, our entire Board of Directors has responsibility for establishing, implementing and continually monitoring adherence with the Company s compensation philosophy. The Board of Directors ensures that the total compensation paid to the executives is fair, reasonable, and competitive. Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The Board of Directors believes that the most effective executive compensation program is one that is designed to reward the achievement of specific annual, long-term and strategic goals by the Company and that aligns executives interests with those of the stockholders by rewarding performance above established goals, with the ultimate objective of improving stockholder value. As a result of the size of the Company, the Board evaluates both performance and compensation on an informal basis. Upon hiring additional executives, the Board intends to establish a Compensation Committee to evaluate both performance and compensation to ensure that the Company maintains its ability to attract and retain superior employees in key positions and that compensation provided to key employees remains competitive relative. Role of Executive Officers In Compensation Decisions The Board of Directors makes all compensation decisions for, and approves recommendations regarding equity awards to, the executive officers and directors of the Company. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth, as of June 30, 2024, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our capital stock, including our common stock by: each stockholder known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of any class of our outstanding stock; each director; each named executive officer; all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of our outstanding stock. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had authorized 5,000,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. There were 2,095,671,162 shares of common stock and 0 shares of Preferred Stock outstanding as of June 30, 2024. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to our common stock. Shares of our common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2024 are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of that person but not for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise noted, we believe the persons and entities in this table have sole voting and investing power with respect to all of the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable. 18 Table of Contents Security Ownership of Management Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and nature of beneficial ownership Percent of Class Common Stock David Chen 1,745,000,585 (1) 83.267 Peter Yaugh Chen 0 0 Xiangru Lin 0 0 Executive Officers and Directors as a Group 1,801,634,585 86 (1) Shares are held in the name American Software Capital Inc., and entity of which David Chen is the President. Stock Option Plan and other Employee Benefits Plans The Company does not maintain a Stock Option Plan or other Employee Benefit Plans. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Transactions with Related Persons Amounts due to a related party are for advances made by stockholders of the Company. The balance due of 3,344,662 and 1,314,193 as at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, is presented as due to related parties in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The amounts due are non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. As described above on May 10, 2024 the Company entered into an agreement with ASC Global, whereby the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of ASC Global in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note by the Company to the shareholder (David Chen, President of the Company) of ASC Global in the principal amount of Five Million Dollars (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note bears interest at the rate of four percent per annum and provides that all outstanding principal of and accrued but unpaid interest thereon shall be paid in full on or before May 10, 2027. Promoters and Certain Control Persons None. List of Parents None. Director Independence The Company has one independent director. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. Principal Accounting Fees Services 2023 2024 Audit Fees 20,000 21,500 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees 9,000 8,550 Total Fees 29,000 30,050 19 Table of Contents Audit Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. Audit-Related Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These fees were for professional services incurred in connection with accounting consultations and consultation regarding financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for tax services including tax compliance and the preparation of tax returns and tax consultation services. There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2024 or 2023. All Other Fees These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above. There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2024 or 2023. 20 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Schedules (a)(1) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements The Financial Statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statement and Supplementary Data. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules Other financial statement schedules for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes to consolidated financial statements. (a)(3) Exhibits The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are attached and incorporated herein by reference and filed as part of this report. Item 16. Form 10 K Summary None. 21 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Name of Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). (1) Filed herewith. In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 31.1, 31.2 and 31.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 22 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. TOKEN COMMUNITIES LTD. Dated: December 31, 2024 By: /s/ David Chen David Chen Chief Executive Officer, Director Dated: December 31, 2024 By: /s/ Xiangru Lin Xiangru Lin Director 23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tkcm_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tkcm_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION I, David Chen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Token Communities Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 31, 2024 /s/ David Chen David Chen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tkcm_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tkcm_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION I, David Chen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Token Communities Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 31, 2024 /s/ David Chen David Chen Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tkcm_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 wordproof.doc EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 of Token Communities Ltd. (the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in such periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in such report. /s/ David Chen David Chen Chief Financial Officer /s/ David Chen David Chen Chief Executive Officer Dated: December 31, 2024 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Token Communities Ltd. and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tkcm-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tkcm-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 tkcm-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tkcm-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

