<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241010_10-K_edgar_data_1527728_0001731122-24-001578.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10190230</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>454648</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1857110</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3242965</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1997703</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2400935</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-001578.hdr.sgml : 20241010
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241010163306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-001578
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241010
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241010

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RENOVARO INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527728
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				452259340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38758
		FILM NUMBER:		241365568

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTURY CITY MEDICAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		2080 CENTURY CITY EAST
		CITY:			SUITE 906 LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		45 39179840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTURY CITY MEDICAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		2080 CENTURY CITY EAST
		CITY:			SUITE 906 LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RENOVARO BIOSCIENCES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Enochian Biosciences Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Renovaro Biosciences Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230802

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-001578.txt : 20241010

10-K
 1
 e5986_10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K

United
states 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
report under section 13 Or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2024 

TRANSITION
report under section 13 Or 15( d of the securities exchange act of 1934 

For the transition period from 

Commission file number 

(Name of registrant in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+1( 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock,
 0.0001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the last 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large-accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

On December 31, 2023, the aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was . 

As of October 3, 2024, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock was . 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Forward-Looking
Statements 
 ii 

Part I 
 
 1 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 21 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved
Staff Comments 
 54 

Item 1C 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 54 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 55 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 55 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety
Disclosures 
 57 

Part II 
 
 57 

Item 5 
 Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 57 

Item 6 
 Selected
Financial Data 
 58 

Item 7 
 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations 
 58 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 70 

Item 8 
 Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 
 70 

Item 9 
 Changes
In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 

Item 9A 
 Controls
and Procedures 
 71 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 72 

Part III 
 
 72 

Item 10 
 Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 72 

Item 11 
 Executive
Compensation 
 72 

Item 12 
 Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 

Item 13 
 Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 72 

Item 14 
 Principal
Accountant Fees and Services 
 72 

Part IV 
 
 73 

Item 15 
 Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules 
 73 

Signatures
and Certifications 
 77 

i 

Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Industry
Data 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding
the plans and objectives of management for future operations and market trends and expectations. Forward-looking statements can be identified
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements are based upon our current assumptions,
expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on our business. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by the following words: may, could, would, should, expect, 
 intend, plan, anticipate, believe, approximately, estimate, 
 predict, project, potential or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology,
although the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

Forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements concerning: 

Our ability to continue as a going concern and ability to raise additional capital; 

Our continuous incurrence of losses as a pre-clinical-stage biotechnology company with no products that have achieved regulatory approval; 

Our ability to generate revenue if we fail to develop marketable product; 

Our dependence on substantial additional financing to support the research, development, licensing, manufacture, and marketing of product candidates and products, and the possibility that unforeseen operational costs will arise; 

The dilutive effect on stockholders ownership interests of the Company raising capital through an equity issuance in connection with future equity financing or equity debt agreements; 

Our dependence on the services of experts, including third parties to research and develop product candidates in cooperation with our employees and officers; 

The difficulty or impossibility of predicting future clinical trial results and regulatory outcomes of our products based upon our pre-clinical or earlier clinical trial performance; 

The application of heightened regulatory and commercial scrutiny to our AI-based technology, gene, cell, and immunotherapy products given their novel nature and concomitant potential for actual or perceived safety issues; 

Our ability to compete in rapidly developing fields, and the potential impact to our financial condition, product marketability, and operational capacities of a competitor receiving regulatory approval before us, or a competitor developing more advanced or efficacious products; 

Potential delays or total failures of third parties, such as universities, non-profits, and clinical research centers, to perform obligations on which our product research and development rely; 

The impact on our competitive position, business operations, and financial condition of implementation of amended healthcare laws and regulations; 

The dependence of certain of our pipelines on intellectual property licensed from licensors, and the severe adverse impact to our business operations of a disruption of one of our licensing relationships; 

The potential monetary costs of defending our intellectual property rights in a dispute, and the possibility that an intellectual property dispute will not be settled in our favor; 

The possibility that our patents and patent applications, even if unchallenged, will not sufficiently protect or provide exclusive use of our intellectual property, which could jeopardize our ability to commercialize our products and dissuade companies from subsequently collaborating with us; 

ii 

The negative impact to our competitive position and the value of our technology of our failure to protect trade secrets through the use of non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements, or the unavailability of adequate recourse for breach of such agreements; 

The fluctuation and volatility of the market price of our Common Stock due to its limited public market, and the possibility that these issues will compound and strain our stockholders ability to resell their Common Stock; 

Our significant dependence on sophisticated management with highly technical expertise to oversee business operations, and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to sustain growth; 

Our ability to adapt to future growth by training an expanding employee base and shifting away from reliance on third-party contractors; 

The risk of liability arising from claims of environmental damage, personal injury, and property damages in connection with our research and development activities, including those that involve the use of hazardous materials; 

The possibility that enforcement actions to suspend or severely restrict our business operations will be brought against the Company for our failure to comply with laws or regulations and the potential costs of defending against such actions; 

Our reliance on adequate maintenance of the security and integrity of our information technology systems to effectively operate our business; and 

Such other factors as discussed throughout Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. 

A forward-looking statement is
neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. You should
not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including without limitation the risks and uncertainties described
below the heading Item 1.A. Risk Factors in this report, that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations and assumptions that involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
Our plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of our business. Assumptions relating to
the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business
decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe
that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. Given these risks
and uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Any or all of the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report and any other public statement made by us, including by our management, may turn out to be
incorrect. We are including this cautionary note to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Information regarding market and
industry statistics contained in this report is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally
based on academic and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis. Forecasts and
other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties
accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. Except as required by U.S. federal
securities laws, we have no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in assumptions or other
factors that could affect those statements. 

In February 2024, the Company changed
its corporate name from Renovaro BioSciences Inc. to Renovaro Inc. The Company will not distinguish between its prior and current corporate
name and will refer to the Company s current corporate name throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As
such, unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms Renovaro, company, we, 
 us, and our in this document refer to Renovaro Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

iii 

PART I 

Unless otherwise indicated or
the context otherwise requires, all references in this prospectus to we, us, our, Renovaro 
or the Company are to Renovaro Inc., a Delaware corporation together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, Renovaro Biosciences,
Inc., a Delaware corporation Renovaro Biosciences ), GEDi Cube Intl Ltd, a private limited company incorporated under the
laws of England and Wales GEDi Cube UK ), GEDi Cube B.V., a Dutch private limited company, Grace Systems B.V., a Dutch private
limited company, Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS, a Danish limited company, organized under the Danish Act on Limited Companies of the
Kingdom of Denmark, and Renovaro Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Renovaro Technologies ). 

Our Business 

Our Business 

Renovaro
Inc. operates through two subsidiaries, Renovaro Biosciences and Renovaro Cube. Renovaro Cube refers to GediCube Intl. Ltd. and its wholly
owned subsidiaries GediCube, B.V. and Grace Systems B.V., which were acquired on February 13, 2024. 

Renovaro
Biosciences Overview 

Renovaro
Biosciences is a biotechnology company intending, if the necessary funding is obtained, to develop advanced allogeneic cell and gene therapies
to promote stronger immune system responses potentially for long-term or life-long cancer remission in some of the deadliest cancers,
and potentially to treat or cure serious infectious diseases such as Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) infections. As a result of our
acquisition of GEDi Cube Intl on February 13, 2024, we have shifted the Company s primary focus and resources to the development
of the GEDi Cube Intl technologies. 

Therapeutic Technologies 

Renovaro Bioscience aims to train the immune system to allow a person to better
fight diseases through allogeneic cell and/or gene therapy. Our vision is for a world with healthy longevity, and free from toxic chemotherapy,
for those with cancer and other serious diseases. Renovaro Biosciences will seek to leverage general principles and advances in the knowledge
of the immune response to engineer cells with enhanced attributes to promote the recognition and elimination of disease cells. 

1 

Allogeneic Cell Therapy

The strategic benefit of the allogeneic cell therapy technologies is to potentially
allow for the manufacture of large, off-the-shelf banks of therapeutic cells that are readily available on demand by healthcare
professionals, to potentially decrease the time between diagnosis and treatment. 

In certain treatments (e.g., HIV
and cancer), cells taken from healthy donors are engineered to introduce signaling molecules that are designed to enhance the ability
of specific immune cells to recognize diseased cells, and to help recruit other cells that will destroy cancer or virus infected cells. 

Gene Therapy 

Renovaro Biosciences may also seek to explore various approaches for gene therapy
design elements to potentially eliminate virus-infected or cancer cells by the modulation of the patient s immune system. Upon injecting
into the patients, these genetically engineered allogeneic cells have little to no risk of passing those modifications to the patient
since they are terminally differentiated with locked functionality to activate the host immune system. Gene modified allogeneic cells
are expected to be rejected naturally once they activate the patient s immune system therefore will have a very short survival time. 

Renovaro Biosciences Focus Areas: 

2 

Oncology: 

RENB-DC11: Genetically modified
Allogeneic Dendritic Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Product for Long-term Remission of Solid Tumors; specifically Pancreatic tumors 

Allogeneic Cell Therapy Platform
 Completed pre-IND, IND-enabling phase. 

Based
on learnings from our internal research, literature reviews of ongoing clinical development for solid tumors, and recent advances in immune
modulation, we have designed an innovative therapeutic vaccination platform that could potentially be used to induce life-long remission
from some of the deadliest solid tumors such as pancreatic, liver, triple negative breast and head neck cancers. 

The platform may one day enable broad immune enhancements that are combined
with cancer specific antigens that could be applicable to a wide range of solid tumors. This approach allows us to quickly adapt our approach
to any patient solid tumor using the same banked allogenic drug substance. 

3 

RENB-DC20: Genetically modified Allogeneic Dendritic
Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Treatment Product for Long-term Remission of Triple Negative Breast Cancer 

Triple Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC) is a subtype of breast cancer that is negative
for estrogens receptor (ER) negative, progesterone receptor (PR) negative and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). TNBC is
characterized by its unique molecular profile, aggressive nature, and distinct metastatic patterns that lack targeted therapies. TNBC
is well known for its aggressive behavior and is characterized by onset at a younger age, high mean tumor size, and higher-grade tumors. 

Based upon
our internal research, literature reviews of ongoing clinical development for solid tumors, and recent advances in immune modulation,
we believe we may have the ability to design an innovative therapeutic vaccination platform that could potentially be used to treat some
of the deadliest and hard-to-treat solid tumors that include triple negative breast cancer. 

Infectious Diseases: 

RENB-HV12:
Genetically Modified Allogeneic Dendritic Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Treatment Product for Long-term Remission of HIV; A Chronic
Infectious Disease 

The oncology therapeutic vaccine
technology could potentially be adapted to target infectious disease antigens and be a viable therapeutic approach in difficult to treat
chronic infectious diseases. As described above, the engineered allogenic dendritic cell drug substance is thought to be able to be loaded
with various cancer antigens for specific solid tumors but could or may be loaded with infectious disease antigens to elicit a more robust
immune response to viruses and other difficult to treat infections. 

4 

Renovaro Cube Overview 

Renovaro Cube is an AI-driven healthcare
technology company focusing on the earliest possible detection of cancer and its recurrence. Renovaro Cube has developed a proprietary
AI platform that analyzes genetics using Explainable AI (as defined below) to provide earlier and more accurate cancer diagnosis. This
platform uses a multi-omics approach to search for individual biomarkers that are present even in asymptomatic patients. This approach
is combined with differential molecular capabilities that are designed to identify, differentiate and pinpoint the exact source. Renovaro
Cube s process also involves the mining of biomarker panels, which are integrated into a machine learning library referred to as
 RenovaroCube to further enhance diagnosis. 

Renovaro Cube also aims to utilize
its proprietary AI platform in the development of commercial products to support clinical, research and pharmaceutical organizations that
are trying to improve patient care through precision diagnosis, prediction of success of therapy, new drug discovery, treatment protocols
or clinical trials. Specifically, Renovaro Cube is focused on developing products and services aimed at (i) early cancer characterization,
(ii) personalized treatment selection, (iii) prediction and tracking response to therapies, (iv) recurrence detection and efficacy monitoring,
and (v) ultimately, drug discovery. 

Renovaro Cube was initially incorporated as Grace Systems B.V. Grace Systems in 2013 under the laws of the Netherlands to develop unique data mining algorithms to enable banking, finance and government entities
to extract business insights from data. Grace Systems began applying its algorithms to biological data in 2018 to uncover cancer-associated
patterns. Beginning in 2018, Grace Systems pivoted its platform to focus only on healthcare. Renovaro Cube has focused on developing its
AI technology for early cancer detection. 

Renovaro Cube has now focused on
commercialization of its AI technology. Renovaro Cube believes that it has developed a unique approach to the early detection and diagnosis
of cancer and its recurrence and, in time, other rare diseases through the systematic analysis of data using AI technologies, data mining
procedures and algorithms for health technology. 

Renovaro Cube s technology has been trained on complex heterogeneous cancer
data and appears to find patterns associated with cancer in public and private data resources. With the help of Renovaro Cube s
algorithms, discovered patterns may be translated into biomarkers that can be used in a clinical setting to target various aspects of
cancer diagnosis and treatment. 

5 

Renovaro Cube s Strategy 

Renovaro Cube s product development
focuses on four core areas: 

Early Detection. Multi-cancer early detection MCED blood tests are advanced diagnostic tools that analyze cell-derived molecules present in the bloodstream. These tests specifically look for abnormal genetic, epigenetic or proteomic patterns of these cell-derived molecules, which can indicate the presence of cancer cells. By examining the molecules shed from various cells, including cancer cells, MCED tests aim to detect cancer at an early stage. This approach holds promise for improving cancer detection and potentially saving lives. 

Recurrence of cancer . A recurrence refers to the return of cancer after a period of remission.
A cancer recurrence happens because, in spite of the efforts to kill the cancer, some cells may remain, which grow and eventually cause
symptoms. In rare instances, a patient may develop a new cancer that s completely unrelated to the originally diagnosed cancer,
which is referred to as a second primary cancer. An early warning system could help to identify a recurrence as early as possible, thereby
helping to accelerate any treatment and diagnosis. The different types of recurrence include: 

o 
 Local recurrence, meaning that the cancer has returned in the same place it first started; 

o 
 Regional recurrence , meaning that the cancer has returned to the lymph nodes near the place it first started; and 

o 
 Distant recurrence , meaning the cancer has returned in another part of the body. 

Response to treatment. At Renovaro Cube we aim to develop a new array of diagnostic products that
can accurately identify patients that are going to respond or fail to a certain drug. In highly toxic therapies it will not only increase
survival but it will also reduce unnecessary exposure to chemotherapy. Furthermore, the costs for cancer drugs are usually very high.
Providing the right therapy to the right patient will therefore significantly reduce the costs of medicine in cancer. 

Clinical trials . Clinical trials involve a type of research that studies new tests and treatments and evaluates their effects on human health outcomes. People volunteer to take part in clinical trials to test medical interventions including drugs, cells and other biological products, surgical procedures, radiological procedures, devices, behavioral treatments and preventive care. Clinical trials are carefully designed, reviewed and completed, and need to be approved before they can start. 

In response to these four core
areas, the key components of Renovaro Cube s product development are to build a software and hardware platform that: 

Uses data science to develop novel insights into the characterization of diseases such as cancer. Renovaro Cube intends to apply its proprietary technology to biological data from multiple sources to enable the typification (or classification) of disease entities and sub-entities to provide insights about the nature and behavior of diseases to payers, providers, pharmaceutical companies and patients. 

6 

Enables more accurate diagnosis and earlier detection of cancer and other diseases with the goal of maximizing outcomes and minimizing the costs of treatment. Renovaro Cube intends to develop a system to understand the smallest fragments of cancer in the blood of the patient. Presently, Renovaro Cube is developing a product to analyze results from liquid biopsy run through an Oxford Nanopore Sequencer. We expect the Renovaro Cube product will subsequently identify, train and validate explainable biomarkers, panels and models on different molecular layers. Multiple models will be individually trained for optimal stratification through the entire health journey, ensuring the right accuracy for a therapeutic decision in every stage. Renovaro Cube will integrate different modalities and molecular data sources into a differential diagnostic report. Diagnostics and prognosis will be explainable with quality control reports and biomarker insights for different disciplines ensuring maximum trust and insight in medical decision making. 

Assists in clinical trials with patient cohort selection and response tracking,
to be used by companies like Renovaro Biosciences in their patient cohort selection for their clinical trials, by looking at which patients
are reacting positively, negatively and have no reaction. This data becomes more important through the progression of the different phases
of drug development, as more and more patients are added. Renovaro Cube will provide multi-omic data analysis, looking for specific changes
in the patients that might indicate a change in their molecular make-up. This can then be used for the next phase of a clinical trial
to look for the specific molecular data that has showed a positive reaction in the previous phase. It also provides insights for more
effective response tracking, which Renovaro Cube believes is important to the providers of care as well as the development and evaluation
of new pharmaceuticals and immune therapies in clinical trials. Patient response to treatment can be used to focus the target audience
for drugs in development and in subsequent clinical practice. As Renovaro Cube collects more data, longitudinal about treatment and response,
it will have the ability to train prognostic models to give an insight in disease progression and treatment response, both critical for
enrolling in clinical trials and eventually every treatment. Because Renovaro Cube consists of many independently trained and validated
models, it will have the ability to assist in virtually every therapeutic decision, for different subtypes and groups (stratifications).
The multi-omics and multi-modal pipelines could allow the use of multiple combinations of tissue samples and diagnostic platforms. The
detailed diagnostic reports will allow and support insights for multiple disciplines such as cancer biology, genomics and pathology to
look at underpinning biomarkers, pathways and clinical annotations. 

Provides insight into patients who have had cancer previously. These insights will provide for more effective
recurrence monitoring, which Renovaro Cube believes is important to the providers of care and patients during follow-up monitoring of
remissions. Renovaro Cube anticipates that payers want to detect and re-treat recurrences at the earliest possible stage to maximize patients 
outcomes in terms of time and cost and that, similarly, patients with a recurrence are keen to re-engage with effective treatment at the
earliest opportunity. A key aspect of this will be taking blood from the patients, sequencing this blood and running it through the Renovaro
Cube platform which will identify if the patient has any indication of the recurrence of the same or a new cancer. For recurrence monitoring,
Renovaro Cube will focus on a highly sensitive combination of lab and information technology. Lab protocols, sequence post processing
and machine learning are all designed, trained and validated to get the best signal with the highest sensitivity to catch early signals
of recurrence. This will be done on a regular basis allowing surveillance analysis over time. 

Includes biomarker panels that will be extended to include as many layers of genetic information (multi-omics) as possible including mutation, gene expression, methylation status, fragmentomics, nucleosome mapping, collectively named multi-omics, with the goal to reach the highest accuracy possible, both in terms of sensitivity and specificity of each individual biomarker panel. This provides a non-invasive alternative for the current complex, expensive and cumbersome procedures. 

Create value through advancing more sophisticated typification of diseases in an effort to address some of the pressing problems faced by modern healthcare, including healthcare costs, an aging population and developments in medical technology that produce a stream of increasingly sophisticated treatments requiring more precise targeting. 

One additional key focus of Renovaro
Cube is its multi-modal, data analysis. Multi-modal data encompasses the whole aspect of data from a patient perspective, whether genomics,
imaging, phenotypic or even wearable data, which can be cross analyzed to produce data that could not be previously produced. Renovaro
Cube intends to use multi-modal data to bring new insights to the clinical and research teams trying to understand what to do next with
the patient. 

7 

Renovaro Cube s Technology
and Techniques 

Renovaro Cube is dedicated to the
development of early cancer detection blood tests and expects to develop partnerships with third-party laboratories across the United
Kingdom, the Netherlands and the rest of Europe and will also expand to the United States. Renovaro Cube is focused on developing diagnostic
tests and test kits that would analyze samples derived from non-invasive liquid biopsy samples and intends to perform these tests from
a Renovaro s dedicated fully certified service laboratory and engage third-party laboratories to perform these tests for end-users. 

For this purpose, Renovaro Cube
has developed an AI platform that aims to leverage expertise in both biological and computational sciences and to go beyond traditional
tumor signals by detecting the body s early warning signs of cancer. Renovaro Cube s goal is to provide accurate and reliable
tests that can aid in the early diagnosis and treatment of cancer. Renovaro Cube s AI technology is created to detect a wide range
of biological signs to enhance the accuracy and sensitivity of early cancer detection and, thereby, enable earlier intervention and potentially
improved patient outcomes. 

Renovaro Cube s AI technology
aims to address three critical facets of medical needs within the domain of cancer diagnosis (as illustrated below): 

type-specific cancer detection; 

pan-cancer detection; and 

patient stratification. 

Moreover, the versatility of Renovaro
Cube s AI technology extends to encompass the realm of rare cancers, including cases such as cancer of unknown primary. 

Leveraging DNA methylation data,
Renovaro Cube has identified and validated biomarker panels tailored for the detection of a wide range of cancers, including bladder,
breast, colon, prostate, thyroid, head and neck, liver, kidney and lung cancer. 

8 

The foundational architecture of
Renovaro Cube s AI technology is engineered to facilitate comprehensive pan-cancer analysis through its extensive record of informative
biomarkers discovered across a diverse array of cancer types. This comprehensive repository empowers Renovaro Cube s AI technology
to swiftly cross-reference biomarkers and explore molecular commonalities and distinctions that span multiple tumor categories. 

For example, the capabilities of
Renovaro Cube s AI technology have unearthed biomarkers capable of pinpointing a specific subgroup of thyroid cancer patients characterized
by a distinct genomic alteration, the neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase NTRK gene fusion. Identification of these
NTRK-positive patients provides an actionable therapeutic target. 

Uses of Renovaro Cube s AI Technology 

Renovaro Cube has developed its AI platform to support: 

AI-assisted patient diagnostics; 

multi-omic data analysis; 

genome-wide or targeted analysis; 

pan-cancer analysis; 

different technology platforms (sequence or array); 

tracking of each sample; 

AI-guided biomarker discovery for single or multiple cancer types; and 

logs of analysis steps and outcomes (data preparation, discovery, validation). 

Renovaro Cube s AI platform
is an enterprise software platform that is distinguished from its competitors technology by its core attributes encompassing AI-guided
analysis and meticulous record-keeping of data handling procedures within audit trails, logs, and data discoveries. Renovaro Cube designed
this technology to support and validate every phase of the process, from the initial handling of raw data to the creation of essential
biomarker panels. Renovaro Cube s AI platform also facilitates the integration of data originating from diverse sources, including
public databases and collaborative partnership data. 

Illustrated below is the three-phase
workflow behind Renovaro Cube s AI platform for biomarker discovery using DNA methylation data. This workflow commences with the
identification of pertinent single- and multi-omic data best suited to address the specific inquiries of Renovaro Cube s clients,
and the subsequent stages involve the meticulous pre-processing and loading of this data into the platform. This process culminates in
the availability of a dashboard offering the client insights into the data s characteristics, such as data quality, the technology
employed, and associated metadata. 

9 

Phase I of the workflow behind Renovaro Cube s AI platform primarily centers on the pivotal process of biomarker discovery. This intricate procedure unfolds through the application of data mining algorithms and statistical methodologies integrated into the AI platform. The paramount objective of Phase I is to reduce the plethora of genomic features displaying variations across samples, which is accomplished by systematically eliminating extraneous or inconsequential features while preserving those features that exhibit the greatest potential for accurately detecting cancer. 

Phase II of the workflow builds upon the foundation of selected biomarkers by focusing on understanding the dynamic interplay among these chosen biomarkers, culminating in the creation of composite panels. The goal of Phase II is to pinpoint biomarker combinations that not only demonstrate robustness in detecting cancer but also maintain their efficacy across diverse contexts. Renovaro Cube believes that its AI algorithms are adept at uncovering multiple combinations across a spectrum of panels, which is supported by Renovaro Cube s AI-guided panel mining, a proprietary combinatorial optimization technique used by Renovaro Cube s AI technology. This approach, coupled with the capacity to explore numerous panels, significantly enhances the likelihood of discovering panels that align with specific metric criteria, such as sensitivity, specificity, precision, and recall and allows for tailoring criteria to align with clients unique needs, such as the number of biomarkers included per panel, or the inclusion of biomarkers associated with the expression of specific genes. The performance of the top-tier panels is further fine-tuned through the application of machine learning models. Subsequently, the efficacy of these biomarker panels in detecting cancer is validated through independent data sets. 

Phase III of the workflow involves Renovaro Cube s collaboration with its clinical partners to validate the performance of the biomarker panels. Through this collaboration, Renovaro Cube can confirm the utility and accuracy of its biomarker panels in real-world clinical contexts. 

AI-Assisted Diagnostics 

The process of biomarker discovery
facilitated by Renovaro Cube s AI technology has yielded a set of data that enables scrutiny of the genomic distinctions and commonalities
inherent in diverse cancer types. This data set can support the diagnosis of cancers when their type or origin remains unidentified. 

In addition to this role in biomarker
discovery and the development of diagnostic tests, Renovaro Cube s AI technology also integrates AI-guided molecular profiling of
patient samples and furnishes diagnostic patient reports. These diagnostic reports reflect the outcomes of molecular profiling, coupled
with interpretations provided by Renovaro Cube s team, to facilitate the process of cancer diagnostics by a qualified healthcare
provider, who can consider these reports in the context of a patient s medical history, clinical signs, and symptoms, among other
factors. 

Quality Control Process 

Renovaro Cube undertakes post-processing
of data generated from sequence and arrays to ensure accurate and meaningful results. These post-processing steps for omic data include: 

1. 
 Quality Control : Quality control is performed to assess the overall data quality and to identify any technical issues or anomalies. 

2. 
 Normalization : arrays can introduce various sources of technical variation, such as batch effects, intensity variations, and probe-specific biases. 

3. 
 Quality Filtering : After genotype calling, additional quality filtering may be performed to remove low-quality SNPs based on criteria like call rates, minor allele frequency, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium p-values, and linkage disequilibrium. 

Other post-processing steps may
include genotype calling, population stratification and association analysis. Specific post-processing steps may vary depending on the
type of array used, the study design, and the analytical goals. 

10 

Planning for Commercialization 

Partnerships in Development 

To enhance multi-omic and multi-modal
capacity, and to work to validate those capabilities with human samples including liquid-biopsy-based tests/test kits, Renovaro Cube is
actively pursuing relationships with leading academic cancer centers, pathology and imagery centers in Europe, the USA and the Middle
East. In certain cases, scopes of work are in process. This is a very attractive model for partners to be involved with Renovaro Cube
to perform multi-omics genetic analysis using liquid biopsies. 

Resources 

Renovaro Cube intends to hire additional staff to increase the speed and velocity
of its organization, including the development of the AI platform and the opportunities to deploy the AI platform for research perspective
and ultimately for clinical practice and into clinical trials. 

In addition, Renovaro Cube intends
to build out its infrastructure by leasing space for storage, networking and hosting facilities. 

Target Market 

Renovaro Cube s intended
customers will be hospitals, clinics, insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies, research centers, physicians and
individual patients. 

Renovaro Cube aims to utilize its
AI technology to commercialize products and test kits for healthcare providers, hospitals, clinics and doctors that will expedite diagnosis
and the selection of appropriate treatment for various types of cancer. Renovaro Cube intends to differentiate its products based on the
following factors: 

Proprietary and unique panel mining algorithms to create multiple biomarker stratifications per cancer; 

Explainable AI, offering traceability between the prediction and the exact biomarkers, panels and genes; 

Differential diagnosis, inclusion and exclusion of cancer types based on facts; and 

Precision diagnosis, with a high accuracy percentage with machine-learning tuning. 

11 

The multi-omic design of Renovaro
Cube s AI platform enables the use of different molecular layers, such as epigenomics, transcriptomics, and metabolomics, together
with genomics and clinical data. 

Panel Mining 

The unique panel mining technique
in Renovaro Cube s technology repeatedly investigates genes to identify relevant biomarkers. The proprietary technique in Renovaro
Cube s technology not only searches for individual biomarkers, but also integrates validated panels for different cancer types into
the RenovaroCube machine learning library. This process enables precision diagnosis, by including one cancer and excluding
others based on statistically, scientifically and clinically validated machine-learning panels. 

Panel mining is designed to combine
biomarkers into panels in such a way that the final panel meets: 

performance metric criteria; 

technical criteria, such as a minimum or maximum number of biomarkers for the selected assay; 

biological criteria, non-annotated genes inclusion; and 

stratification criteria. 

Explainable AI 

The term Explainable AI 
refers to the ability of an AI system or model to provide human-understandable explanations for its decision-making process or predictions.
This feature aims to bridge the gap between the black box nature of many AI algorithms and the need for transparency, interpretability,
and accountability in AI applications. 

In traditional machine learning
approaches, such as deep neural networks, the internal workings of the model can be complex and difficult to interpret. This lack of interpretability
poses challenges in critical domains where decisions have significant implications, such as healthcare. 

Renovaro Cube believes that Explainable
AI is crucial for ensuring transparency, fairness, and accountability in AI systems. Renovaro Cube s AI platform includes Explainable
AI by design. All data points, calculations and results are traceable, and all calculations are verifiable and reproducible with the same
result. 

Disease prognosis is one of the
diagnostic capabilities of the Explainable AI feature of Renovaro Cube s technology. Disease prognosis gives more insight for a
specific patient that empowers healthcare providers, patients, and their families to make well-informed decisions about treatment, care,
and future planning, thereby enhancing patient-centered care, optimizing resource utilization, and contributing to improved patient outcomes
and quality of life. 

Differential Diagnosis 

Renovaro Cube s AI platform
offers differential diagnosis by design due to its approach with a multitude of models for different diseases and the ability to include
and exclude diseases. 

Diseases like cancer are very homogenous,
meaning that markers like TP53 or BRCA are expressed with multiple cancers. To address this homogeneity, differential diagnosis distinguishes
between two or more conditions or diseases that share similar signs, symptoms or characteristics. The goal of differential diagnosis is
to consider and evaluate all possible diagnoses for the patient s symptoms to determine the most likely cause. Differential diagnosis
therefore aims to identify the underlying condition accurately and guide appropriate treatment and management strategies. 

12 

Differential diagnosis is important for several reasons: 

1. 
 Accurate Diagnosis : Differential diagnosis helps healthcare professionals arrive at the correct diagnosis by systematically considering all possible explanations for the patient s symptoms. This ensures that the appropriate treatment and interventions are provided, leading to better patient outcomes. 

2. 
 Avoiding Misdiagnosis : Many medical conditions have similar or overlapping symptoms, and misdiagnosis can have serious consequences. Differential diagnosis helps to avoid misdiagnosing one condition as another, preventing unnecessary treatments, delays in appropriate care or potential harm to the patient. 

3. 
 Tailored Treatment : Different conditions require different treatments. Identifying the correct diagnosis through differential diagnosis allows healthcare professionals to develop a targeted treatment plan based on the specific condition, improving the chances of successful management and recovery. 

4. 
 Avoiding Overtreatment or Undertreatment : Some conditions may require aggressive interventions, while others may resolve with minimal treatment or simply require symptomatic management. Differential diagnosis helps prevent overtreating or undertreating patients by ensuring that interventions are appropriate for the specific condition. 

5. 
 Identifying Underlying Causes : In some cases, multiple conditions may present with similar symptoms, but the underlying causes may be distinct. Differential diagnosis helps identify the root cause of the symptoms, which is crucial for implementing effective long-term management strategies and preventing complications. 

In summary, differential diagnosis
is a critical process in healthcare that supports accurate identification of the underlying condition, tailored treatment plans, and improved
patient outcomes. 

Precision Diagnostics 

Precision diagnostics and personalized
care is about focusing on what is required for a specific patient, what are their individual needs, how can we understand more about them
to be more precise when delivering care and identifying the right clinical pathway to move them through treatment. Renovaro Cube technology
will bring a high level of detail with multi-omic data, allowing individual genes and different possible cancers under suspicion to be
identified. Due to the structure of the data produced, Renovaro Cube can bring it into any format of user interface, documentation, or
database. We expect to provide the flexibility to respond to the different requirements for delivering data to the right person at the
right place at the right time. We will comply to user interface guidance and usability regulations (WC3C) to ensure that they meet the
correct standards to enable the data to be displayed, read and understood. Personalized care is what we all in the healthcare system are
striving for, we are one component that can make a huge difference. 

Future Development 

In driving towards future commercialization,
Renovaro Cube intends to undertake or continue the following activities to enable the development of its AI platform, bolster the credibility
of this platform and open up revenue opportunities: 

13 

Increase in-kind contribution projects with hospitals, research centers and pharmaceutical
companies, focusing on rare disease, cancer diagnosis and other opportunities for clinical trials; it is expected that the investments
required for these activities will be leveraged by non-dilutive funding instruments to de-risk individual projects and product development routes, 

Work to develop long-term strategic partnerships with clinical organizations, research centers and pharmaceutical companies to advance existing research in multi-modal analysis and open potential revenue streams; 

Develop Renovaro Cube s multi-modal, multi-omics platform architecture and first prototypes, with the goal of providing integrated multi-modal solutions that would be sold as a fully deployed and fully supported solution, subject to compliance with regulatory standards for hosting and support and for production of algorithms being deployed in a clinical environment; 

Build Renovaro Cube s service and support models for its AI platform; 

Build or lease a supercomputer that will be utilized for processing genomic data, the training of algorithms and the development of Renovaro Cube s solutions; 

Continue business development across key territories in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA region, starting in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany, under the management of in-country managers supported by centralized teams in Amsterdam and London and progress to rolling out in the US leveraging the Renovaro US based staff; 

Deploy a sequencing lab in the EMEA region that will allow Renovaro Cube to control the sample preparation and medical device, thereby enabling faster commercialization analysis and quality control; and 

Expand its team to include biomedical scientists,
 data scientists, machine-learning engineers, specialized medical doctors (oncologist, geneticist), high-performance-computer engineers
 and software engineers. 

Renovaro Cube plans to establish a state-of-the-art fully certified (CLIA and ISO standards) service laboratories to perform
 liquid biopsies in a multi-omic approach for third parties (primarily research and academic institutes) and provide data analysis at the
 same time. This activity serves two important goals: 

It provides immediate revenues for the company providing a superior service for multi-omic sequencing servicing using Oxford Nanopore
 Technologies for an attractive pricing and high-end services also applicable for liquid biopsies. 

The Cube needs data to expand the indications, application and improve the capabilities of the system. Acquiring this data is a lengthy
 and expensive. We anticipate a significant number of clients will provide data sharing for a reduced price. The outcomes can be published
 collaboratively, and the potential products will be commercialized by Renovaro Cube. The partner will receive royalties. 

A first service laboratory will be established in the Netherlands and rapidly expanded to other sites in the EU, US
 and rest of the world. 

14 

Our Intellectual Property 

Patents and licenses are key to
our business. Our strategy is to file patent applications to protect technology, inventions, and improvements to inventions that we consider
important for the development of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws, as well
as continuing technological innovations, proprietary knowledge, and various third-party agreements, including, without limitation, confidentiality
agreements, materials transfer agreements, research agreements, and licensing agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights.
We aim to take advantage of all of the intellectual property rights that are available to us and seek the protection of those rights so
that we can fully exploit our innovations. 

We also protect our proprietary information by requiring our employees, consultants,
contractors, and other advisors to execute nondisclosure and assignment of invention agreements upon commencement of their respective
employment or engagement. 

Assigned Intellectual Property 

On August 16, 2022, the USPTO issued
U.S. Patent No. 11,413,338 B2, Methods and Compositions Using Recombinant Dendritic Cells for Cancer Therapy , pertaining
to methods and compositions for treating cancer by eliciting an immune response by administering dendritic cells expressing heterologous
proteins. This patent protects RENB-DC11: Genetically modified Allogeneic Dendritic Cells as Potential Product for Long-term
Remission of Solid Tumors Starting with Pancreatic Cancer and potential future products RENB-DC-12XX: Genetically
modified Allogeneic Dendritic Cells as Potential Product for Long-term Remission of Additional Indications for twenty years. The Company
owns this patent application, through assignment as of July 15, 2019. 

On June 17, 2020, a patent titled Allogeneic
T-Cell-Based HIV Vaccine to Induce Cellular and Humoral Immunity , US 2021/0030795 A1 for the composition and method of use concepts
for RENB-HV-12. was filed. The Company owns this patent application, through assignment as of September 28, 2021. 

In-Licensed Technology 

Trade Secrets and Proprietary Know-How 

In addition to intellectual property
protected by patents and copyrights, we have trade secrets and proprietary know-how relating to our products, production processes, and
future strategies. 

Competition 

Renovaro Cube operates in a highly
competitive market with several companies developing AI-driven diagnostic platforms for early disease detection and personalized medicine.
Key competitors include Grail, Freenome, and Owkin, each utilizing advanced AI and machine learning to analyze multi-omic data for cancer
detection. While these companies focus primarily on specific diagnostic approaches, Renovaro Cube differentiates itself through its unique,
disease-agnostic AI platform that integrates various molecular data sources for differential diagnosis. Our platform s explainable
AI system, capable of providing actionable insights and personalized treatment options, offers a distinct advantage. Despite the crowded
landscape, Renovaro Cube's scalable technology, multi-omics capabilities, and ability to process diverse biopsy sources position it as
a versatile leader in precision diagnostics, allowing us to address a broader range of clinical and research needs. 

15 

Government Regulation 

FDA Review and Approval

Government authorities in the United
States, at the federal, state, and local levels, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development,
testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval
monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of therapeutic products such as those we are developing. Any products we develop
are likely to require regulatory review and allowance to proceed prior to conducting clinical trials and additional regulatory approvals
prior to commercialization. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and the
Public Health Service Act (PHSA) and their implementing regulations govern, among other things, biopharmaceutical testing, manufacturing,
safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, and other promotional practices. 

Obtaining FDA approval is a costly
and time-consuming process. FDA approval requires that preclinical studies be conducted in the laboratory and in animal model systems
to gain preliminary information on efficacy and to identify any major safety concerns. The results of these studies are then submitted
as a part of an IND, which the FDA must review and allow before human clinical trials can start. The IND includes a detailed description
of the proposed clinical investigations. An independent Institutional Review Board IRB must also review and approve the
clinical protocol and each clinical site. 

A company must submit
an IND for each investigational medical product and specific indication(s) and must conduct clinical studies to demonstrate the safety
and efficacy of the product necessary to obtain FDA approval. The FDA receives reports on the progress of each phase of clinical testing
and may require the modification, suspension, or termination of clinical trials if an unwarranted risk is observed in participants including
patients. 

Obtaining FDA approval prior to
marketing a biopharmaceutical product in the United States typically requires multiple phases of clinical trials to demonstrate the safety
and efficacy of the product candidate. Clinical trials are how experimental treatments are evaluated in humans and are conducted following
preclinical testing. Clinical trials may be conducted within the United States or in foreign countries. If clinical trials are conducted
in foreign countries, the products under development as well as the trials are subject to regulations of the FDA and/or its regulatory
counterparts in the other countries. Upon successful completion of clinical trials, approval to market the treatment for a particular
patient population may be requested from the FDA in the United States and/or its counterparts in other countries. 

16 

Applications submitted to the FDA
are subject to an unpredictable and potentially prolonged approval process. Despite good-faith communication and collaboration between
the applicant and the FDA during the development process, the FDA may decide, upon final review of the data, that the application does
not satisfy its criteria for approval or requires additional product development or further preclinical or clinical studies. Even if FDA
regulatory approval(s) are obtained, a marketed product is subject to continual review, and later discovery of previously unknown problems
or failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions on the marketing of a product or withdrawal
of the product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. 

Sponsors of clinical trials are
required to register, and report results for, all controlled, clinical investigations, other than Phase 1 investigations, of a product
subject to FDA regulation. Trial registration may require public disclosure of certain confidential commercial development data. 

The process of obtaining regulatory
approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure
of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development
process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include,
among other actions, refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls
or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals
of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

17 

Other Healthcare
Laws and Compliance Regulations 

Although we currently do not have
any products on the market, we may also be subject to additional healthcare regulations and enforcement by the federal government and
by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. In the United States, among other things, the
research, manufacturing, distribution, sale and promotion of pharmaceutical and biological products are potentially subject to regulation
and enforcement by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services CMS ), other divisions of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector
General), the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational
Safety and Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, state Attorneys General and other state and local government agencies.
Our current and future business activities, including for example, sales, marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs, must comply
with health care regulatory laws, as applicable, including, without limitation: 

the federal anti-kickback statute, which is a criminal statute that makes it a felony for individuals or entities to knowingly and willfully offer or pay, or to solicit or receive, direct or indirect remuneration, in order to induce the purchase, order, lease, or recommending of items or services, or the referral of patients for services, that are reimbursed under a federal health care program, including Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits, among other things, individuals and entities from knowingly submitting, or causing to be submitted, false or fraudulent claims for payment of government funds, with penalties that include three times the government s damages plus civil penalties for each false claim; in addition, the False Claims Act permits a person with knowledge of fraud, referred to as a qui tam plaintiff, to file a lawsuit on behalf of the government against the person or business that committed the fraud, and, if the action is successful, the qui tam plaintiff is rewarded with a percentage of the recovery; 

federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical suppliers to report annually to CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare professionals and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare professionals and their immediate family members; and 

18 

state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws which may impose stricter requirements than federal law and may apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor (including commercial insurers and cash-paying patients); state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare professionals and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare professionals or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

If our operations are found to
be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental laws or regulations that apply, they may be subject to penalties, including,
without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, exclusion
from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, additional program integrity obligations, individual imprisonment, injunctions,
recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, refusal to permit
us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished
profits, and future earnings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, result of operations,
and cash flows. These additional healthcare regulations could affect our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals,
principal investigators, consultants, customers and third-party payors. 

Moreover, the introduction of legislation,
implementation of new regulations, or enforcement of existing regulations that have a negative impact on the commercial prospects for
the types of products we are developing could negatively impact our share price and our ability to raise capital. 

Coverage and Reimbursement 

In the United States, third-party
payors include federal and state healthcare programs, government authorities, private managed care providers, private health insurers
and other organizations. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the
cost-effectiveness of medical drug products and medical services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Such payors may
limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all the FDA-approved
drugs for a particular indication. Third-party payor coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the FDA or foreign regulatory
authorities approve the product. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not assure that
other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. 

Further, third-party payers are
increasingly challenging the price of medical products and services, and there is increasing pressure on biotechnology companies to reduce
healthcare costs. If purchasers or users of our products are not able to obtain adequate reimbursement for the cost of using our products,
they may forgo or reduce their use. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products,
and whether adequate third-party coverage will be available. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from
both government funded and private payors for future products we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results,
our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize potential products, and our overall financial condition. 

19 

Healthcare Reform 

In March 2010, former President
Obama signed into law The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act
of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act ), which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental
and private insurers in the United States, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The Affordable Care Act contains a
number of provisions, including those governing enrollments in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement adjustments and fraud and abuse
changes. Additionally, the Affordable Care Act increases the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name
drugs; requires collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; requires manufacturers to participate in
a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand
drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered
under Medicare Part D; and imposes a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell branded
prescription drugs to specified federal government programs. 

Since its enactment, there have
been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and we expect there will be additional challenges
and amendments to the Affordable Care Act in the future. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable
Care Act was enacted, including aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers and reduced payments to several types of Medicare
providers. Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their
marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more
transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program
reimbursement methodologies for drug products. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in implementing
regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions
on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, proposing to encourage importation
from other countries and bulk purchasing. We cannot predict what healthcare reform initiatives may be adopted in the future. 

We also are subject to various
federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices,
the experimental use of animals, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including radioactive compounds
and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our research. The extent of government regulation that might result from any future
legislation or administrative action cannot be accurately predicted. 

Renovaro
Cube s AI -guided diagnostic platform operates within a highly regulated environment, particularly as it involves health data
and medical diagnostics. As a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD), the platform will require compliance with various regional regulations,
including but not limited to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) guidelines and European Union Medical Device Regulation (MDR).
Our regulatory strategy involves a meticulous development process, adhering to international standards such as for quality management
systems. Key elements include rigorous clinical validation, cybersecurity, data privacy (in compliance with HIPAA and GDPR), and quality
control to ensure patient safety and diagnostic accuracy. Post-market surveillance and continuous improvement will be integral to maintaining
compliance and effectiveness as we aim for global commercialization. Given the rapidly evolving regulatory landscape for AI-driven diagnostics,
Renovaro Cube remains committed to working closely with regulatory bodies to navigate the approval processes and to address ethical considerations,
ensuring that our products meet the highest standards of safety and efficacy. 

Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act 

Our business activities may be
subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations, or rules of other
countries in which we operate. The FCPA generally prohibits offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to give anything of value,
either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official to influence official action, or otherwise obtain or retain business.
The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the
corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore
involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries,
the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government
entities; therefore, our dealings with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. There is no certainty
that all of our employees, agents, suppliers, manufacturers, contractors, or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with
all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations
could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of facilities, including those
of our suppliers and manufacturers, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries,
implementation of compliance programs, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions
on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries as well as difficulties in manufacturing or continuing to develop our products,
and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees,
and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. 

20 

Employees 

As of June 30, 2024, we had 25
full-time employees. The Company has streamlined the organization to focus on its oncology therapeutic vaccine and artificial intelligence
driven healthcare technology. The Company has tailored its workforce to focus on these therapies and technology. We believe that we have
good relations with our employees. 

Corporate Information 

On February 13, 2024, Renovaro Inc. acquired Renovaro
Cube Intl Ltd and its subsidiaries Renovaro Cube ), as a wholly owned subsidiary pursuant to a stock purchase agreement. 

We trade on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the ticker RENB. 

Our website is http://www.renovarobio.com.
We make available free of charge, on or through our website, our annual, quarterly, and current reports and any amendments to those reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained in our website is not part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

RISK FACTORS 

Risk Factor Summary 

The following is a summary of the risks and uncertainties
that could cause our business, financial condition or operating results to be harmed. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk
factors contained in this report in their entirety for additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties. 

We have incurred substantial losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial and increasing losses for the foreseeable future. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 

We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders or restrict our operations. 

From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings, regulatory investigations or disputes, and governmental inquiries that could cause us to incur significant expenses, divert our management s attention, and materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Negative publicity has had and may continue to have a negative impact on our business and may have a long-term effect on our relationships with our customers, partners and collaborators. 

Renovaro Biosciences is a pre-clinical biotechnology company and may never be able to successfully develop marketable products or generate any revenue. We have a very limited relevant operating history upon which an evaluation of our performance and prospects can be made. There is no assurance that our future operations will result in profits. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues, we may suspend or cease operations. 

The market for artificial intelligence -based AI healthcare solutions is new and unproven and may decline or experience limited growth, and concerns over the use of AI may hinder the adoption of AI technologies. 

Regulators and legislators may limit our ability to develop or implement our AI algorithms and may eliminate or restrict the confidentiality of our proprietary technology, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, reputation, and financial condition. 

21 

The results of pre-clinical studies or earlier clinical studies are not necessarily predictive of future results, and if we fail to demonstrate efficacy in our pre-clinical studies and/or clinical trials in the future our future business prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially adversely affected. 

Our reliance on third parties, such as university laboratories, contract manufacturing organizations and contract or clinical research organizations, may result in delays in completing, or a failure to complete, non-clinical testing or clinical trials if they fail to perform under our agreements with them. 

We have limited experience in drug development and may not be able to successfully
develop any drugs, which would cause us to cease our therapeutic development activities. 

We have licensed a portion of our intellectual property from our licensors. If we breach any of our license agreements with these licensors, or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully and to compete effectively may be adversely affected 

Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement
 may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 

We use AI in our business, and challenges relating to the development and use of AI, including generative AI, could result in competitive harm, reputational harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We have limited corporate infrastructure and may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

We have experienced and may continue to experience significant turnover in our management and executive leadership, which creates uncertainty and could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 

If serious adverse events or other undesirable side
 effects or safety concerns attributable to our product candidates occur, they may adversely affect or delay our clinical development and
 commercialization of some or all of our product candidates. 

Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 

Future sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree
of risk. Investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors and uncertainties described below, in addition to the other information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section of this report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing
in our Common Stock. 

The risks described below may not be the only ones
relating to our Company and additional risks that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect us. If any of these risks, including
those described below, materialize, our business, competitive position, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows
and future prospects could be seriously harmed. In these circumstances, the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and investors
may lose all or a part of their investment. 

22 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital
Requirements 

We have incurred substantial
losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial and increasing losses for the foreseeable future. 

Renovaro is a pre-clinical-stage biotechnology company and AI-driven healthcare
technology company. Investment in biotechnology related to genetically modified cells is highly speculative because it entails substantial
upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that a product candidate will fail to prove effective, gain regulatory approval or become
commercially viable. We do not have any products approved by regulatory authorities and have not generated any revenues from product sales
or otherwise to date, and have incurred significant research, development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations and expect
to continue to incur such expenses. As a result, we have not been profitable and have incurred significant operating losses in every reporting
period since our inception. For the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, we reported a net loss of 80,650,172 and 39,684,056.
We had an accumulated deficit of 325 million and 244 million as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

We do not expect to generate revenues
for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate
these losses to increase as we continue to research, develop, and seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and any additional
product candidates we may acquire, in-license or develop, and potentially begin to commercialize product candidates that may achieve regulatory
approval. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may adversely affect
our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to
generate revenues. If any of our product candidates fails in clinical studies or does not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fails
to achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain
profitability in subsequent periods. We anticipate that our expenses will increase in the future as we continue to invest in research
and development of our existing product candidates, investigate and potentially acquire new product candidates and expand our manufacturing
and commercialization activities. 

There is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. 

Our consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2024, have been prepared
under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. As of June 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 220,467 and an accumulated deficit of 325 million. We do not believe that our cash and cash equivalents are sufficient for the next
twelve months. As a result of our financial condition and other factors described herein, there is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend on our ability to obtain additional funding, as
to which no assurances can be given. We continue to analyze various alternatives, including potentially obtaining debt or equity financings
or other arrangements. Our future success depends on our ability to raise capital. We cannot be certain that raising additional capital,
whether through selling additional debt or equity securities or obtaining a line of credit or other loan, will be available to us or,
if available, will be on terms acceptable to us. If we issue additional securities to raise funds, these securities may have rights, preferences,
or privileges senior to those of our Common Stock, and our current shareholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain funds
when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our current development programs, cut operating costs, forgo future
development and other opportunities, or even terminate our operations. 

23 

We will require substantial
additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit,
reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 

We expect to expend substantial
resources for the foreseeable future to continue the pre-clinical development of our cell, gene and immunotherapy product candidates,
and the advancement and potential expansion of our pre-clinical research pipeline. We also expect to continue to expend resources for
the development and manufacturing of product candidates and the technology we have licensed or have a right to license from our licensors. These
expenditures will include costs associated with research and development, potentially acquiring or licensing new product candidates or
technologies, conducting pre-clinical and clinical studies and potentially obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing products,
as well as marketing and selling products approved for sale, if any. Under the terms of certain of our license agreements, we are obligated
to make payments upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones. We will also need to make significant
expenditures to develop a commercial organization capable of sales, marketing, and distribution for any products, if any, that we intend
to sell ourselves in the markets in which we choose to commercialize on our own. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise. Because
the design and outcome of our ongoing, planned and anticipated pre-clinical and clinical studies is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably
estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Our future capital requirements
depend on many factors, including: 

the costs and payments associated with license agreements for our potential products and technologies; 

the costs of conducting pre-clinical and clinical studies and the costs of manufacturing our product candidates; 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates, if clinical studies are successful, including any costs from post-market requirements; 

the cost of commercialization activities for our product candidates, if any of these product candidates is approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs; 

our ability to establish and maintain strategic licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements; 

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, expanding, defending and enforcing patent claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and 

the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, our future products, if any. 

Additional funds may not be available
when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be
required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate preclinical studies, clinical studies, or other development activities for one or more of
our product candidates or delay, limit, reduce or terminate our establishment of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or other
activities that may be necessary to commercialize our product candidates. 

Raising additional capital
may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies. 

Until such time as we can generate
substantial product revenues, we may attempt to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings, government and/or other
third-party grants or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances,
and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities,
our investors ownership interest will be diluted. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.
If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail one or more clinical research or development
programs, which would adversely impact our potential revenues, future results of operations and financial condition. 

24 

From time to time, we may
be subject to legal proceedings, regulatory investigations or disputes, and governmental inquiries that could cause us to incur significant
expenses, divert our management s attention, and materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

From time to time, we may be subject
to claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving intellectual property, privacy, securities, tax, labor
and employment, and other matters that could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. Recently, we have seen
a rise in the number and significance of these disputes and inquiries. The arrest and indictment of Serhat G mr kc , a
co-founder of the Company, has, and could in the future, subject us to regulatory proceedings and litigation by governance agencies and
private litigants brought against us, that regardless of their merits, could harm our reputation, divert management s attention
from our operations and result in substantial legal fees and other costs. Additionally, we have in the past been subject to intense media
scrutiny, which exposes us to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions, and penalties. 

We have also been named in several
lawsuits related to Mr. G mr kc . For example, the Company and certain of its current and former officers have been named
in securities class actions by purported stockholders of ours, alleging defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements and omissions of material fact
in connection with the Company s relationship with Mr. G mr kc and its commercial prospects. In addition, two stockholders
filed stockholder derivative action lawsuits purportedly on behalf of the Company against certain of our executive officers
and the members of our Board of Directors alleging violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also
setting out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Additionally,
from time to time, we may be, and currently are, subject to inquiries from regulators in which they seek information about us. Such further
inquiries could result in more formal investigations or allegations, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and
operating results. 

Litigation, regulatory proceedings, such as the investigations described above, as
well as the related class action claims and lawsuits, and securities matters that we are currently facing or could face, can be protracted
and expensive, and have results that are difficult to predict. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or
indeterminate amounts of damages and include claims for injunctive relief. Additionally, our legal costs for any of these matters, either
alone or in the aggregate, could be significant. Adverse outcomes with respect to any of these legal or regulatory proceedings may result
in significant settlement costs or judgments, penalties, and fines. Even if these proceedings are resolved in our favor, the time and
resources necessary to resolve them could divert the resources of our management and require significant expenditures. See Note
10 - Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and the section titled Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The results of litigation, investigations,
claims, and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and determining reserves for pending litigation and other legal
and regulatory matters requires significant judgment. There can be no assurance that our expectations will prove correct, and even if
these matters are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to
litigate or resolve them, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Negative publicity has had
and may continue to have a negative impact on our business and may have a long-term effect on our relationships with our customers, partners
and collaborators. 

Our business and reputation have
been negatively affected by negative publicity resulting from the arrest and indictment of Serhat G mr kc , a co-founder
of the Company and an inventor of some of the Company s intellectual property. If we are unable to rebuild the trust of our collaborators,
research institutions and investors, and if further negative publicity continues, we could experience a substantial negative impact on
our business. We have experienced claims and litigation as a consequence of these matters, including stockholder class actions in connection
with a decline in our stock price and litigation with Mr. G mr kc . Related legal expenses of defending these claims have
negatively impacted our operating results. Continuing higher legal fees, potential new claims, liabilities from existing cases and continuing
negative publicity could continue to have a negative impact on our operating results. 

25 

Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History 

Renovaro Biosciences is a
pre-clinical biotechnology company and may never be able to successfully develop marketable products or generate any revenue. We have
a very limited relevant operating history upon which an evaluation of our performance and prospects can be made. There is no assurance
that our future operations will result in profits. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues, we may suspend or cease operations. 

Renovaro Biosciences is an early-stage
biotechnology company and has not generated any revenues to date. All of our product candidates are in the discovery stage or pre-clinical
development stage. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our research and development efforts will be successful or, if successful, that
our potential treatments will ever be approved for sale to generate commercial revenues. Our therapeutic pipeline includes cell, gene
and immunotherapy involving genetically modified cells targeted to treat cancer and HIV, and we rely on third parties under contract in
the development of product candidates in our pipeline. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manage and fund the development of
a pipeline with multiple target conditions, nor that third parties will meet their obligations to us in connection with our research and
development. We and certain third parties, on which we rely, have no relevant operating history upon which an evaluation of our performance
and prospects can be made. We are subject to all of the business risks associated with a new enterprise, including, but not limited to,
risks of unforeseen capital requirements, failure of treatments either in non-clinical testing or in clinical trials, failure to establish
business relationships, failure of our third parties to meet their obligations to us and competitive disadvantages against larger and
more established companies. If we fail to become profitable, we may suspend or cease operations. 

Renovaro
Cube is an artificial intelligence AI )-driven healthcare technology company operating in a rapidly evolving field and has
a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate Renovaro Cube s current business and predict Renovaro Cube s
future performance. 

Renovaro
Cube is an AI-driven healthcare technology company operating in a rapidly evolving field and, having commenced operations in 2013,
has a limited operating history. Renovaro Cube shifted its business from the financial technology (or FinTech) industry to cancer diagnostics
in 2018. We currently do not have a commercial product for sale. We have never generated any revenue relating to our cancer diagnostics
AI platform. Renovaro Cube s short operating history makes any assessment of its current business or future success and viability
subject to significant uncertainty. We expect to encounter risks and difficulties, including those frequently experienced by early-stage companies
in rapidly evolving fields. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer. 

Renovaro
Cube has a history of net losses and anticipates that it may continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. 

Grace
Systems (Renovaro Cube s predecessor) has primarily incurred net losses since its inception in 2013 and has never generated any
revenue relating to its cancer diagnostics AI platform. Renovaro Cube anticipates that it may continue to incur primarily net losses in
the foreseeable future. Renovaro Cube has invested significant financial resources in research and development activities, including to
develop its technology and investigational products and plan for commercial launch of its AI platform. The amount of Renovaro Cube s
future net losses will depend, in part, on the level of Renovaro Cube s future expenditures and its ability to generate revenue
following the commercialization of its AI platform. Moreover, Renovaro Cube s net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter
to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of Renovaro Cube s results of operations may not
be a good indication of Renovaro Cube s future performance. 

Renovaro
Cube expects to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future if, and as, it: 

26 

attracts, hires, and retains qualified personnel; 

continues its research and development activities; 

initiates and conducts additional clinical validation to support the development and commercialization of its products; 

expands its technological and operating capabilities and introduces laboratory capacity as Renovaro Cube prepares for commercial scale; 

seeks regulatory approvals and any other marketing authorizations or clearances that may be necessary or desired for its products; 

establishes sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize its products; 

acquires or in-licenses additional intellectual property and technologies; 

makes milestone, royalty, or other payments due under any license or collaboration agreements; 

obtains, maintains, protects and enforces its intellectual property portfolio, including intellectual property obtained through license agreements; 

provides additional infrastructure to support its continued research and development operations and any planned commercialization efforts in the future; 

as part of the combined company, meets the requirements and demands of being a public company; and 

defends against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to its products. 

Renovaro
Cube has never generated revenue from its cancer diagnostics AI platform, and does not expect any near-term revenue to offset
Renovaro Cube s ongoing operating expenses, and may never be able to maintain profitability. 

Renovaro
Cube s ability to generate revenue from product sales and maintain
profitability in the future depends on its ability to commercialize its products. While Renovaro Cube plans to commercially launch its
AI platform in the European Union and United Kingdom in 2024, Renovaro Cube cannot be certain that it will be able to do so successfully
as planned, if at all, and Renovaro Cube s failure to do so would prevent Renovaro Cube from generating revenue. Furthermore, even
if Renovaro Cube is able to launch its AI platform or other products in a timely manner, Renovaro Cube may not be able to generate sufficient
revenue to offset its costs and maintain profitability. Renovaro Cube s ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends
heavily on its success in: 

completing clinical development and additional validation of Renovaro Cube s products and continuing to improve product performance and expand product features over time; 

seeking, obtaining and maintaining marketing approvals, clearances, licenses, or exemptions that may be necessary or desired for any future products that Renovaro Cube develops; 

establishing a sales force, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure or, alternatively, collaborating with a commercialization partner sufficient to launch and commercialize its products; 

obtaining market acceptance by consumers, including self-insured employers, integrated health systems, healthcare providers, patients and third-party payors; 

27 

establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can timely and consistently provide adequate, in both amount and quality, products and services to support clinical development and the market demand for Renovaro Cube s future products; 

achieving adequate coverage or reimbursement recognition from governments, health insurance organizations and other third-party payors for products that Renovaro Cube launches; 

addressing any technological and market developments, including competing products; 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing, or other arrangements into which Renovaro Cube may enter, and maintaining such existing or future arrangements; 

achieving general adoption and acceptance of Renovaro Cube s products by the medical community; 

maintaining, protecting and expanding Renovaro Cube s portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, know-how and trademarks; 

defending against third-party interference or infringement claims, if any; and 

attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 

Renovaro
Cube anticipates incurring substantial costs to commercialize Renovaro Cube s products. Renovaro Cube s expenses could increase
beyond expectations if it is required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the European Medicines Agency
(the EMA ), the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency MHRA or other regulatory agencies to
delay its launch, narrow or change its intended use or product claims, modify or expand its clinical validation, perform future additional
clinical validation, either pre- or post-approval, or conduct clinical trials. Even if Renovaro Cube is able to generate
revenue from the sale of any products, Renovaro Cube may not become profitable and may need to continue to obtain additional funding to
continue its operations. 

Even
if we commercially launch Renovaro Cube s AI platform and other products, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance
necessary for commercial success. 

The commercial
success of Renovaro Cube s AI platform and other future products will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by consumers,
including self-insured employers, integrated health systems, healthcare providers, patients and, over the long-term, third-party payors.
The degree of market acceptance of Renovaro Cube s products will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the performance and clinical utility of its products as demonstrated in clinical validation and published in peer-reviewed journals; 

Renovaro Cube s ability to demonstrate the clinical utility of its products and their potential advantages to the medical community; 

the ability of Renovaro Cube s products to demonstrate the same performance in real-world intended use populations as in clinical validation; 

the willingness of consumers, including self-insured employers, integrated health systems, healthcare providers, patients and others in the medical community to utilize Renovaro Cube s products; 

the willingness of commercial third-party payors and government payors to cover and reimburse for Renovaro Cube s products, the scope and amount of which will likely affect an individual s willingness or ability to pay for Renovaro Cube s products and likely heavily influence healthcare providers decisions to recommend Renovaro Cube s products; 

28 

with respect to products under development that Renovaro Cube intends to launch for use in a broad asymptomatic population, the concern that such products could lead to over-diagnosis or a high false-positive rate and unnecessary medical procedures and costs; 

the introduction of competing products, including the expansion of the capabilities of existing products; 

the market acceptance of existing competitive products, including tests that are currently reimbursed; 

publicity concerning Renovaro Cube s products or competing products; and 

the strength of Renovaro Cube s marketing and distribution support. 

The failure
of Renovaro Cube s AI platform, once introduced, to be listed in physician guidelines or any future clinical validation to produce
favorable results or to be published in peer-reviewed journals could limit the adoption of its AI platform. In addition, healthcare
providers and third-party payors, including Medicare, may rely on physician guidelines issued by industry groups, medical societies
and other key organizations, such as the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, before utilizing or reimbursing the cost of any diagnostic
or screening test. Although Renovaro Cube has conducted prior clinical validation of its AI platform, this platform is not yet, and may
never be, listed in any such guidelines. 

Further,
if Renovaro Cube s products and the technology underlying them do not receive sufficient favorable exposure in peer-reviewed publications,
the rate of physician and market acceptance of Renovaro Cube s products and positive reimbursement or coverage decisions for Renovaro
Cube s products could be negatively affected. The publication of clinical data in peer-reviewed journals is a crucial
step in commercializing and obtaining reimbursement or coverage for Renovaro Cube s products, and Renovaro Cube s inability
to control when, if ever, results are published may delay or limit Renovaro Cube s ability to derive sufficient revenues from any
of its products that are developed using data from a clinical study. 

Failure
to achieve broad market acceptance of Renovaro Cube s products, once launched, would materially harm Renovaro Cube s business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Renovaro
Cube may be unable to develop and commercialize new products. 

Renovaro
Cube continues to expand its research and development efforts to use its proprietary AI platform to develop new products, including in
disease areas beyond cancer. The commercialization of any new products will require the completion of certain clinical development activities,
regulatory activities and the expenditure of additional cash resources. Renovaro Cube cannot assure you that it can successfully complete
the clinical development of any such products. 

Renovaro
Cube also cannot assure you that it will be able to reduce its expenditures sufficiently, generate sufficient revenue from products that
it successfully commercializes or otherwise mitigate the risks associated with its business to raise enough capital to develop and commercialize
new products. In addition, once Renovaro Cube s development efforts for a product are completed, commercialization efforts, including
allocation of resources necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, will require significant expenditures. Any failure by
Renovaro Cube to develop and commercialize new products could have a material adverse effect on Renovaro Cube s ability to implement
its strategy and grow its business. 

29 

One
of the key elements of Renovaro Cube s strategy is to expand access to its tests by pursuing reimbursement and/or coverage from third-party payors.
If Renovaro Cube s products do not receive adequate coverage or reimbursement from third-party payors, its ability to
expand access to its tests beyond its initial sales channels and its overall commercial success will be limited. 

Renovaro
Cube anticipates that it will not have broad-based coverage or reimbursement at the initial commercial launch. However, a key
element to Renovaro Cube s strategy is to expand access to its tests by pursuing coverage and/or reimbursement by third-party payors,
including government payors. Coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors, including managed care organizations, private
health insurers and government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States and similar programs in other countries,
for the types of early detection and post-diagnosis service tests that Renovaro Cube provides can be limited and uncertain. Healthcare
providers may not order Renovaro Cube s products unless third-party payors cover or provide adequate reimbursement for
a substantial portion of the price of Renovaro Cube s products. If Renovaro Cube is not able to obtain adequate coverage or an acceptable
level of reimbursement for its products from third-party payors, there could be a greater co-insurance or co-payment obligation
for any individual for whom a test is ordered. The individual may be forced to pay the entire cost of a test out-of-pocket, which
could dissuade physicians from ordering Renovaro Cube s products and, if ordered, could result in delay in, or decreased likelihood
of, Renovaro Cube s collection of payment. Renovaro Cube believes its revenue and revenue growth will depend on its success in achieving
broad coverage and adequate reimbursement for its products from third-party payors. 

Coverage
and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend on a number of factors, including a payor s determination that a product
is appropriate, medically necessary and cost-effective. Each payor will make its own decision as to whether to establish a policy
or enter into a contract to cover Renovaro Cube s products and the amount it will reimburse for such products. Any determination
by a payor to cover and the amount it will reimburse for Renovaro Cube s products would likely be made on an indication-by-indication basis.
For example, because Renovaro Cube intends to cover a broad asymptomatic population with its future products which could potentially generate
a significant number of false-positive results on an absolute basis, Renovaro Cube may face additional scrutiny in obtaining
reimbursement from third-party payors given the additional costs of further diagnostic workup. As a result, obtaining approvals
from third-party payors to cover Renovaro Cube s products and establishing adequate coding recognition and reimbursement
levels is an unpredictable, challenging, time-consuming and costly process and Renovaro Cube may never be successful. If third-party payors
do not provide adequate coverage or reimbursement for Renovaro Cube s products, Renovaro Cube s ability to succeed commercially
will be limited. 

Even if
Renovaro Cube establishes relationships with payors to provide its products at negotiated rates, such agreements would not obligate any
healthcare providers to order its products or guarantee that it would receive reimbursement for its products from these or any other payors
at adequate levels. Thus, these payor relationships, or any similar relationships, may not result in acceptable levels of coverage or
reimbursement for Renovaro Cube s products or meaningful increases in the number of billable tests it sells to healthcare providers.
Renovaro Cube believes it may take several years to achieve coverage or adequate reimbursement with a majority of third-party payors,
including with those payors offering negotiated rates. In addition, Renovaro Cube cannot predict whether, under what circumstances, or
at what payment levels payors will cover or reimburse for its products. If Renovaro Cube fails to establish and maintain broad-based coverage
or reimbursement for its products, its ability to expand access to its products, generate increased revenue and grow its test volume and
customer base will be limited and its overall commercial success will be limited. 

30 

If
Renovaro Cube s products, or the products of its competitors, directly or indirectly result in harm or injury to patients, Renovaro
Cube could be subject to significant reputational and liability risks, and its operating results, reputation and business could suffer. 

Renovaro
Cube s success will depend on the market s confidence that its developed products can provide reliable, high-quality results,
once such products are launched. Renovaro Cube believes that patients, physicians and regulators are likely to be particularly sensitive
to errors in the use of its products or failure of its products to perform as described, and there can be no guarantee that its products
will meet their expectations. Renovaro Cube s initial product is intended to be used to detect a cancer signal in patients, but
its results are not diagnostic. If a cancer signal is detected, the product would be used to localize the origin of the cancer signal.
A cancer signal detected test result would need to be followed up by appropriate diagnostic methods. Because this product
cannot detect all cancer signals, and may not detect signals for all cancer types, a negative test would not rule out the presence of
cancer. Additionally, a patient undergoing unnecessary diagnostic tests on the basis of a false-positive result or an erroneous
location of cancer signal result could expose Renovaro Cube to significant liability and reputational risks notwithstanding the emotional
and mental health effects to which the patient may be exposed. Similarly, a patient who receives a cancer diagnosis shortly following
a no cancer signal detected test result may create negative publicity about Renovaro Cube s product, which would discourage
adoption. Performance failures could establish a negative perception of Renovaro Cube s products among physicians, patients and
regulators, jeopardize Renovaro Cube s ability to successfully commercialize its products, impair Renovaro Cube s ability
to obtain regulatory approvals or secure favorable coverage or reimbursement, or otherwise result in reputational harm. In addition, Renovaro
Cube may be subject to legal claims arising from any errors in the use, manufacture, design, labelling or performance of its products,
including any false-positive or false-negative results. 

In addition,
other companies are developing competing cancer detection tests and technologies focused on improving cancer care with cancer detection
tests and post-diagnostic products. If any tests marketed or being developed by Renovaro Cube s competitors that are similar
to its products do not perform in accordance with expectations or cause harm or injury to patients, such failure to perform, harm or injury
may result in lower confidence in early disease detection and post-diagnosis tests in general, which could potentially adversely
affect confidence in Renovaro Cube s products and result in an adverse impact on its operating results and reputation. 

If Renovaro Cube s
facilities or those of its third-party collaborators become inoperable, Renovaro Cube s ability to provide its products
will be significantly impaired and its business will be harmed. 

Renovaro
Cube relies on its third-party collaborators, consultants, contractors, vendors, suppliers and service providers. The facilities
of these partners could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes,
fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, pandemics, global conflict, war and other natural or man-made disasters
or business interruptions. In addition, they may be affected by government shutdowns, changes to applicable laws, regulations and policies,
or withdrawn funding. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm their ability to complete their contracted
services to Renovaro Cube, which may adversely impact its operations and financial condition. 

Renovaro
Cube s business and results of operations will suffer if it fails to compete effectively. 

The testing
and diagnostic products industry is intensely competitive. Renovaro Cube has competitors both in Europe and abroad, including Grail, Inc.,
Exact Sciences Corporation, Freenome, Inc. and Thrive Earlier Detection Corp., that have stated that they are developing tests designed
to detect cancer. Renovaro Cube s competitors have, or may have, substantially greater financial, technical and other resources,
such as larger research and development staff and well-established marketing and sales forces, and they may operate in jurisdictions
where lower standards of evidence are required to bring products to market. Renovaro Cube s competitors may succeed in developing,
acquiring, or licensing, on an exclusive basis or otherwise, tests or services that are more effective or less costly than Renovaro Cube s
products. In addition, established medical technology, biotechnology, or pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate the
discovery and development of tests that could make Renovaro Cube s products less competitive than Renovaro Cube anticipates. 

31 

Renovaro
Cube s ability to compete successfully will depend largely on its ability to: 

successfully commercialize its products; 

demonstrate compelling advantages in the performance and convenience of its products, including on a cost-competitive basis; 

achieve market acceptance of its products by consumers, including self-insured employers, integrated health systems, healthcare providers and patients; 

achieve adequate coverage or reimbursement by third-party payors for its products; 

differentiate its product from the other tests and products of current and potential competitors; 

attract qualified scientific, data science, clinical development, product development and commercial personnel; 

obtain, maintain, defend and enforce patents and other intellectual property rights and claims as necessary for its products; 

obtain and maintain any necessary or desirable clearance or approval from regulators in Europe, the United Kingdom, the United States and other jurisdictions; 

successfully collaborate with institutions in the discovery, development and commercialization of its products; and 

successfully expand its operations and implement a successful sales and marketing strategy to support commercialization. 

Renovaro
Cube may not be able to compete effectively if Renovaro Cube is unable to accomplish one or more of these or similar objectives. 

If
Renovaro Cube cannot enter new collaborations in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, its efforts to develop and commercialize its
products could be delayed or adversely affected. 

From time
to time, Renovaro Cube expects to engage in discussions with potential development and/or commercial collaborators that may or may not
lead to collaborations. However, Renovaro Cube cannot guarantee that any discussions will result in development or commercial collaborations.
Further, once news of discussions regarding possible collaborations are known in the general public, regardless of whether the news is
accurate, failure to announce a collaboration agreement, or the entity s announcement of a collaboration with an entity other than
Renovaro Cube, could result in adverse speculation about Renovaro Cube, its products or its technology, resulting in harm to its reputation
and its business. In addition, establishing collaborations is difficult and time-consuming and may require Renovaro Cube s
significant financial investment. Potential collaborators may elect not to work with Renovaro Cube based on their assessment of its financial,
regulatory, or intellectual property position. Even if Renovaro Cube establishes new collaborations, they may not result in the successful
development or commercialization of its products or technology. 

If
Renovaro Cube is unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities, it may not be successful in commercializing Renovaro Cube s
products. 

Renovaro
Cube has only limited sales and marketing infrastructures and no experience as a company in the sale, marketing and distribution of screening
or diagnostic tests. In preparation of a commercial launch, Renovaro Cube is rapidly hiring additional personnel in Renovaro Cube s
sales and marketing organization. 

32 

Factors that may inhibit
Renovaro Cube s efforts to commercialize any of its products include: 

its
 inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales, marketing, reimbursement, customer service, medical affairs
 and other support personnel; 

the
 inability of sales personnel to persuade adequate numbers of customers, including healthcare systems and healthcare providers, to
 use its products; 

the
 inability to price its products at a sufficient price point to ensure an adequate and attractive level of profitability; 

its
 inability to effectively market to, collaborate with, and secure coverage or reimbursement from third-party payors; 

its
 failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements governing the sale, marketing, reimbursement and commercialization of its
 products; and 

unforeseen
 costs and expenses associated with creating an independent commercialization organization. 

Risks Related to the Development of Our Product
Candidates 

Renovaro
Cube s products are not subject to FDA or other government regulatory
clearance or approval if they are not intended to be used for the diagnosis, treatment or prevention of disease. However, as Renovaro
Cube expands its product line to encompass products that are intended to be used for the diagnosis of disease, certain of its products
will become subject to regulation by the FDA, or comparable international agencies, including requirements for regulatory clearance or
approval of such products before they can be marketed. Such regulatory approval processes or clearances may be expensive, time-consuming,
and uncertain, and Renovaro Cube s failure to obtain or comply with such approvals and clearances could have an adverse effect on
its business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, changes to the current regulatory framework, including the imposition
of additional or new regulations, could arise at any time during the development or marketing of Renovaro Cube s future products,
which may negatively affect its ability to obtain or maintain FDA or comparable regulatory approval of its products, if required. 

Diagnostic
products are regulated as medical devices by the FDA and comparable international agencies and may require either clearance from the FDA
or such other comparable agencies following the 510(k) pre-market notification process or pre-market approval from the FDA, in each case
prior to marketing. Obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals can be expensive and may involve considerable delay. If Renovaro Cube
fails to obtain, or experiences significant delays in obtaining, regulatory approvals for diagnostic products that it develops in the
future, Renovaro Cube may not be able to launch or successfully commercialize such products in a timely manner, or at all. 

In addition, if Renovaro Cube s products labelled as For Research
Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures, or RUO, are used, or could be used, for the diagnosis of disease, the regulatory
requirements related to marketing, selling, and supporting such products could change or be uncertain, even if such use by Renovaro Cube s
customers is without its consent. If the FDA or other regulatory agencies assert that any of Renovaro Cube s RUO products are subject
to regulatory clearance or approval, Renovaro Cube s business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

33 

Regulatory and legislative
developments on the use of AI and machine learning could adversely affect Renovaro Cube s use of such technologies in its platform
and other products. 

As with
many technological innovations, artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our
business. Uncertainty in the legal regulatory regime relating to AI may require significant resources to modify and maintain business
practices to comply with U.S. and non-U.S. laws, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. It is possible that new laws and
regulations will be adopted in the United Kingdom, the European Union, the United States and/or other foreign jurisdictions, or that existing
laws and regulations may be interpreted in ways that would affect the operation of Renovaro Cube s AI platform and data analytics
and the way in which Renovaro Cube uses AI and machine learning technology. Further, the cost to comply with such laws or regulations
could be significant and would increase Renovaro Cube s operating expenses, which could adversely affect its business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

For example,
in Europe, on April 21, 2021, the European Commission proposed a regulation seeking to establish a comprehensive, risk-based governance
framework for AI in the European Union market. The proposed legislation is intended to apply to companies that develop, use and/ or provide
AI in the European Union and includes requirements around transparency, conformity assessments and monitoring, risk assessments, human
oversight, security and accuracy, and proposes fines for breach of up to 6 of worldwide annual turnover. In addition, on September 28,
2022, the European Commission proposed the AI Liability Directive and the revised Product Liability Directive seeking to establish a harmonized
civil liability regime for AI in the European Union in order to facilitate civil claims in respect of harm caused by AI and to include
AI-enabled products within the scope of the European Union s existing product liability regime. If enacted, this regulatory framework
is expected to have a material impact on the way AI is regulated in the European Union, and together with developing guidance and/or decisions
in this area, may affect Renovaro Cube s use of AI and its ability to provide and to improve its services, require additional compliance
measures and changes to its operations and processes, result in increased compliance costs and potential increases in civil claims against
Renovaro Cube, and could adversely affect its business, operations and financial condition. 

On October
30, 2023, the Biden administration issued an Executive Order on the Safe, Secure and Trustworthy Development and Use of AI, emphasizing
the need for transparency, accountability, and fairness in the development and use of AI, including in the healthcare industry. The order
seeks to balance fostering innovation with addressing risks associated with AI by providing eight guiding principles and priorities, such
as ensuring that consumers are protected from fraud, discrimination, and privacy risks related to AI. The order also calls for future
regulations from various agencies, such as the Department of Commerce (to draft guidance for detecting and authenticating AI content)
and the Federal Trade Commission (to ensure fair competition and reduce consumer harm). In alignment with the order, other agencies have
published guidance. Other jurisdictions may decide to adopt similar or more restrictive legislation that may render the use of such technologies
challenging. 

The FTC
has issued a report expressing a concern regarding AI and bias across industry sectors, including in the healthcare space, and has suggested
that such bias could lead to unfair and deceptive practices, among other concerns. Any changes to our ability to use AI or concerns about
bias could require us to modify our products and services or could have other negative financial impact on our business. 

These
compliance obligations may make it harder for us to conduct our business using AI, lead to regulatory fines or penalties, require us to
change our product offerings or business practices, or prevent or limit our use of AI. If we cannot use AI, or if our use of AI is restricted,
our business may be less efficient, or we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Though we have taken steps to be thoughtful in our development,
training, and implementation of machine learning, including taking steps to comply with the laws and frameworks discussed above, our machine
learning-related processing could pose certain risks to our end-users, including patients, clinicians, and healthcare institutions, and
it is not guaranteed that regulators will agree with our approach to limiting these risks or to our compliance more generally. Any of
these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

34 

The results of pre-clinical
studies or earlier clinical studies are not necessarily predictive of future results, and if we fail to demonstrate efficacy in our pre-clinical
studies and/or clinical trials in the future our future business prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially
adversely affected. 

The success of our therapeutic
research and development efforts will depend upon our ability to demonstrate the efficacy of the treatments in our pipeline in pre-clinical
studies, as well as in clinical trials following IND approval by the FDA. Pre-clinical studies involve testing potential product candidates
in appropriate non-human disease models to demonstrate efficacy and safety. 

Success in pre-clinical studies
does not ensure that later clinical studies will generate adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of an investigational drug.
Currently, several of our product candidates, including RENB-DC-11, our genetically-modified allogeneic dendritic therapeutic vaccination
platform for solid tumors, and RENB-HV-12, our therapeutic HIV vaccine, are currently in various stages of pre-clinical development with
ongoing and planned pre-clinical studies in conjunction with research institutions and third parties. Despite preliminary data we believe
is positive, this does not guarantee that any of these products will proceed to the clinical stage or to approval for commercial use.
A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, including those with greater resources and experience than us,
have suffered significant setbacks in clinical studies, even after seeing promising results in earlier preclinical or clinical studies. 

Regulatory agencies evaluate non-clinical
data carefully before they will approve clinical testing in humans. If certain non-clinical data reveals potential safety issues or the
results are inconsistent with an expectation of the potential product candidates efficacy in humans, the regulatory agencies may
require additional more rigorous testing before allowing human clinical trials. This additional testing will increase program expenses
and extend timelines. We may decide to suspend further testing on our potential products or abandon the product lines altogether if, in
the judgment of our management and advisors, the pre-clinical test results do not support further development, as we did with our pan-coronavirus
and influenza product lines. 

Our novel gene, cell and
immunotherapy product candidates and new therapeutic approaches could result in heightened regulatory scrutiny, delays in clinical development
or delays in our ability to achieve regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates. 

Renovaro Biosciences future
success is dependent on the successful development of novel gene, cell and immunotherapy product candidates. Because these programs, particularly
our pipeline of allogeneic T-cell product candidates that are bioengineered from healthy donor cells, represent a new approach to immunotherapy
for the treatment of cancer and other diseases, developing and commercializing our product candidates subject us to a number of challenges. 

Moreover, actual or perceived safety
issues, including adoption of new therapeutics or novel approaches to treatment, may adversely influence the willingness of subjects to
participate in clinical studies, or if approved by applicable regulatory authorities, of physicians to subscribe to the novel treatment
mechanics. The FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities may ask for specific post-market requirements, and additional information
informing benefits or risks of our products may emerge at any time prior to or after regulatory approval. 

We face significant competition
in an environment of rapid technological change and there is the possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before
us or develop therapies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability
to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates. 

The development of treatments in
the fields of cancer and HIV is highly competitive and many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental
agencies, and other public and private research organizations may pursue the research and development of technologies, drugs or other
therapeutic products for the treatment of some or all of the diseases we are targeting. Nearly all of our competitors have greater capital
resources, larger overall research and development staffs and facilities, and a longer history in drug discovery and development, obtaining
regulatory approval and pharmaceutical product manufacturing and marketing than we do. Techniques in gene, cell and immunotherapy are
subject to rapid technological change and development and are significantly affected by existing rival products and medical procedures,
new product introductions and the market activities of other participants. With additional resources, our competitors may be able to respond
to rapid and significant technological changes faster than we can. The future success of Renovaro Biosciences will depend in large part
on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these technologies. We may also face competition from products, which
have already been approved and accepted by the medical community for the treatment of these same indications. If we are unable to compete
effectively with any existing products, new treatment methods and new technologies, we may be unable to commercialize therapeutic products
that we may develop in the future, which could adversely impact our potential revenues, results of operations and financial condition
or lead to abandonment of product candidates in our pipeline. 

35 

Our reliance on third parties,
such as university laboratories, contract manufacturing organizations and contract or clinical research organizations, may result in delays
in completing, or a failure to complete, non-clinical testing or clinical trials if they fail to perform under our agreements with them. 

In the course of the development
of our pipeline, we have and expect to continue to engage university laboratories, non-profit organizations, independent contractors,
other biotechnology companies or clinical manufacturing organizations to conduct and manage research and development, pre-clinical and
clinical studies and to manufacture materials for us to be used in pre-clinical and clinical testing. Due to engagements with these organizations,
many important aspects of our research have been and will be out of our direct control. If any of these organizations we may engage in
the future, fail to perform their obligations under our agreements with them or fail to perform non-clinical testing and/or clinical trials
in a satisfactory manner, we may face delays in completing our clinical trials, as well as commercialization of any of our product candidates.
Furthermore, any loss or delay in obtaining contracts with such entities may also delay the completion of our clinical trials, regulatory
filings and the potential market approval of our product candidates. 

Changes in healthcare law
and implementing regulations, including government restrictions on pricing and reimbursement, as well as healthcare policy, may negatively
impact our ability to generate revenues. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of proposed legislative and regulatory changes related to the
healthcare system that could affect our ability to profitably sell or commercialize our product candidates for which we obtain marketing
approval in the future. The potential pricing and reimbursement environment for our product candidates may change in the future and become
more challenging due to, among other reasons, policies advanced by the current or any new presidential administration, federal agencies,
healthcare legislation passed by Congress, or fiscal challenges faced by all levels of government health administration authorities, or
by similar changes in foreign countries. The implementation of any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, including our share price and ability to raise capital. 

We have limited experience
in drug development and may not be able to successfully develop any drugs, which would cause us to cease operations. 

We have never successfully developed
a new drug and brought it to market. Our management and clinical teams have experience in drug development, but they may not be able to
successfully develop any drugs. Our ability to achieve revenues and profitability in our business will depend on, among other things,
our ability to develop products internally or to obtain rights to them from others on favorable terms; complete laboratory testing and
human studies; obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to our products; successfully complete regulatory review to
obtain requisite governmental agency approvals; enter into arrangements with third parties to manufacture our products on our behalf;
and enter into arrangements with third parties to provide sales and marketing functions. If we are unable to achieve these objectives,
we will be forced to cease operations. 

Disruptions at the FDA and
other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key
leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely
manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by
a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, the ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment
of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result.
In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political
process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 

36 

Our gene therapy product candidates
are still in development and will require extensive clinical testing before we are prepared to submit an application for marketing approval
to regulatory authorities. We cannot predict with any certainty if or when we might submit any such application for regulatory approval
for our product candidates or whether any such application will be approved by the applicable regulatory authority in our target markets.
Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements.
For instance, regulatory authorities may not agree with our proposed endpoints for any clinical trials of our gene therapy product candidates,
which may delay the commencement of our clinical trials. 

Clinical trials are expensive,
time-consuming, difficult to design and implement, and involve an uncertain outcome. 

Our therapeutic product candidates are still in development and will require
extensive clinical testing before we are prepared to submit an application for marketing approval to regulatory authorities. We cannot
predict with any certainty if or when we might submit any such application for regulatory approval of our product candidates or whether
any such application will be approved by the applicable regulatory authority in our target markets. Human clinical trials are expensive
and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. For instance, regulatory
authorities may not agree with our proposed endpoints for any clinical trials of our product candidates, which may delay the commencement
of our clinical trials. The clinical trial process is also time-consuming. We estimate that clinical trials of our product candidates
will take at least several years to complete. 

A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical
industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding
promising results in earlier trials, and in the regulatory approval process. In addition, the design of a clinical trial, such as endpoints,
inclusion and exclusion criteria, statistical analysis plans, data access protocols and trial sizing, can determine whether its results
will support approval of a product and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well
advanced. If we experience delays in the commencement or completion of our clinical trials, or if we terminate a clinical trial prior
to completion, the commercial prospects of our product candidates could be harmed, and our ability to generate revenues may be delayed.
In addition, any delays in our clinical trials could increase our costs, cause a drop in our stock price, slow down the approval process
and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Enrollment and retention
of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple
factors outside our control. 

We may encounter delays in enrolling,
or be unable to enroll, a sufficient number of patients to complete any of our clinical trials, and even once enrolled we may be unable
to retain a sufficient number of patients to complete any of our trials. Patient enrollment and retention in clinical trials depends on
many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the trial protocol, the effectiveness of our patient recruitment
efforts, delays in enrollment due to travel or quarantine policies, the existing body of safety and efficacy data with respect to the
study candidate, the perceived risks and benefits of gene therapy approaches for the treatment of certain diseases, the number and nature
of competing existing treatments for our target indications, the number and nature of ongoing trials for other product candidates in development
for our target indications, perceived risk of the delivery procedure, patients with pre-existing conditions that preclude their participation
in any trial, the proximity of patients to clinical sites and the eligibility criteria for the study. Furthermore, the results we have
reported in clinical trials to date and any other results we may report in clinical trials of any of our gene therapy product candidates
in the future may make it difficult or impossible to recruit and retain patients in other clinical trials of those gene therapy product
candidates. Similarly, negative results reported by our competitors about their product candidates may negatively affect patient recruitment
in our clinical trials. Delays or failures in planned patient enrollment or retention may result in increased costs, program delays or
both, which could have a harmful effect on our ability to develop our gene therapy product candidates or could render further development
impossible. In addition, we expect to rely on clinical trial sites to ensure proper and timely conduct of our future clinical trials and,
while we intend to enter into agreements governing their services, we will be limited in our ability to control their actual performance. 

37 

Risks Related to Our Technology and Intellectual
Property 

We have licensed a portion
of our intellectual property from our licensors. If we breach any of our license agreements with these licensors, or otherwise experience
disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business. 

We hold rights under license agreements
with our licensors that are important to our business. Our research and development platform is built, in part, around patent rights licensed
from such licensors. Under our existing license agreements, we are subject to various obligations, including diligence obligations with
respect to development and commercialization activities, provision of support with respect to development of licensed intellectual property,
prosecution of intellectual property protection, payment obligations upon achievement of certain milestones and royalties on product sales.
In spite of our efforts, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our obligations under such license agreements and
might therefore terminate the license agreements, thereby removing or limiting our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology
covered by these license agreements. If any of these licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended
exclusivity, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical
to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of product candidates covered by any such licenses. Any
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. 

Moreover, disputes may arise regarding
intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 

the
 scope of rights granted under license agreements and other interpretation-related issues; 

payment
 obligations due to licensors under license agreements and other disputes related to the obligations for payment related to intellectual
 property protection; 

the
 extent to which our product candidates, technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of a licensor that is not subject
 to a licensing agreement; 

the
 sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

our
 diligence obligations under license agreements and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the
 inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors
 and us; and 

the
 priority of invention of patented technology. 

In addition, the agreements under
which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements
may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. 

The resolution of any contract
interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property
or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over
intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable
terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

If we do not obtain required intellectual property
licenses or rights, we could encounter delays in our product development efforts while we attempt to design around other patents or even
be prohibited from developing, manufacturing or selling products requiring these rights or licenses. There is also a risk that legal disputes
may arise as to the rights to technology developed in collaboration with other parties, all with attendant risk, distraction, expense,
and lack of predictability. 

38 

If we are unable to obtain
and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection
is not sufficiently broad, our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully and to compete effectively may be adversely
affected. 

We rely upon a combination of patents,
trademarks, trade secrets and confidentiality agreements either that we own or possess or that are owned or possessed by our licensors
that are licensed to us to protect the intellectual property related to our technology and product candidates. When we refer to
 our technologies, inventions, patents, provisional patents, patent applications or other intellectual property rights, we
are referring to both the rights that we own or possess as well as those that we license, many of which are critical to our intellectual
property protection and our business. For example, the product candidates and platform technology we have licensed from our licensors
are protected primarily by patent or patent applications of our licensors that we have licensed and as confidential know-how and trade
secrets. If the intellectual property that we rely on is not adequately protected, competitors may be able to use our technologies and
erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have. 

The patentability of inventions
and the validity, enforceability and scope of patents in the biotechnology field is uncertain because it involves complex legal, scientific
and factual considerations, and it has in recent years been the subject of significant litigation. Moreover, the standards applied by
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and non-U.S. patent offices in granting patents are not always applied uniformly or predictably.
For example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable in biotechnology
patents. 

There is no assurance that all
potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications is known to us or has been found in the instances where
searching was done. We may be unaware of prior art that could be used to invalidate an issued patent or prevent a pending patent application
from issuing as a patent. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability
of a claim of one of our patents or patent applications, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability
of such claim. We also may not be able to obtain full patent protection from provisional patents for which we have sought or will seek
further patent protection. As a consequence of these and other factors, our patent applications may fail to result in issued patents with
claims that cover our product candidates in the U.S. or in other countries. 

Even if patents have issued or
do successfully issue from patent applications, and even if these patents cover our product candidates, third parties may challenge the
validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in these patents being narrowed, invalidated or held to be unenforceable.
No assurance can be given that if challenged, our patents would be declared by a court to be valid or enforceable. 

Even if unchallenged, our patents
and patent applications or other intellectual property rights may not adequately protect our intellectual property, provide exclusivity
for our product candidates or prevent others from designing around our claims. The possibility exists that others will develop products
on an independent basis which have the same effect as our product candidates and which do not infringe our patents or other intellectual
property rights, or that others will design around the claims of patents that we have had issued that cover our product candidates. If
the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications with respect to our product candidates is threatened,
it could jeopardize our ability to commercialize our product candidates and dissuade companies from collaborating with us. 

We may also desire to seek a license
from a third party who owns intellectual property that may be useful for providing exclusivity for our product candidates, or for providing
the ability to develop and commercialize a product candidate in an unrestricted manner. There is no guarantee that we will be able to
obtain a license from such a third party on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

In addition, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary,
fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured
by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. 

39 

We and our licensors have filed
a number of patent applications covering our product candidates or methods of using or making those product candidates. We cannot offer
any assurances about which, if any, patents will be issued with respect to these pending patent applications, the breadth of any such
patents that are ultimately issued or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third
parties. Because patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, and some
remain so until issued, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to a product
candidate. We or our licensors may also become involved in proceedings regarding our patents, including patent infringement lawsuits,
interference or derivation proceedings, oppositions, and inter partes and post-grant review proceedings before the USPTO, the European
Patent Office and other non-U.S. patent offices. 

Third-party claims of intellectual
property infringement may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 

Our success will depend in part
on our ability to commercialize our product candidates without infringing the proprietary rights of others. While some of the intellectual
property utilized in our product candidates is owned, some is licensed from our licensors, who hold patents and provisional patents in
their names. We have not conducted extensive freedom of use patent searches and no assurance can be given that patents do not exist or
could be issued which would have an adverse effect on our ability to market our technology or maintain our competitive position with respect
to our technology. We also cannot be sure that patents or provisional patents filed by others are valid or will be upheld if challenged.
It is possible that there are additional patents that may cover certain other aspects of technology used in our product candidates that
is not covered by our licensed intellectual property. If our licensed technology or other subject matter are claimed under other United
States patents or other international patents or are otherwise protected by third party proprietary rights, we or our licensors may be
subject to infringement actions. In such event, we may challenge the validity of such patents or other proprietary rights or we may be
required to obtain licenses from such companies in order to develop, manufacture or market our technology. There can be no assurances
that we would be successful in a challenge or be able to obtain such licenses or that such licenses, if available, could be obtained on
commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, the failure to succeed in a challenge, develop a commercially viable alternative or obtain
needed licenses could have significant adverse consequences to the development of our pipeline. Adverse consequences include delays in
marketing some or all of our product candidates based on our technology or the inability to proceed with the development, manufacture
or sale of products requiring such licenses. If we defend ourselves against charges of patent infringement or to protect our proprietary
rights against third parties, substantial costs will be incurred regardless of whether we are successful. Such proceedings are typically
protracted with no certainty of success. An adverse outcome could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties and force us
to curtail or cease the research and development of our technology. 

Parties making claims against us
may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product
candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial
diversion of resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial
damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties, redesign our infringing products
or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Additionally,
parties making claims against us may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they
have substantially greater resources. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure.
In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on
our ability to raise additional funds or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. 

Issues in the development
and use of AI, including machine learning and computer vision, in Renovaro Cube s AI platform may result in reputational harm
or liability. 

40 

AI is
integrated into Renovaro Cube s platform and is a significant element of its business offerings going forward. As with many developing
technologies, AI presents risks, challenges and unintended consequences that could affect its further development, adoption, and use,
and therefore Renovaro Cube s business. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed. Data sets may be insufficient, of
poor quality, or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users of
Renovaro Cube s systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. If the analyses that AI applications assist in producing are
deficient or inaccurate, Renovaro Cube could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm.
Some uses of AI present ethical issues, and Renovaro Cube s judgment as to the ethical concerns may not be perceived as accurate.
While Renovaro Cube aims to develop and use AI responsibly and attempts to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by
its use, Renovaro Cube may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. If Renovaro Cube uses AI as part of its
platform in a manner that is controversial or perceived as unethical, this may lead to adverse results for Renovaro Cube s financial
condition and operations or the financial condition and operations of its collaborators or vendors, which may further lead to Renovaro
Cube experiencing competitive harm, legal liability and brand or reputational harm. In addition, AI-related issues, deficiencies and/or
failures could give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, including with respect to proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions
such as the European Union and others, and as a result of new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property,
and other laws. 

Failure
of, or defects in, Renovaro Cube s machine learning and cloud-based computing infrastructure, or increased regulation
in the machine learning space, could impair Renovaro Cube s ability to process its data, develop products, or provide test results,
and harm its business and results of operations. 

The design,
development, maintenance and operation of Renovaro Cube s technology over time is expensive and complex, and may involve unforeseen
difficulties including material performance problems, undetected defects or errors. Overcoming technical obstacles and correcting defects
or errors could prove to be impossible or impracticable, and the costs incurred may be substantial and adversely affect Renovaro Cube s
results of operations. Additionally, regulation in the machine learning space is constantly evolving and may make it difficult for Renovaro
Cube to continue using its machine learning approach. If Renovaro Cube s technology does not function reliably, fails to meet expectations
in terms of performance, or cannot be fully utilized due to increasing regulation, Renovaro Cube may be unable to provide, or its customers
may stop using, its products. 

Renovaro
Cube currently hosts all of its data on, and conducts its data analysis through, local hosting facilities. Any technical problems
or outages that may arise in connection with these hosting facilities could result in the loss of Renovaro Cube s data or delayed
or ineffective data processing. A variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, malware, security
attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage, or denial of service issues could cause interruptions in Renovaro Cube s service. Such
service interruptions may reduce or inhibit Renovaro Cube s ability to provide its products, delay any further clinical validation
and any future clinical studies, and damage its relationships with its customers. Renovaro Cube could also be exposed to potential lawsuits,
liability claims or regulatory actions, if, for example, Renovaro Cube s local servers experienced a data privacy breach. If Renovaro
Cube was required to transfer its data to an alternative hosting provider, the transfer and acclimation to the new provider could result
in significant business delays and require additional resources. 

Real or perceived errors,
failures, or bugs in Renovaro Cube s platform and future products could adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial
condition, and growth prospects. 

Renovaro Cube s platform
is, and its future products will be, complex, and therefore, undetected errors, failures, bugs, or defects may be present in such platform
or products or occur in the future in its platform or products, its technology or software or the technology or software Renovaro Cube
licenses from third parties, including open source software, especially when updates or new products are released. Such software and technology
is used in information technology IT environments with different operating systems, system management software, devices,
databases, servers, storage, middleware, custom and third-party applications, and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause
errors, failures, bugs, or defects in the IT environment into which such software and technology is deployed. This diversity increases
the likelihood of errors, failures, bugs, or defects in those IT environments. Some of the features in Renovaro Cube s platform
are powered by machine learning and AI, which depend on datasets and algorithms that could be flawed, including through inaccurate,
insufficient, outdated, or biased data. Despite testing by Renovaro Cube, real or perceived errors, failures, bugs, or defects may not
be found until Renovaro Cube s customers use its products. Real or perceived errors, failures, bugs, or defects in Renovaro Cube s
products could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of its platform or future products and harm to its
brand, loss of investor confidence, weakening of its competitive position, claims by customers for losses sustained by them, or failure
to meet the stated service level commitments in its customer agreements. In such an event, Renovaro Cube may be required, or may choose,
for customer relations or other reasons, to expend significant additional resources in order to help correct the problem. Any real or
perceived errors, failures, bugs, or defects in Renovaro Cube s products could also impair its ability to attract new customers,
retain existing customers, or expand their use of its products, which would adversely affect Renovaro Cube s business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

41 

Renovaro Cube may also be subject
to liability claims for damages related to real or perceived errors, failures, bugs, or defects in its platform or future products. A
material liability claim or other occurrence that harms Renovaro Cube s reputation or decreases market acceptance of its platform
or future products may harm its business and results of operations. Finally, since some of Renovaro Cube s customers use its products
for compliance reasons, any errors, failures, bugs, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with Renovaro Cube s
products may damage its customers businesses and could hurt its reputation. 

Renovaro
Cube s internal computer systems, or those expected to be used by its third-party research institution collaborators or other contractors
or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches. 

Despite
the implementation of security and back-up measures, Renovaro Cube s internal computer, server and other information technology
systems as well as those of its third-party collaborators, consultants, contractors, suppliers and service providers, may be
vulnerable to damage from physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, denial of service and other cyber-attacks or
disruptive incidents that could result in unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of, corruption of, or loss of sensitive and/or proprietary
data, including personal and health information, and could subject Renovaro Cube to significant liabilities, regulatory and enforcement
actions and reputational damage. For example, the loss of clinical study data from future clinical studies could result in delays in any
regulatory clearance or approval efforts and significantly increase Renovaro Cube s costs to recover or reproduce the data, and
subsequently commercialize its future products. If Renovaro Cube or its third-party collaborators, consultants, contractors,
suppliers or service providers were to suffer an attack or breach, for example, that resulted in the unauthorized access to or use or
disclosure of personal or health information, Renovaro Cube may have to notify physicians, patients, partners, collaborators, government
authorities and the media, and may be subject to investigations, civil penalties, administrative and enforcement actions and litigation,
any of which could harm Renovaro Cube s business and reputation. Likewise, Renovaro Cube relies on its third-party research
institution collaborators and other third parties to conduct clinical validation, and similar events relating to their computer systems
could also have a material adverse effect on Renovaro Cube s business. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were
to result in a loss of, or damage to, Renovaro Cube s data or systems, or inappropriate or unauthorized access to or disclosure
or use of confidential, proprietary, or other sensitive, personal, or health information, Renovaro Cube could incur liability and suffer
reputational harm, and the development and commercialization of its products could be delayed. 

Renovaro
Cube s insurance policies may not be adequate to compensate it for the potential losses arising from such disruptions, failure,
or security breach. In addition, such insurance may not be available to Renovaro Cube in the future on economically reasonable terms,
or at all. Further, Renovaro Cube s insurance may not cover all claims made against it and defending a suit, regardless of its merit,
could be costly, divert management attention and harm Renovaro Cube s reputation. 

If
Renovaro Cube is unable to protect the confidentiality of its trade secrets, Renovaro Cube s business and competitive position would
be harmed. 

Renovaro
Cube relies on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect its know-how, technology, data and other proprietary information
and to maintain its competitive position. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. Renovaro Cube expects its
trade secrets and know-how to, over time, be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication
of journal articles describing the methodology and the movement of personnel from academic to industry scientific positions. 

42 

Renovaro
Cube seeks to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements with parties who have access to them, such as Renovaro Cube s employees, directors, corporate collaborators, outside
scientific collaborators, contract research organizations CROs ), contract manufacturers, suppliers, service providers,
consultants, advisors and other third parties. Renovaro Cube also enters into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements
with its employees and consultants, and reminds departing employees when they leave their employment of their continuing confidentiality
obligations. Renovaro Cube cannot guarantee that it has entered into such agreements with each party that may have, or have had, access
to Renovaro Cube s trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite Renovaro Cube s efforts, any of these parties
may breach the agreements and disclose Renovaro Cube s proprietary information, including Renovaro Cube s trade secrets, and
Renovaro Cube may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated
a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Some courts outside The Netherlands
are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. For example, in China, claims regarding infringement or misappropriation of trade
secrets are difficult to prove, and consequently plaintiffs are rarely successful in bringing these claims. If any of Renovaro Cube s
trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, Renovaro Cube would have no
right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with Renovaro Cube. If any of Renovaro Cube s trade secrets
were to be misappropriated by, disclosed to, or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, Renovaro Cube s competitive
position could be materially and adversely harmed. 

Renovaro
Cube has and may enter into collaboration, license, contract research and/or manufacturing relationships with contract organizations that
operate in certain countries that are at heightened risk of theft of technology, data and intellectual
property through direct intrusion by private parties or foreign actors, including those affiliated with or controlled by state actors.
Accordingly, Renovaro Cube s efforts to protect and enforce Renovaro Cube s intellectual property rights around the world
may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that Renovaro Cube develops or licenses,
and Renovaro Cube may be at heightened risk of losing its proprietary intellectual property rights around the world, including outside
of such countries, to the extent such theft or intrusion destroys the proprietary nature of its intellectual property. 

We
depend on our information technology and telecommunications systems and those of third parties, the failure or disruption of which could
harm our business. 

We depend
on information technology and telecommunications systems, including those provided by third parties and their vendors, for significant
elements of our operations, such as our information management systems, research and development, scientific and medical data analysis
and general administrative activities. In addition, our third-party service providers depend upon technology and telecommunications
systems provided by outside vendors. We expect to expand and strengthen a number of enterprise software systems that affect a broad range
of business processes and functions, including, for example, systems handling human resources, financial controls and reporting, customer
relationship management, regulatory compliance, security controls and other infrastructure operations. These expansions may prove more
difficult than we expect and could cause disruptions in our operations or additional expense. 

Information technology and telecommunications
systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and
natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and back-up measures, some of our servers are potentially vulnerable to
physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive events. Despite the precautionary measures we have
taken to detect and prevent or solve problems that could affect our information technology and telecommunications systems, failures or
significant downtime of these systems or those used by its third-party service providers and their vendors could prevent us
from conducting tests, preparing and providing our orts to future customers, billing payors, conducting research and development activities,
maintaining our financial controls and other reporting functions, and managing the administrative aspects of our business. In addition,
the loss of formulas or data from completed, ongoing or planned pre-clinical studies could result in delays in our regulatory approval
efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were
to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information,
we could incur liability and further development of our product candidates could be delayed. Any disruption or loss of information technology
or telecommunications systems on which critical aspects of our operations depend could have an adverse effect on our business. 

43 

Intellectual
property litigation may lead to unfavorable publicity that harms our reputation. 

During
the course of any intellectual property litigation, there could be public
announcements of the initiation of the litigation as well as results of hearings, rulings on motions and other interim proceedings in
the litigation. Such announcements could harm our reputation, the perceived value of our intellectual property or the potential market
for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Renovaro
Cube s success depends on its ability to develop and commercialize its technology without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise
violating the intellectual property of third parties. Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that Renovaro Cube is infringing
their intellectual property rights, and if they prevail, could block sales of Renovaro Cube s products and force Renovaro Cube to
make large damages and/or royalty payments, which could have a material adverse effect on the success of its business. 

Renovaro
Cube s commercial success in part depends upon its ability, and the ability of its collaborators, to market, sell and distribute
Renovaro Cube s products and use Renovaro Cube s proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise
violating the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the medical technology, biotechnology,
diagnostic and pharmaceutical industries. Renovaro Cube may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation
regarding intellectual property rights with respect to its products, including interference proceedings before the United Kingdom Intellectual
Property Office, the European Patent Office , the United States Patent and Trademark Office and similar bodies in other jurisdictions.
Third parties may assert infringement claims against Renovaro Cube based on existing patents or patents that may be issued in the future. 

If Renovaro
Cube is found to infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate a third party s intellectual property rights, it could be required
to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing, marketing, selling and distributing Renovaro Cube s products,
or to cease using the infringing technology. However, Renovaro Cube may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. Even if Renovaro Cube were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving Renovaro Cube s
competitors access to the same technologies licensed to Renovaro Cube. In addition, Renovaro Cube could be found liable for monetary damages,
including treble damages if it is found to have willfully infringed a patent and attorneys fees if the court finds the case to
be exceptional. A finding of infringement, misappropriation, or other violation could prevent Renovaro Cube from commercializing its products
or force Renovaro Cube to cease some of its operations, which could materially harm its business. Claims that Renovaro Cube has misappropriated
the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on Renovaro Cube s business. 

Even if
resolved in Renovaro Cube s favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause Renovaro
Cube to incur significant expenses and could distract Renovaro Cube s personnel from their normal responsibilities. Such litigation
or proceedings could substantially increase Renovaro Cube s operating losses and reduce the resources available for development
activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. Renovaro Cube may not have sufficient financial or other resources
to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of Renovaro Cube s competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such
litigation or proceedings more effectively than Renovaro Cube can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed
intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings
could have a material adverse effect on Renovaro Cube s ability to compete in the market place. 

Renovaro
Cube s use of open-source software could subject Renovaro Cube s proprietary technology to unwanted open-source license
conditions that could negatively impact its business. 

A portion
of Renovaro Cube s technology capabilities incorporates open-source software, and Renovaro Cube may incorporate open-source software
into other offerings or products in the future. If an author or other third party that distributed such open-source software
to Renovaro Cube were to allege that Renovaro Cube had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, Renovaro Cube
could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations. Further, the outcome of such litigation may
be particularly uncertain in some cases, because there is little legal precedent governing the interpretation of certain terms of common
open source licenses. In addition, if Renovaro Cube combines its proprietary software with open-source software in a certain
manner and makes it available to others, under some open-source licenses, it could be required to license or make available
the source code of its proprietary software, which could substantially help its competitors develop products that are similar to or better
than Renovaro Cube s and harm its business. 

44 

The
success and growth of Renovaro Cube s business depends upon its ability to continuously innovate and develop new products and technologies. 

Renovaro
Cube s solution is a technology-driven platform that relies on innovation to remain competitive. The process of developing new technologies
and products is complex, and Renovaro Cube has built and seeks to further develop its own technology using the latest in AI and
machine learning, cloud-based technologies and other tools to differentiate Renovaro Cube s products and technologies. In addition,
Renovaro Cube s dedication to incorporating technological advancements into its AI platform requires significant financial and personnel
resources and talent. Renovaro Cube s development efforts with respect to these initiatives could distract management from current
operations and could divert capital and other resources from other growth initiatives important to Renovaro Cube s business. Renovaro
Cube operates in an industry experiencing rapid technological change and frequent product introductions. Renovaro Cube may not be able
to make technological improvements as quickly as demanded by its customers, or Renovaro Cube may not be able to accurately predict the
demand or growth of its technological investments, which could harm its ability to attract customers and have a material and adverse effect
on its business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. In addition, Renovaro Cube may not be able to effectively
implement new technology-driven products and services as quickly as its competitors or be successful in marketing these products and services
to potential customers. If Renovaro Cube is unable to successfully and timely innovate, Renovaro Cube could experience reputational damage
and decreased demand for its AI platform and other products and technologies and its growth, business, results of operations, financial
condition and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Renovaro
Cube s AI platform and other related products may become obsolete due to fast growing technological innovations or the entry of
competitors with more financial and brand power. 

AI is a fast growing industry and
Renovaro Cube must successfully adapt and manage technological advancements in AI and AI-related markets, as well as effectively
compete with the emergence of additional competitors in the AI industry in order to maintain and grow Renovaro Cube s AI business
and products. Thus, the success of Renovaro Cube s AI platform, other products and business depends in large part on its ability
to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the development and implementation of AI products. For example, the development of groundbreaking
technological innovations in AI, or innovations that would render AI obsolete, would harm Renovaro Cube s business and make its
platform or other products less durable. Further, the entry of competitors into the AI market that have more financial and brand power
could cause Renovaro Cube s share of the market to be significantly reduced thereby negatively affecting its business, operating
results and financial condition. 

We may not be able to protect
our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting and defending
patents on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property
rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some
foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling
or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies
in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and may also export infringing products to
territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete
with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Risks Related to Employee
Matters and Managing Growth 

45 

We have limited corporate
infrastructure and may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

As of June 30, 2024, we had 25
full time employees. We rely on third-party contractors for the provision of professional, scientific, regulatory, and other services.
As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we may need additional managerial, scientific, operational, financial,
and other resources. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day operations
and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We might not be able to effectively manage the expansion
of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational inefficiencies, loss of business opportunities, loss
of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and
may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of our current and potential future product candidates. If
our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected and our ability to generate and
grow revenue could be reduced and we might not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance, our ability
to commercialize product candidates, develop a scalable infrastructure and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to
effectively manage any future growth. 

Management
and employee turnover creates uncertainties and could harm our business. 

We have
experienced significant turnover in our executive leadership and management in recent years. Changes to strategic or operating goals,
which oftentimes occur with the appointment of new executives and board members, can create uncertainty, may negatively impact our ability
to execute quickly and effectively, and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition, executive leadership transition periods are often
difficult as the new executives gain detailed knowledge of our operations, and friction can result from changes in strategy and management
style. Management turnover inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge, which can negatively affect strategy and execution.
Until we integrate new personnel, and unless they are able to succeed in their positions, we may be unable to successfully manage and
grow our business, and our financial condition and ability to become profitable may suffer. 

As we
continue our exploration of strategic alternatives, we may experience additional turnover in our board and senior management. Departures
of our management team and board members have created, and will create if they continue, significant continuity risks and challenges to
our ability to operate our business, assess and manage risks and comply with applicable laws. If key members of our senior management
team depart, it will be important that we attract and retain qualified managers promptly and develop and implement an effective succession
plan. We expect to face significant competition in attracting experienced executives and other key personnel, and there can be no assurance
that we will be able to do so. Further, to the extent we experience additional management turnover, competition for top management is
high and it may take months to find a candidate that meets our requirements. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified management
personnel, our business could suffer. 

We also
experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. Further, inflationary
pressure may increase our costs, including employee compensation costs or result in employee attrition to the extent our compensation
does not keep up with inflation, particularly if our competitors' compensation does. 

Renovaro
Cube is highly dependent on its key personnel. If Renovaro Cube is not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified
personnel, it may not be able to successfully implement its business strategy. 

Renovaro
Cube s ability to compete in the highly competitive AI-driven healthcare technology industry depends upon its ability to attract,
motivate and retain highly qualified personnel. Renovaro Cube is highly dependent on its executive management team and its scientific,
medical, technological and engineering personnel, all of whom have been working together as a group for only a limited period of time.
The loss of the services provided by any of Renovaro Cube s executive officers, other key employees and other scientific and medical
advisors, and Renovaro Cube s inability to find suitable replacements as needed, could result in delays in commercialization of
its products and harm its business. Renovaro Cube does not maintain key person insurance policies on the lives of these
individuals or the lives of any of its other employees. 

46 

Renovaro
Cube is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, a region in which many other healthcare companies, technology companies and academic
and research institutions are headquartered. Competition for personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high, which may limit Renovaro
Cube s ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. Renovaro Cube expects that it may need
to recruit talent from outside of its region, and doing so may be costly and difficult. If Renovaro Cube is unable to attract and retain
highly qualified personnel, its ability to develop and commercialize its products may be limited. 

If
Renovaro Cube is unable to scale its operations successfully to support demand for its products following the launch of its platform,
its business could suffer. 

As and
to the extent demand increases beyond Renovaro Cube s expectations following the launch of Renovaro Cube s platform, Renovaro
Cube will likely need to start to ramp up operating capacity. Renovaro Cube will need to implement new infrastructure, data processing
capabilities, customer service, billing and systems processes, and expand Renovaro Cube s internal quality assurance program and
technology to support operations on a larger scale. Renovaro Cube will also need collaboration arrangements with third-party laboratories
to process its physical tests or, if processing of such tests is not fully outsourced to support demand, will need to obtain equipment
and certified and licensed laboratory personnel to process these physical tests internally. Renovaro Cube may face difficulties increasing
the scale of its operations, including implementing changes in infrastructure or programs or acquiring additional equipment or personnel.
As Renovaro Cube refines its products and develops additional products, Renovaro Cube may need to introduce new equipment, implement
new systems, technology, controls and procedures, and hire personnel with different qualifications, licenses or certifications. 

The value
of Renovaro Cube s products will depend, in part, on Renovaro Cube s ability to perform tests, whether through a licensed
provider or internally, and return results to providers on a timely basis and at an appropriate quality standard, and on Renovaro Cube s
reputation for such timeliness and quality. Failure to establish necessary arrangements with licensed providers, to implement necessary
procedures, to transition to new equipment or processes, or to hire the appropriately qualified personnel could result in higher costs
of processing, longer turnaround times or an inability to meet market demand. There can be no assurance that Renovaro Cube or any such
licensed provider will be able to perform tests on a timely basis at a level consistent with demand, that Renovaro Cube will be able to
maintain the quality of its test results as Renovaro Cube scales its commercial operations, or that Renovaro Cube will be successful in
responding to the potential growing complexity of its operations, including the related data analysis requirements. 

In addition,
Renovaro Cube s growth may place a significant strain on its management, operating and financial systems, research and development,
and its sales, marketing, and administrative resources. As a result of Renovaro Cube s growth, its operating costs may escalate
even faster than planned, and some of its internal systems may need to be enhanced or replaced. If Renovaro Cube cannot effectively manage
its expanding operations and its costs, Renovaro Cube may not be able to grow successfully or it may grow at a slower pace, and its business
could be adversely affected. 

Renovaro
Cube will need to grow the size and capabilities of its organization, and it may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As of
June 30, 2024, Renovaro Cube had 12 full-time employees and seven independent contractors. As Renovaro Cube s growth plan and strategies
develop, it must add a significant number of additional managerial, operational, financial and other personnel. Future growth will impose
significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 

identifying,
 recruiting, integrating, retaining and motivating additional employees; 

managing
 its internal development efforts effectively, including creating compliant programs and processes, and managing the regulatory requirements
 for its products, while complying with its contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; 

expanding
 its operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures; and 

managing
 the increasing complexity associated with a larger organization and expanded operations. 

47 

Renovaro
Cube s future financial performance and its ability to commercialize its products will depend, in part, on its ability to effectively
manage any future growth. Renovaro Cube s management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities
in order to manage these growth activities. Renovaro Cube s ability to successfully manage its expected growth is uncertain given
the fact that Renovaro Cube has been in full operation as an independent company focusing on cancer diagnostics AI only since 2018. Renovaro
Cube s executive management team s lack of long-term experience working together may adversely impact their ability
to effectively manage its business and growth. 

If Renovaro
Cube is not able to effectively expand its organization by hiring new employees, it may not be able to successfully implement the tasks
necessary to commercialize its products, which would have a negative impact on Renovaro Cube s business and result of operations. 

Renovaro
Cube s employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper
activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 

Renovaro
Cube is exposed to the risk of fraud, misconduct, or other illegal activity by its employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial
partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and negligent conduct that fails to comply with
the rules and regulations of the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (the CMS ), the FDA, the EMA, the MRHA and
other comparable regulatory authorities; provide true, complete and accurate information to such regulatory authorities; comply with manufacturing
and clinical laboratory standards; comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United Kingdom, Europe and, in the future, the United
States and similar fraudulent misconduct laws; or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities
to Renovaro Cube. When Renovaro Cube begins commercializing its products in the United Kingdom and Europe and, in the future, the United
States, its potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and its costs associated with compliance with such laws are
also likely to increase. In particular, research, sales, marketing, education and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry
are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices, as well as off-label product
promotion. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, educating, marketing and promotion,
sales and commission, certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws
also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical validation, which could result in regulatory sanctions
and cause serious harm to Renovaro Cube s reputation. Renovaro Cube has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is
not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions Renovaro Cube takes to detect
and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting Renovaro Cube from
governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws. If any such actions
are instituted against Renovaro Cube, and Renovaro Cube is not successful in defending itself or asserting its rights, those actions could
have a significant impact on Renovaro Cube s business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. Even if
it is later determined after an action is instituted against Renovaro Cube that Renovaro Cube was not in violation of these laws, Renovaro
Cube may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending its actions and have to divert significant management
resources from other matters. 

Risks Related To Our Business Operations 

Our business plan may lead
to the initiation of one or more product development programs, the discontinuation of one or more development programs, or the execution
of one or more transactions that investors do not agree with or that investors do not perceive as favorable to their investment in our
Common Stock. 

We are pursuing a strategy to, dependent upon raising sufficient funding to
do so, leverage our clinical experience and expertise for the clinical development and regulatory approval of our gene therapy product
candidates and advance our AI-driven healthcare technology. As part of our ongoing business strategy, we continue to explore potential
opportunities to acquire or license new product candidates and to collaborate on our existing products in development. We cannot be certain
that our product candidates will be successfully developed, or that the early clinical trial results of our therapeutic product candidates
will be predictive of future clinical trial results. During 2022, we decided to abandon our pan-coronavirus and influenza pipelines as
the results did not support further development. We again may determine at any time that one or more of our in-licensed product candidates
is not suitable for continued development due to cost, feasibility of obtaining regulatory approvals or any other reason, and may terminate
the related license. 

Our business plan requires us to
be successful in a number of challenging, uncertain and risky activities, including pursuing development of our gene therapy product candidates
in indications for which we have limited or no human clinical data, designing and executing a nonclinical and/or clinical development
program for our product candidates, building internal or outsourced gene therapy capabilities, converting early stage gene therapy research
efforts into clinical development opportunities, identifying additional promising new assets for development that are available for acquisition
or in-license and that fit our strategic focus and identifying potential partners to collaborate on our products. We may not be successful
at one or more of the activities required for us to execute this business plan. In addition, we may consider other strategic alternatives,
such as mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, partnerships and collaborations. We cannot be sure when or if any type of
transaction will result. Even if we pursue a transaction, such transaction may not be consistent with our stockholders expectations
or may not ultimately be favorable for our stockholders, either in the shorter or longer term. 

48 

Our growth prospects and the future
value of our Company are primarily dependent on the progress of our ongoing and planned development programs for our product candidates
as well as the outcome of our ongoing business development efforts and pipeline progression, together with the amount of our remaining
available cash. The development of our product candidates and the outcome of our ongoing business development efforts and pipeline are
highly uncertain. We expect to continue to reassess and make changes to our existing development programs and pipeline strategy. Our plans
for our development programs may be affected by the results of competitors clinical trials of product candidates addressing our
current target indications, and our business development efforts and pipeline progression may also be affected by the results of competitors 
ongoing research and development efforts. We may modify, expand or terminate some or all our development programs, clinical trials or
collaborative research programs at any time as a result of new competitive information or as the result of changes to our product pipeline
or business development strategy. 

If serious adverse events
or other undesirable side effects or safety concerns attributable to our product candidates occur, they may adversely affect or delay
our clinical development and commercialization of some or all of our product candidates. 

Undesirable side effects or safety
concerns caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt our clinical trials and
could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval. If treatment-related serious adverse events SAEs or other undesirable side effects or safety concerns, or unexpected characteristics attributable to our product candidates are observed
in any future clinical trials, they may adversely affect or delay our clinical development and commercialization of the effected product
candidate, and the occurrence of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial prospects. Results of
our future clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of adverse side effects. In such an event, our
trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or other regulatory agency could order us to cease further development of or deny
approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment
or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. 

Additionally, if any of our product
candidates receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects or safety concerns caused
by these product candidates, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities
 may withdraw, suspend, or limit approvals of such products and require us to take them off the market; 

regulatory authorities
 may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication or field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

regulatory authorities
 may require a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, or that we implement a REMS
 or REMS-like plan to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh its risks; 

49 

we may be required to change
 the way a product is distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials, or change the labeling of a product; 

we may be required to conduct additional post-marketing
 studies or surveillance; 

we may be subject to limitations on how we may promote
 the product; 

sales of the product may decrease significantly; 

we may be subject to regulatory investigations, 

we may be subject to government enforcement actions,
 litigation, or product liability claims; and 

our products may become less competitive, or our reputation
 may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent
us or any collaborators from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our product candidates or could substantially increase commercialization
costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating revenue from the sale of our product candidates. 

Renovaro
Cube s business is subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations. 

Renovaro
Cube s business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. For example, some of Renovaro Cube s
suppliers and parties with whom it has collaborative relationships are located outside of the Netherlands, including in the United Kingdom
and Israel. Accordingly, Renovaro Cube s future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 

economic
 weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

challenges
 enforcing its contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign jurisdictions that do not respect and protect
 intellectual property rights to the same extent as the Netherlands; 

changes
 in foreign laws, regulations and customs, tariffs and trade barriers; 

changes
 in foreign currency exchange rates; 

changes
 in a specific countries or region s political or economic environment; 

negative
 consequences from changes in tax laws; 

trade
 protection measures, import or export licensing requirements or other restrictive actions by the Netherlands or foreign governments; 

compliance
 with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

workforce
 uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the Netherlands; 

difficulties
 associated with staffing and managing international operations, including differing labor relations; and 

business
 interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, pandemics, or natural disasters, including
 earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires. 

50 

If
we are sued for product or professional liability, we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources. 

Renovaro
Cube s business depends upon its ability to obtain reliable and accurate test results that incorporate rapidly evolving understanding
of how to interpret minute signals detected by Renovaro Cube s assays as indications of potential presence of disease. Actual or
perceived errors resulting from laboratory or reporting errors, false positive or false negative test results, or the manufacture, design,
or labelling of Renovaro Cube s products, could subject Renovaro Cube to product liability or professional liability claims. A product
liability or professional liability claim against Renovaro Cube could result in substantial damage and be costly and time-consuming to
defend. Any liability claim brought against Renovaro Cube, with or without merit, could increase its insurance rates or prevent it from
securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any liability lawsuit could damage Renovaro Cube s reputation or force
it to delay or suspend sales of its products. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on Renovaro Cube s
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile
and may decline regardless of our operating performance. 

Our stock price has fluctuated in the past and can be expected to be volatile
in the future. From October 2, 2023, through October 2, 2024, the reported sale price of our Common Stock has fluctuated between 5.18
and 0.46 per share. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology and technology companies in particular have experienced
extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility,
investors may experience losses on their investment in our Common Stock. The market price of our Common Stock may be influenced by many
factors, including the following: 

negative publicity; 

our compliance with Nasdaq
 rules and regulations; 

the success of competitive
 products or technologies; 

regulatory actions with
 respect to our product candidates or products or our competitors product candidates or products; 

actual or anticipated changes
 in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations, or capital commitments; 

results
 of clinical studies of our product candidates or those of our competitors; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the U.S. and other countries; 

developments
 or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the level of expenses related
 to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs; 

the results of our efforts
 to in-license or acquire additional product candidates or products; 

actual or anticipated changes
 in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

variations in our financial
 results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

51 

fluctuations in the valuation
 of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

inconsistent trading volume
 levels of our shares; 

announcement or expectation
 of additional financing efforts; 

sales of our Common Stock
 by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; 

market conditions in the
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

general economic, industry
 and market conditions; and 

the other risks described
 in this Risk Factors section. 

In addition, the stock markets in general, and the markets for biotechnology,
pharmaceutical and technology stocks in particular, have experienced significant volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our
Common Stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 

A significant portion of our Common
Stock is held in restricted form, and consequentially a minority of our outstanding Common Stock actively trades in the public markets.
Sales of a substantial number of such shares of our Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. While a large majority
of such shares are unregistered and subject to volume restrictions on sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, these restrictions
could be lifted if any of our stockholders ceased to be bound by such restrictions. These sales, or the perception in the market that
the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Common Stock. 

We have incurred and will
continue to incur increased costs as a result of being a public company and our management expects to devote substantial time to public
company compliance programs. 

As a public company, we have incurred
and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act, which require, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business
and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market
to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment
and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. As a Smaller Reporting Company
and Non-accelerated Filer, we are able to take advantage of certain accommodations afforded to such companies, including being exempt
from the requirement to conduct an audit of our internal controls. In the event we no longer qualify as a Smaller Reporting Company and
Non-accelerated Filer, we will lose such accommodations, which could involve significant costs that could affect our operations. Changes
in reporting requirements, the current political environment and the potential for future regulatory reform may lead to substantial new
regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business
in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 

The rules and regulations applicable
to public companies have substantially increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming
and costly. To the extent these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

52 

Because we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be the sole source of potential
gain for our stockholders. 

We have never declared or paid
cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development
of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Common Stock will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders for
the foreseeable future. 

Future sales and issuances
of our Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution
of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We expect that significant additional
capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To raise capital, we may sell substantial amounts of Common Stock
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner, we determine from
time to time. These future issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock-related securities, together with the exercise of outstanding options
or warrants, and any additional shares that may be issued in connection with acquisitions or licenses, if any, may result in material
dilution to our investors. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain
rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Stock. Pursuant to our equity incentive plans, our Compensation
Committee is authorized to grant equity-based incentive awards to our employees, non-employee directors and consultants. Future grants
of RSUs, options and other equity awards and issuances of Common Stock under our equity incentive plans will result in dilution and may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

Some terms of our charter
documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition
would be beneficial to our stockholders and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation,
and our Bylaws, as well as Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring
us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, or remove our current management. These include terms that: 

permit our Board of Directors
 to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences, and privileges as they may designate; 

provide that all vacancies
 on our Board of Directors, including as a result of newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled
 by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

provide that stockholders
 seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of
 stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s
 notice; and 

do not provide for cumulative
 voting rights, thereby allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote in any election of directors
 to elect all of the directors standing for election. 

Any of the factors listed above
may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for
stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors, who are responsible for appointing the members of our management. 

In addition, because we are incorporated
in Delaware, we are governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may discourage, delay or prevent someone from
acquiring us or merging with us whether or not it is desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. Under Delaware law, a corporation may
not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock
for three years or, among other things, the Board of Directors has approved the transaction. Any term of our Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders
to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our
Common Stock. 

53 

1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 

Renovaro has established a comprehensive cybersecurity
risk management program aimed at safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our essential systems and information.
Central to our cybersecurity efforts is a robust incident response plan designed to address potential cyber incidents swiftly and effectively. 

In designing and evaluating our cybersecurity initiatives,
we have adopted the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF 2.0) as a guiding principle. It's
important to clarify that our use of the NIST CSF 2.0 is for guidance purposes to frame our risk identification, assessment, and management
processes and does not equate to compliance with any specific technical standards or requirements. 

Our cybersecurity framework is seamlessly integrated
broader enterprise risk management strategy, sharing methodologies, reporting mechanisms, and governance structures with other risk domains
including legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risks. 

Key components of our cybersecurity risk management program
include: 

Conducting risk assessments to pinpoint material cybersecurity
threats to our critical systems, data, products, services, and overall IT infrastructure. 
 
 A dedicated security team overseeing the risk assessment
processes, maintenance of security controls, and coordination of responses to cybersecurity incidents. 
 
 Engagement with external service providers to evaluate,
enhance, or support our security measures. 
 
 Comprehensive cybersecurity training programs for employees,
incident responders, and senior management to foster a culture of security awareness. 
 
 An incident response plan outlining specific procedures
for managing cybersecurity incidents. 
 
 A thorough third-party risk management process to evaluate
and manage risks associated with service providers, suppliers, and vendors. 

To date, we have not identified any cybersecurity
threats or past incidents that have had, or are likely to have, a material impact on our company's operations, business strategy, financial
performance, or results of operations. 

Cybersecurity Governance: 

The governance of cybersecurity risks is
a critical function of our Board of Directors, with the Audit Committee (the "Committee") playing a key role in the oversight
of cybersecurity and related technology risks. The Committee is tasked with monitoring the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management
program as implemented by management. 

The Committee receives regular updates from
management on the state of cybersecurity risks facing the company. This includes briefings on any significant cyber incidents and ongoing
risk management efforts. These updates enable the Committee to provide informed reports on cybersecurity matters to the full Board. 

Our Board is actively involved in our cybersecurity
oversight, receiving detailed briefings from the Head of IT, internal technology teams, or external cybersecurity experts. These sessions
are part of the Board's commitment to continuous learning and staying informed about issues critical to public companies, including cybersecurity. 

The responsibility for day-to-day management of cybersecurity
risks lies with our management team, including the Chief Financial Officer. This team is at the forefront of our cybersecurity initiatives,
coordinating both internal and external resources to anticipate, identify, and mitigate cyber threats. Our approach includes regular updates
from internal security teams, leveraging intelligence from various sources, and utilizing advanced security tools to protect our digital
environment. 

54 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company currently leases the following properties: 

Location 
 
 Use 
 
 Terms 
 
 2080 Century Park East, Suite 906 
 Los Angeles, CA 90067 
 
 Headquarters 
 
 The
 Company entered into a Lease Agreement on June 19, 2018 for our corporate headquarters located at Century City Medical Plaza.
 We have a ten-year lease that was for approximately 2,453 square feet at this location. In February 2019, we extended our corporate
 headquarters to encompass the adjoining suite for approximately 1,101 square feet, bringing the total workspace to 3,554 square
 feet. The new base rent for this leased premises increases by 3 each year over the term, and ranges from 17,770 per month as
 of the date of the amendment until the end of the first year to 23,186 per month for the tenth year. The additional suite was
 in the form of an amendment to the original lease and will expire on the same date as the original lease. The Company was entitled
 to a total of 148,168 in contributions toward tenant improvements for both spaces. 

Fred.
 Roeskestraat 115 
 
 1076
 EE Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
 Renovaro Cube 
 
 Renovaro
 Cube leases an office facility in Amsterdam, Netherlands, under a 30-month operating lease agreement commencing on September
 1, 2023, with a maturity date of February 28, 2026. In determining lease asset values, the Company considers fixed and variable
 payment terms, prepayments, incentives, and options to extend, terminate or purchase. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Securities Class Action Litigation .
On July 26, 2022 and July 28, 2022, securities class action complaints (the former, the Chow Action and the latter, the
 Manici Action were filed by purported stockholders of the Company in the United States District Court for the Central District
of California against the Company and certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors. The complaints allege,
among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule
10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements and omissions of material fact in connection with the Company s relationship
with Serhat G mr kc and its commercial prospects. The complaints seek unspecified damages, interest, fees, and costs.
On November 22, 2022, the Manici Action was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice, but the Chow action remains pending. On October
22, 2023, the Court appointed a lead plaintiff in the Chow Action. The lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint on December 15, 2023.
The Company has filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on March 15, 2024. The Court denied the Company s motion to dismiss
on June 28, 2024. A mediation was held on September 17, 2024, and the parties have come to an agreement in principle to settle the class
action. 

Federal Derivative Litigation .
On September 22, 2022, Samuel E. Koenig filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District
of California. On January 19, 2023, John Solak filed a substantially similar shareholder derivative action in the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware. Both derivative actions recite similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action
Litigation. The actions, filed on behalf of the Company, name Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s current
and former directors as defendants. The actions also name the Company as a nominal defendant. The actions allege violations of Sections
14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also set out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification,
aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiffs do not quantify any alleged injury, but seek damages, disgorgement, restitution,
and other costs and expenses. On January 24, 2023, the United States District Court for the Central District of California stayed the
Koenig matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On
April 4, 2023, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware stayed the Solak matter pending resolution of the defendants 
anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On June 28, 2024, the United States District Court for the Central
District of California denied defendants motion to dismiss the Securities Class Action Litigation. The deadline for the parties
to file a proposed schedule or to continue the stay or proceedings in the Koenig matter is October 21, 2024. The deadline for the parties
to file a proposed schedule or to continue the stay or proceedings in the Solak matter is October 22, 2024. The defendants have not yet
responded to either complaint. The Company intends to contest these matters but expresses no opinion as to the likelihood of favorable
outcomes. Management is unable to determine the likelihood of a loss, including a possible range of losses, if any, arising from this
matter as of the reporting date. 

55 

State Derivative Litigation .
On October 20, 2022, Susan Midler filed a shareholder derivative action in the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County, reciting
similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation. The action, filed on behalf of the Company, names
Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s current and former directors as defendants. The action also names the
Company as a nominal defendant. The action sets out claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and
abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiff does not quantify any alleged injury, but seeks damages, disgorgement, restitution, and other
costs and expenses. On January 20, 2023, the Court stayed the Midler matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion
to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On June 28, 2024, the United States District Court for the Central District of California
denied defendants motion to dismiss the Securities Class Action Litigation. The deadline for the parties to file a proposed schedule
or to continue the stay or proceedings in the Midler matter is October 23, 2024. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint. The Company intends to contest this matter but expresses no opinion as to the likelihood of
a favorable outcome. Management is unable to determine the likelihood of a loss, including a possible range of losses, if any, arising
from this matter as of the reporting date. 

On October
21, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles against Serhat
G mr kc , William Anderson Wittekind Wittekind ), G Tech Bio LLC G Tech ), SG AW Holdings,
LLC, and Seraph Research Institute SRI (collectively, the Defendants ). The Complaint alleges that the Defendants
engaged in a concerted, deliberate scheme to alter, falsify, and misrepresent to the Company the results of multiple studies supporting
its Hepatitis B and SARS-CoV-2/influenza pipelines. Specifically, Defendants manipulated negative results to reflect positive
outcomes from various studies, and even fabricated studies out of whole cloth. As a result of the Defendants conduct, the
Company claims that it paid approximately 25 million to Defendants and third-parties that it would not otherwise have paid. 
On April 21, 2023, defendants Wittekind, G Tech, SG AW Holdings, LLC, and SRI filed a demurrer with respect to some, but not all,
of the Company s claims, as well as a motion to strike. On September 6, 2023, the court denied in part and granted in part the pending
motions. On September 7, 2023, the court entered a case management order setting the final status conference, trial, and other intervening
deadlines. 

On December
4, 2023, the Defendants answered the Company s First Amended Complaint and G Tech and SRI filed a Cross-Complaint. In the Cross-Complaint,
G Tech and SRI seek declaratory and injunctive relief related to certain agreements between G Tech, SRI, and the Company, including,
 inter alia , a declaration that the Framework Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2019, the Statement of Work License
Agreement, effective as of January 31, 2020, and the Statement of Work and License Agreement for Influenza and Coronavirus Indications,
effective as of April 18, 2021, have been terminated and the Company has no rights to any license under such agreements. Trial is currently
scheduled to begin on March 3, 2025. The Company denies these allegations and intends to vigorously defend against the cross claims while
pursuing its claims against the Defendants. 

On March 1, 2021, the Company s
former Chief Financial Officer, Robert Wolfe and his company, Crossfield, Inc., filed a Complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District
of Vermont against the Company, Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS, and certain directors and officers. In the Complaint, Mr. Wolfe and
Crossfield, Inc. asserted claims for abuse of process and malicious prosecution, alleging, inter alia, that the Company lacked probable
cause to file and prosecute an earlier action, and sought millions of dollars of compensatory damages, as well as punitive damages. The
allegations in the Complaint relate to an earlier action filed by the Company and Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS in the Vermont Superior
Court, Orange Civil Division. On March 3, 2022, the court partially granted the Company s motion to dismiss, dismissing the abuse
of process claim against all defendants and all claims against Mark Dybul and Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen. On November 29, 2022,
the Company filed a motion for summary judgment with respect to the sole remaining claim of malicious prosecution. On August 24, 2023,
the court denied the motion for summary judgment. The court vacated the July 15, 2024 trial date and has yet to re-set the trial date.
The Company denies the allegations set forth in the Complaint and will continue to vigorously defend against the remaining claim. 

On June
7, 2023, Weird Science LLC Weird Science ), Wittekind, the William Anderson Wittekind 2020 Annuity Trust, the William Anderson
Wittekind 2021 Annuity Trust, the Dybul 2020 Angel Annuity Trust, and the Ty Mabry 2021 Annuity Trust (such trusts, collectively, the
 Trusts (collectively, Plaintiffs filed a Verified Complaint against the Company in the Court of Chancery
of Delaware. In the Verified Complaint, Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached the February 16, 2018 Investor Rights Agreement between
the Company, Weird Science, and RS Group ApS (the Investor Rights Agreement ). According to the Verified Complaint, the Investor
Rights Agreement required the Company to (i) notify all Holders of Registrable Securities at least 30 days
prior to filing a registration statement and (ii) afford such Holders an opportunity to have their Registrable Securities included in
such registration statement. Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached these registration rights by failing to provide the required
notice in connection with S-3 registration statements filed by the Company on July 13, 2020 and February 11, 2022. The Company moved to
dismiss the Verified Complaint on September 15, 2023. 

56 

On December
4, 2023, in lieu of opposing the motion to dismiss, Plaintiffs filed a Verified First Amended Complaint FAC ). In the FAC,
Plaintiffs assert claims against the Company and others for purported breaches of the Investor Rights Agreement, fraud, tortious interference
with a contract, and several other torts. Plaintiffs seek compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages, as well as certain declaratory
relief, specific performance, and pre- and post-judgment interest, costs, and attorneys fees. The Company filed a motion to dismiss
the FAC on December 18, 2023. The Court scheduled oral argument on the motions to dismiss for November 15, 2024. The Company denies Plaintiffs 
allegations and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. 

On August 24, 2023, counsel on
behalf of Weird Science, Wittekind, individually, and Wittekind, as trustee of the Trusts served a demand to inspect the Company s
books and records (the Demand pursuant to Delaware General Corporation Law, 220 Section 220 ).
The Demand seeks the Company s books and records in connection with various issues identified in the Demand. The Company takes its
obligations under Section 220 seriously and, to the extent that the requests are proper under Section 220, intends to comply with those
obligations. 

On
January 19, 2024, Weird Science and Wittekind sent the Company s Board of Directors a letter demanding it take corrective actions
with respect to twenty-one issues identified therein. On February 27, 2024, Weird Science and Wittekind sent the Company s Board
of Directors a supplemental letter that expanded their demand for corrective actions to twenty-six issues. In response to these demand
letters, the Board of Directors initially formed a Special Committee Special Committee of independent directors on February
29, 2024. The Special Committee retained Stradling Yocca Carlson Rauth LLP as its counsel to investigate the issues identified in
the demand letters. The Special Committee s investigation is ongoing. 

On January
23, 2024, Weird Science and Wittekind filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District
of California against certain officers, directors, and investors of the Company, as well as other defendants, in connection with, inter
alia , Weird Science and Wittekind s demand for corrective action. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on June 21, 2024. The
First Amended Verified Stockholder Derivative Complaint Derivative Complaint alleges, among other claims, violations of
Section 13(d) and 14(a) and Rules 10b-5(a), 10b-5(c) and 14a-9 of the Exchange Act of 1934. The Derivative Complaint also includes claims
of breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste, unjust enrichment, and contribution/indemnification. Weird Science and Wittekind seek unspecified
compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages and certain injunctive relief. The Derivative Complaint names the Company as a nominal defendant.
On July 19, 2024, certain of the director defendants, who had agreed to waive service of the summons and Derivative Complaint, filed a
motion to dismiss the Derivative Complaint on a variety of procedural and substantive grounds. A hearing on the motion dismiss was held
on October 3, 2024 and the court subsequently took the motion under submission. The director defendants deny the allegations in the Derivative
Complaint and intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted therein. 

On June 21, 2024, the Company
filed suit against Weird Science, Wittekind, and certain trusts in connection with the February 16, 2018 merger involving the Company
and two companies closely associated with Gumrukcu. In the complaint, the Company alleges that Gumrukcu and others deliberately and fraudulently
concealed a murder-for-hire scheme from the Company in order to induce the Company to enter into the merger agreement, which resulted
in the defendants receiving shares and compensation. The Company asserts claims for fraudulent concealment, equitable fraud, unjust enrichment,
and civil conspiracy and seeks, inter alia , equitable relief, including, but not limited to, return to the Company any shares received
in connection with the merger, and damages. On October 1, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information and Holders of our Common Stock 

Our Common Stock trades on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol RENB . 

As of October 3, 2024, the Company had 156,193,912 shares of Common Stock
issued and approximately 197 stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and
includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 

57 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On April 5, 2024, the Company issued 33,760 shares
of common stock for consulting services valued at 94,190. 

On February 15, 2024, the Company
issued 50,000 shares of Common Stock for consulting services valued at 100,000. 

Company Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Dividends 

The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its Common Stock
and does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, is within the discretion
of the Board and will depend on the Company s earnings, if any, its capital requirements and financial condition and such other
factors as the Board may consider. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following discussion of
our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, and the related notes to
those statements included elsewhere in this report. In addition to the historical financial information, the following discussion and
analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

Our Business 

Renovaro
Inc. operates through two subsidiaries, Renovaro Biosciences and Renovaro Cube. Renovaro Cube refers to GediCube Intl. Ltd. and its wholly
owned subsidiary GediCube, B.V. and Grace Systems B.V., which were acquired on February 13, 2024. 

Renovaro
Biosciences is a biotechnology company intending, if the necessary funding
is obtained, to develop advanced allogeneic cell and gene therapies to promote stronger immune system responses potentially for long-term
or life-long cancer remission in some of the deadliest cancers, and potentially to treat or cure serious infectious diseases such as Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) infections. As a result of our acquisition of GEDi Cube Intl on February 13, 2024, we have shifted the Company s
primary focus and resources to the development of the GEDi Cube Intl technologies. 

To
date, our operations have been funded by sales of our securities and debt financing. We have never generated any sales revenue and we
expect this to continue until our products are approved for marketing in the United States and/or Europe. Even if we are successful in
having our products approved for sale in the United States and/or Europe, we cannot guarantee that a market for the products will develop.
We may never be profitable. 

Recent Developments 

On June 14, 2024, the Company closed a private placement of the Company s
Units, each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share and (ii) one common
stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock, with certain investors. The Warrants are exercisable for five
years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 1.4726 and 1.4765 per share, payable in cash. 

58 

The Private Placement was completed
pursuant to Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Regulation S ). In connection with the
Private Placement, each Investor executed a subscription agreement (each, a Subscription Agreement in the form of Exhibit
10.1 attached hereto. 

In the Private Placement, the Company sold 3,939,299 Units at a price per
Unit equal to 1.4726 to a certain investor who settled debt and paid in cash an aggregate amount of 5,801,012 in consideration for the
Units. As of June 30, 2024, the Company issued 2,325,869 shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value,
at 1.4726 per share for aggregate proceeds to the Company of 3,425,075 in cash and settlement of debt. 

Subsequently related to the
June 14, 2024, Private Placement, the Company sold 1,423,456 Units at a price per Unit equal to 1.4726 to a certain investor who paid
in cash and settled debt an aggregate amount of 2,096,181 in consideration for the Units. 

The Company intends to use
the net proceeds from the Private Placement for general corporate purposes. Each Subscription Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties of the Company and of each Investor, including that all Investors purchasing the Securities are not U.S. persons 
as defined by Rule 902 of Regulation S. The Private Placement was made directly by the Company and no underwriter or placement agent was
engaged by the Company. The Company did not engage in general solicitation or advertising and did not offer the Securities to the public
in connection with the Private Placement. 

Going Concern and Management s Plans 

The
financial statements included elsewhere herein for the year ended June 30, 2024, were prepared under the assumption that we would continue
our operations as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities during the normal
course of business. As of June 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 220,467, an accumulated deficit of 324,679,425 and total
liabilities of 31,152,306. We have incurred losses from continuing operations, have used cash in our continuing operations, and are
dependent on additional financing to fund operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern for one year after the date the financial statements are issued. The financial statements included elsewhere herein do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Management
has reduced overhead and administrative costs by streamlining the organization to focus around the development and validation of its
AI driven cancer diagnostics platform. The Company has tailored its workforce to focus on these activities. In addition, the Company
intends to attempt to secure additional required funding through equity or debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to obtain any sources of funding. Such additional funding may not be available or may not be available on reasonable
terms, and, in the case of equity financing transactions, could result in significant additional dilution to our stockholders. If we
do not obtain required additional equity or debt funding, our cash resources will be depleted and we could be required to materially
reduce or suspend operations, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our relationships with
third parties with whom we have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained. If we do not have sufficient funds
to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that could result in our stockholders
losing some or all of their investment in us. 

Funding
that we may receive during fiscal 2025 is expected to be used to satisfy existing and future obligations and liabilities and working
capital needs, to support commercialization of our products and conduct the clinical and regulatory work to develop our product candidates,
and to begin building working capital reserves. 

59 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended June 30, 2024 compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. 

The following table sets forth
our revenues, expenses and net loss for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. The financial information below is derived from our audited
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 Increase/(Decrease) 

2024 
 2023 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 
 24,557,608 
 15,318,198 
 9,239,410 
 60 
 
 Research and development 
 2,708,829 
 4,165,197 
 (1,456,368 
 (35 
 
 Intangible asset impairment 
 42,611,000 
 18,960,000 
 23,651,000 
 125 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 11,640,000 
 
 11,640,000 
 100 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 121,859 
 113,496 
 8,363 
 7 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 81,639,296 
 38,556,891 
 43,082,405 
 112 
 
 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (81,639,296 
 (38,556,891 
 (43,082,405 
 112 

Other Income (Expense) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 4,727,473 
 
 4,727,473 
 100 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 (1,303,578 
 
 (1,303,578 
 (100 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of contingent consideration liability 
 
 (419,182 
 419,182 
 (100 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,011,322 
 (580,344 
 (430,978 
 74 
 
 Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 
 
 (1,019 
 1,019 
 (100 
 
 Interest and other income (expense) 
 (1,423,449 
 (126,620 
 (1,296,829 
 1,024 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 989,124 
 (1,127,165 
 2,116,289 
 (188 

NET LOSS 
 (80,650,172 
 (39,684,056 
 (40,966,116 
 103 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 Increase/(Decrease) 

2024 
 2023 

Net Loss 
 (80,650,172 
 (39,684,056 
 (40,966,115 
 103 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Foreign Currency Translation, net of taxes 
 (140,964 
 554 
 (141,518 
 (25,545 

Comprehensive Loss 
 (80,791,136 
 (39,683,502 
 (40,107,634 
 104 

Revenues 

We are a pre-revenue, pre-clinical
biotechnology and artificial intelligence driven healthcare technology company. We have never generated revenues and have incurred losses
since inception. We do not anticipate earning any revenues until our therapies or products are approved for marketing and sale. 

60 

Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses for the
years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were 81,639,296 and 38,556,891, respectively, representing an increase of 43,082,405 or 112 . The
largest contributors to the increase in operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024, were the increase in the non-cash intangible
asset impairment of 23,651,000 (see Note 5 to the Financial Statements), increase in the non-cash goodwill impairment of 11,640,000
and the increase in general and administrative expenses of 9,239,410 partially offset by the decrease in research and development expenses
of 1,456,368 compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. 

General and administrative expenses
for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, were 24,557,608 and 15,318,198, respectively, representing an increase of 9,239,410, or
60 . The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily related to increases in non-cash consulting fees of 4,664,190,
accrued expenses related to the GEDi Cube acquisition of 812,775, legal expenses of 1,360,761, investor relations expenses of 882,534,
consulting expenses of 661,998, marketing expenses of 303,730 and rent expenses of 413,802, partially offset by a decrease in compensation
and related expenses of 781,467. 

Research and development expenses
for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, were 2,708,829 and 4,165,197, respectively, representing a decrease of 1,456,368 or 35 .
The decrease in research and development expenses is primarily related to 2,090,957 in collaborating partner expenses with CDMO
and CROs related to discontinued product candidates, partially offset by an increase in consumables of 238,862 and consulting expenses
of 333,894. 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Net other income (expenses) for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 was
 989,124 and (1,127,165), respectively, representing an increase of 2,116,289 or 188 . The increase in other income was due primarily
to the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration in the amount of 4,727,473, which resulted from the mark to market adjustment
on the remaining contingent consideration liability in the year ended June 30, 2024, offset by a loss on extinguishment of debt in the
amount of 1,303,578 and interest and other expense of 1,423,449. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 was 80,650,172
and 39,684,056, respectively, representing an increase in net loss of 40,966,116 or 103 . The increase in net loss was primarily due
to the increase of non-cash intangible asset impairment of 23,651,000, the non-cash goodwill impairment of 11,640,000 and the increase
in general and administrative expenses of 9,239,410 offset by the change in fair value of contingent consideration of 4,727,473 and
by the 1,456,368 decrease in research and development expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have historically satisfied
our capital and liquidity requirements through funding from stockholders, the sale of our Common Stock and warrants, and debt financing.
We have never generated any sales revenue to support our operations, and we expect this to continue until our therapies or products are
approved for marketing in the United States and/or Europe. Even if we are successful in having our therapies or products approved for
sale in the United States and/or Europe, we cannot guarantee that a market for the therapies or products will develop. We may never be
profitable. 

As noted above under the heading Going Concern and Management s
Plans, through June 30, 2024, we have incurred substantial losses. We will need additional funds both in the next twelve months
and beyond for (a) research and development, (b) increases in personnel, (c) the purchase of equipment, and investment in the development
and validation of our technology. The availability of any required additional funding cannot be assured. In
addition, an adverse outcome in legal or regulatory proceedings in which we are currently involved or in the future may be involved could
adversely affect our liquidity and financial position. We may raise such funds from time to time through public or private sales of our
equity or debt securities. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed
could materially adversely affect our growth plans and our financial condition and results of operations. 

61 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had 220,467 in cash and working capital
of (28,312,274) as compared to 1,874,480 in cash and working capital of (8,457,693) as of June 30, 2023. The decrease in cash of 1,654,013
is primarily due to the cost of operations of 10,971,430, notes receivable prior to acquisition of 1,255,600 and repayments of finance
agreement of 870,073, partially offset by funding totaling 11,387,528 related to private placements,
proceeds from note payables and the exercise of warrants during the period. 

Equity 

On February 15, 2024, the Company
closed a private placement of 344,827 shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, at 2.90 per share for aggregate proceeds
to the Company of 1,000,000 in cash (see Note 9 to the Financial Statements). 

On August 1, 2023, the Company
closed a private placement of 280,505 units (the Units ), each consisting of (i) one share of the Company s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (the Preferred Stock and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant (each, a Warrant ,
and together with the Units and the shares of Preferred Stock, the Securities to purchase five shares of the Company s
common stock, at a price per Unit equal to 7.13 for aggregate proceeds to the Company of 2,000,000 in cash. In addition, the
Company issued 280,505 Units in connection with the conversion of 2,000,000 of the Promissory Note (see
Note 9 to the Financial Statements). 

The Company issued an aggregate
of 561,010 shares of Preferred Stock, which were initially convertible into an aggregate of 5,610,100 shares
of common stock. In connection with the Private Placement, the Company sold Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,805,050 shares
of common stock. The Warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 0.65 per share,
payable in cash (see Note 9 to the Financial Statements). 

Warrant Exercises 

On December 4, 2023, the Company issued 525,945 shares
of Common Stock pursuant to warrants exercised for cash proceeds of 341,865 (see Note 9 to the
Financial Statements). 

On February 20, 2024, 2,953,700
warrants outstanding were exercised at prices ranging from 0.53 to 0.65 per share and the aggregate 1,750,000 of a promissory note
held by the holder was applied to the exercise price of the warrants (see Note 9 to the Financial
Statements). 

On February 20, 2024, 471,699 warrants outstanding were exercised at 0.53
per share valued at 250,000. A promissory note held by the holder was applied to the exercise price of the warrants in lieu of cash proceeds
 (see Note 9 to the Financial Statements). 

Debt 

Convertible Notes Payable 

March 2024 Note 
On March 14, 2024, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with an investor to issue a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount
of 500,000 (the March 2024 Note ). The March 2024 Note had an interest rate of 10 per annum and was due to mature on March
15, 2025. The Company was required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following
the issue date prior to the maturity of the March 2024 Note. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest
could accrue on this note on a quarterly basis. The March 2024 Note was convertible at the option of the holder after a qualified offering.
If no qualified offering occurs prior to the maturity date, the March 2024 Note was to be repaid in cash. 

On June 14, 2024, the Company
sold 344,966 of the Company s units, each such unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par
value per share and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock (a Unit ), to
the holder of the March 2024 Note in consideration for the total 512,361 in principal amount and interest accrued under the March 2024
Note. The warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 1.4726 per share, payable in
cash see Note 7 to the Financial Statements). 

62 

The 2024 Notes 
On January 11, 2024, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with an investor to issue a Convertible Promissory Note (the January
2024 Note I in the amount of 460,000. The January 2024 Note I had an interest rate of 12 per annum and was due to mature on
January 11, 2025. The Company was required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year
following the issue date prior to the maturity of the notes. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest
could accrue on this note on a quarterly basis. The January 2024 Note I was convertible either at the option of the holder or automatically
upon maturity into shares of the Company s Common Stock at the conversion price of 3.38. On January 12, 2024, the Company entered
into Subscription Agreements with an investor to issue a Convertible Promissory Note for an aggregate principal amount of 125,000 (the
 January 2024 Note II , and collectively with the January 2024 Note I, the January 2024 Notes ). The Company
received a total of 125,000 in gross proceeds. The January 2024 Note II bears an interest rate of 12 per annum and shall mature
on December 29, 2024. The Company is required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each
year following the issue date prior to the maturity of the January 2024 Note II. The January 2024 Note II is convertible either at the
option of the holder or automatically upon maturity into shares of the Company s Common Stock at the Note Conversion Price of 3.38. 

On June 14, 2024, the Company sold
325,508 of the Company s Units, each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value
per share and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock, to the holder of the January 2024
Note I in consideration for the total 483,460 in principal amount and interest accrued under the January 2024 Note I. The warrants are
exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 1.4726 per share, payable in cash The January 2024
Notes principal balance at June 30, 2024, is 125,000 (see Note 7 to the Financial Statements). 

December 2023 Notes 
 Between December 1, 2023, and December 29, 2023, the Company entered into Subscription
Agreements with two investors to purchase Convertible Promissory Notes for an aggregate principal amount of 560,000 (the December
Notes ). The Company received a total of 560,000 in gross proceeds, consisting of 440,000 and 100,000 from the private placement
prior to the end of the quarter ending December 31, 2023, and 20,000 received in January 2024. The December Notes bear an interest
rate of 12 per annum and shall mature one year after their respective dates of issuance (the Maturity Date ). The Company
is required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following the issue date prior
to the maturity of the December Notes. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest may accrue on
the December Notes on a quarterly basis. The December Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock in whole or
in part at any time and from time to time, after the original issue date and prior to the Maturity Date, at a conversion price of 3.38
per share. The December Notes will be accounted for under ASC 470-20. 

On June 14, 2024, in a private
placement the Company sold 317,715 Units to an investor who surrendered and terminated 440,000 in aggregate principal amount and 28,453
of interest accrued on the December Notes and paid in cash an aggregate amount of 66,000 to the Company in consideration for the Units,
each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share and (ii) one common stock
purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock. The warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance
and have an exercise price of 1.4726 per share, payable in cash. The December Notes principal balance at June 30, 2024, is 120,000 (see
Note 7 to the Financial Statements). 

The 2023 Notes Between
September 5, 2023, and October 5, 2023, the Company entered into Subscription Agreements with five investors to purchase 5 Original Issue
Discount Convertible Promissory Notes (the 2023 Notes for an aggregate principal amount of 2,105,263. The Company received
a total of 2,000,000 in gross proceeds from the private placement, after taking into account the 5 original issue discount. The
discount of 105,263 was to be accreted over the life of the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes had an interest rate of 12 per annum and were
due to mature on September 5, 2024 (the Maturity Date ). The Company was required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears,
in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following the issue date prior to the maturity of the 2023 Notes. Notwithstanding
the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest could accrue on the notes on a quarterly basis. The 2023 Notes were convertible
into shares of the Company s Common Stock upon the occurrence of a Qualified Offering (as defined below) or upon the Maturity Date. 

63 

The 2023 Notes were subject to
mandatory conversion Mandatory Conversion in the event the Company closed an offering of its Common Stock and received
gross proceeds of not less than 10,000,000 (a Qualified Offering ). The conversion price per share of Common Stock in the
case of a Mandatory Conversion was to be 95 of the offering price per share in the Qualified Offering, subject to a floor of 4.50 per
share. In addition, if no Qualified Offering occurred prior to the Maturity Date, the 2023 Notes were to automatically convert into
shares of Common Stock on the Maturity Date at a conversion price per share equal to the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the
Maturity Date, subject to a floor of 4.50 per share. 

On January 11, 2024, the Company
entered into an amendment with one of the investors of the 2023 Notes whereas the conversion terms were amended to provide for optional
conversion at a conversion price of 3.38 per share. All other terms of the Promissory Note remained the same. The Company treated this
as a modification for accounting purposes. 

On June 14, 2024, the Company sold 1,546,449 Units to the holders of the 2023
Notes who surrendered and terminated 2,293,825 in aggregate principal amount and interest accrued thereon of the 2023 Notes and paid
in cash an aggregate amount of 443,575 (of which 318,063 was applied against the Company s Promissory Notes), to the Company in
consideration for the Units, each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share
and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock. The warrants are exercisable for five years
from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 1.4726 and 1.4765 per share, payable in cash. The 2023 Notes principal balance
at June 30, 2024, is zero. 

For the year ended
June 30, 2024, discount amortization of 78,567 was charged to interest expense and 26,696 of discount amortization was charged to other
income and expense due to the early termination of the notes, respectively. In the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded interest
expense of 189,614 related to the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024 is zero (see
Note 7 to the Financial Statements). 

The Convertible Notes 
 On February 6, 2020, the Company issued two Convertible Notes (the Convertible Notes to Paseco ApS (the Holder ),
a Danish limited company and an existing stockholder of the Company, each with a face value amount of 600,000, convertible into shares
of Common Stock. The outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes was due and payable on February 6, 2023. Interest on the Convertible
Notes commenced accruing on the date of issuance at six percent (6 per annum, computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months, and was
compounded monthly on the final day of each calendar month based upon the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest outstanding as
of such compound date. The interest was payable in cash on a semi-annual basis. 

The
 conversion price was equal to 12.00 per
share of Common Stock. The Holder did not exercise its conversion feature that expired on February 6, 2021. The Company evaluated the
Convertible Notes in accordance with ASC 470-20 and identified that they each contain an embedded conversion feature that shall not be
bifurcated from the host document (i.e., the Convertible Notes) as they are not deemed to be readily convertible into cash . 

Effective December 30, 2022 (the
 Effective Date ), the Company amended and restated the Convertible Notes (the Amended and Restated Secured Notes ).
Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Secured Notes, the due date was extended to February 28, 2024. The Amended and Restated Secured Notes
were convertible by the Holder if the Company consummated a public offering or private placement of Common Stock or securities convertible
into Common Stock. The conversion price was to be the price being paid by the investors in such offering. The interest rate was increased
to twelve percent (12 per annum, which was prepaid by the Company in full on the date of amendment through the issuance of 198,439 shares
of the Company s Common Stock: 29,419 shares for accrued interest up to the Effective Date and 169,020 shares related to the prepayment
of interest through the extension date of the Amended and Restated Secured Notes using the Common Stock closing market price on the Effective
Date, of 1.03. The obligations of the Company under the Amended and Restated Secured Notes were secured by a security agreement (the
 Security Agreement ). The Company evaluated the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and conversion feature to determine the
appropriate accounting treatment based on the terms of the agreement. In accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity,
the Company determined that the Amended and Restated Secured Notes embody an obligation that may require the Company to settle with the
issuance of a variable number of shares, where the monetary value of the obligation is based predominantly on a fixed monetary amount
of 1,200,000 known at inception. Accordingly, the Company recorded the Amended and Restated Secured Notes as share settled debt. The
total value of the shares issued was 204,392 which included 174,090 of prepaid interest and 30,302 for accrued interest as of December
30, 2022. On June 26, 2023, the Holder notified the Company that it wished to elect to exercise
its conversion right triggered by a private placement. Therefore, all outstanding 1,200,000 Amended and Restated Secured Notes were converted
into 2,264,150 shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase 1,132,075 shares of Common Stock. There were no Amended and Restated Secured
Notes outstanding after the foregoing conversion. 

64 

Notes
Payable 

Bridge
Loans Between March 26, 2024 and June 4, 2024 the Company issued Paseco ApS promissory notes (the Notes in the aggregate principal and interest accrued amount of 2,098,252. The Notes had an interest rate of 10 per annum and were to mature
between May 1, 2024, and August 1, 2024. The Notes were accounted for under ASC 470-20, and all proceeds received from the issuance was
recognized as a liability on the balance sheet. On June 14, 2024, the Company sold 1,424,862 Units at a price per Unit equal to 1.4726
to settle the bridge loan aggregate amount of 2,098,252. As of June 30, 2024 the Notes balance is zero. 

On
February 5, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio ApS,
a Danish entity controlled by the Company s Chairman, Rene Sindlev RS Bio to issue a 5 Original Issue Discount
Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of 105,263. The Company received 100,000 in gross proceeds after taking into account
the 5 original issue discount. The note bears an interest rate of 12 per annum and matured on March 1, 2024 and was extended to December
31, 2024. The obligations under this note are secured by the Amended and Restated Security Agreement. The Company is required to pay interest
on the maturity date. The note is accounted for under ASC 470-20, and all proceeds received from the issuance will be recognized as a
liability on the balance sheet net of discount. For the year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization of 5,263 was charged to interest
expense. As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued 6,316 of interest expense that is included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet.
The note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024 was 105,263. 

On
January 2, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue
a 5 Original Issue Discount Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of 526,315 (the January 2024 Note ). The Company
received a total of 500,000 in gross proceeds after taking into account the 5 original issue discount. The January 2024 Note bears
an interest rate of 12 per annum and matured on March 1, 2024 and was extended to December 31, 2024. The Company is required to pay interest
on the maturity date. The January 2024 Note will be accounted for under ASC 470-20, and all proceeds received from the issuance will be
recognized as a liability on the balance sheet net of discount. For the year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization of 26,315 was
charged to interest expense. As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued 31,579 of interest expense that is included in accrued expenses
on the balance sheet. The Note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024 was 526,315. In connection with the entry into the January 2024
Note, the Company and Paseco ApS agreed to amend and restate a Security Agreement to add the Company s obligations under the November
2023 Note and the January 2024 Note to the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Amended and Restated Security Agreement). 

On
November 22, 2023, Renovaro Cube entered into a loan agreement where the holder agreed to loan the Company up to 500,000 (approximately
 624,000 USD). The note had a repayment date occurring the first business day after the first anniversary of the draw down of the loan.
The first draw down of 250,000 occurred on November 27, 2023, and the second draw down of approximately 250,000 occurred
on December 13, 2023. The Company paid interest on the loan at the rate of 10 per annum. Interest was accrued quarterly in arrears on
the last business day of March, June, September, and December and was payable on the repayment date. On June 14, 2024 the Company sold
454,708 Units to the holder and terminated 665,387 in aggregate principal amount and accrued interest and received in cash an aggregate
amount of 100,400 in consideration for the Units which was applied against the loan. For the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded
 36,388 of interest expense related to this loan. The total amount of the loan at June 30, 2024, is zero (see
Note 7 to the Financial Statements). 

On
November 3, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio to
issue a 5 Original Issue Discount Promissory Note for the principal amount of 1,000,000 (the November 2023 Note ). The
Company received a total of 950,000 in gross proceeds after taking into account the 5 original issue discount. The discount of
 50,000 will be accreted over the life of the Note. The November 2023 Note bears an interest rate of 12 per annum and was due to mature
on January 1, 2024 (the Maturity Date ). On January 1, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment with RS Bio for the November
2023 Note to extend the maturity date to March 1, 2024 and was extended to December 31, 2024. The Company is required to pay interest
on the maturity date. The November 2023 Note will be accounted for under ASC 470-20, and all proceeds received from the issuance will
be recognized as a liability on the balance sheet net of discount. On February 16, 2024, the Company received notice from the holder to
exercise 471,699 warrants outstanding at 0.53 per share and apply 250,000 of the note balance to the exercise price of the warrants.
For the year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization of 50,000 was charged to interest expense. As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued
 69,083 of interest expense that is included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet. The November 2023 Note balance, net of discount
at June 30, 2024 is 750,000 (see Note 7 to the Financial Statements) . 

65 

Promissory Note On
March 30, 2020 (the Issuance Date ), the Company issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,000,000 (the Promissory
Note to the Holder. The principal amount of the Promissory Note was originally payable on November 30, 2021 (the Maturity
Date ). The Promissory Note bore interest at a fixed rate of 6 per annum, computed based on the number of days between the Issuance
Date and the Maturity Date, and the interest was prepaid by the Company in full on the Issuance Date through the issuance of 188,485 shares
of the Company s Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date for a total value of 501,370. The Company evaluated
the Promissory Note and PIK interest in accordance with ASC 470-Debt and ASC 835-Interest, respectively. Pursuant to ASC 470-20, proceeds
received from the issuance are to be recognized at their relative fair value, thus the liability is shown net of the corresponding discount
of 493,192, which is the relative fair value of the shares issued for the PIK interest on the closing date using the effective interest
method. The discount of 493,192 will be accreted over the life of the Promissory Note. 

On February 11, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the Promissory Note that extended the Maturity Date to November 30, 2022. All other terms of the Promissory
Note remained the same. The change in Maturity Date required an additional year of interest at the fixed rate of 6 per annum, which was
prepaid by the Company in full on the date of the amendment through the issuance of 74,054 shares of the Company s Common Stock
based on the closing market price on that date for a total value of 298,178. 

On May 17, 2022, the Company entered
into a second amendment to the Promissory Note that extended the Maturity Date to November 30, 2023 and increased the interest rate from
6 to 12 per annum. All other terms of the Promissory Note remained the same. The change in Maturity Date required an additional year
of interest at the fixed rate of 12 per annum. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company prepaid interest for the period November 30, 2022
until May 30, 2023 on the date of the amendment through the issuance of 47,115 shares of the Company s Common Stock based on the
closing market price on that date for a total value of 299,178. All other accrued interest payable from May 30, 2023 to the Maturity
Date was required to be paid by the Company on May 30, 2023, at the option of the Holder in either (i) cash or (ii) shares of the Company s
Common Stock, valued at the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 30, 2023. The Holder elected the
interest be paid in cash (the Interest Payment ). 

Effective December 30, 2022, the
Company entered into a third amendment to the Promissory Note. Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company s obligations under
the Promissory Note were secured by a Security Agreement. To secure the Company s obligations under each of the Amended and Restated
Secured Notes and the Promissory Note, the Company entered into a Security Agreement with the Holder, pursuant to which the Company granted
a lien on all assets of the Company (the Collateral for the benefit of the Holder. Upon an Event of Default (as defined
in the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and Promissory Note, respectively) the Holder may, among other things, collect or take possession
of the Collateral, proceed with the foreclosure of the security interest in the Collateral or sell, lease, or dispose of the Collateral. Amended and Restated Security Agreement ). 

On June 12, 2023, the Holder notified
the Company that it wanted to apply the Interest Payment due to it towards the Company s next private placement. Therefore, on June
26, 2023, in conjunction with the Company s private placement, the Company issued (i) 567,588 shares of its Common Stock, par value
 0.0001 per share and (ii) warrants to purchase 283,794 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of 0.53 per share and applied the
Interest Payment of 300,822 it owed to the Holder. 

66 

On July 31, 2023, the Company and the Holder agreed to amend the Promissory
Note (the Fourth Amendment to provide the Holder with limited conversion rights in connection with the Company s
next private placement. Per the terms of the Fourth Amendment, the Holder could elect to convert 2 million of the outstanding principal
balance of the Promissory Note into the Units being offered in a private placement at the price per Unit being paid by the investors in
the private placement (the Conversion Right ). On August 1, 2023, the Holder notified the Company of its election to exercise
the Conversion Right. As a result, 2 million of the outstanding principal balance of the Promissory Note was converted into 280,505 Units
at 7.13 per unit, comprised of an aggregate of (i) 280,505 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company and (ii) Warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 1,402,525 shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of 0.65 per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock acquired by the Holder was initially convertible into 2,805,050 shares of Common Stock. A 3 million principal balance remained
outstanding under the Promissory Note after the foregoing conversion. The Company concluded that in accordance with ASC 470-20-40-4, the
difference between the fair value of the Preferred Shares and warrants and the carrying value of the portion of the Note being converted
should be recognized as an extinguishment. The extinguishment loss of 120,018 is recorded in Other Income/Loss in the Statement of Operations.
On November 30, 2023, the Company and the Holder agreed to amend the Promissory Note (the Fifth Amendment such that the
Company and the Holder extended the maturity of the original Promissory Note until February 29, 2024. In addition, all interest payable
from November 30, 2023 to the Maturity Date was payable and is currently payable by the Company as of November 30, 2023. On February 16,
2024, the Company received notice from the Holder to exercise 2,953,700 warrants outstanding ranging from 0.53 to 0.65 per share and
apply 1,750,000 of the note balance to the exercise price of the warrants. On February 29, 2024, the Company and the Holder agreed to
amend the Promissory Note (the Sixth Amendment to where the Company and the Holder extended the maturity of the original
Promissory Note until May 1, 2024. On May 1, 2024, the Company and the Holder agreed to amend the Promissory Note (the Seventh
Amendment to extend the maturity of the original Promissory Note until August 1, 2024. On June 14, 2024 the Holder requested the
Company repay 418,503 of the Promissory Note. The Company applied 100,440 and 318,063 owed to the Company pursuant to certain Subscription
Agreements. As such, payment of the 2020 Note Repayment decreased the principal amount by 418,503. For the year ended June 30, 2024 and
2023, discount amortization of 393,763 and 348,621 was charged to interest expense. The Promissory Note balance, net of discount at
June 30, 2024 is 824,418 (see Note 7 to the Financial
Statements). 

Cash Flows 

Year ended June 30, 2024 compared to the year ended June 30, 2023 

Following is a summary of the Company s
cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities: 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (10,971,430 
 (11,774,549 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 (1,260,179 
 (29,774 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 10,517,455 
 4,515,056 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash 
 60,141 
 (8,395 
 
 Net (Decrease) in Cash 
 (1,654,013 
 (7,297,662 

At June 30, 2024, we had cash and
cash equivalents of 220,467, a decrease of 1,654,013, when compared to the June 30, 2023 balance of 1,874,480. This decrease was primarily
due to cash used in operating activities, partially offset by cash provided by financing activities. 

We plan to use our cash and cash
equivalents to fund research and development, specifically to increase investment in the development and validation of our AI driven cancer
diagnostics platform. These activities will require an increase in selling, general and administrative costs, and research and development
costs to support the expected growth. As additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through public or private
sales of our equity or debt securities. 

Cash used in operating activities represents
the cash receipts and disbursements related to all of our activities other than investing and financing activities. Operating cash flow
is derived by adjusting our net loss for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used in operating
activities for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 was 10,971,430 and 11,774,549, respectively, representing a decrease of 803,119.
The decrease is primarily related to the changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 

67 

Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended June 30, 2024 and
2023 was 1,260,179 and 29,774, respectively, representing an increase of 1,230,405. The increase is primarily due to notes receivable
prior to acquisition of Renovaro Cube of 1,255,600 and purchases of equipment in the current year of 70,430, partially offset by the
cash acquired from the acquisition of Renovaro Cube of 65,851. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended June 30, 2024
and 2023 was 10,517,455 and 4,515,056, respectively, representing an increase of 6,002,399. The net cash provided by financing activities
in the current year consists primarily of 3,000,000 of proceeds from private placements, 8,045,663 from the issuance of notes, and 341,865
of proceeds from the exercise of warrants, partially offset by repayments of 870,073 under a finance agreement. The
prior year net cash from financing activities primarily consisted of 4,011,823 in proceeds from private placements, and 1,625,000
of proceeds from the exercise of warrants, partially offset by repayments of 1,121,767 under a finance agreement. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of June 30, 2024, and 2023,
we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. We are not aware of any material transactions which are not disclosed in our consolidated financial
statements. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our management s discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our
critical accounting policies and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
and conditions. Our most critical accounting estimates are detailed below, and our significant accounting policies are more fully described
in Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Intangible Assets - The
Company has both definite and indefinite life intangible assets. 

Definite life intangible assets
relate to patents. The Company accounts for definite life intangible assets in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . Intangible assets are recorded
at cost. Patent costs capitalized consist of costs incurred to acquire the underlying patent. If it is determined that a patent will not
be issued, the related remaining capitalized patent costs are charged to expense. Definite life intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated useful life. The estimated useful life of patents is twenty years from the date of application. 

Indefinite life intangible assets
include license agreements and goodwill acquired in a business combination. The Company accounts for indefinite life intangible assets
in accordance with ASC 350. License agreement costs represent the fair value of the license agreement on the date acquired and are tested
annually for impairment. 

Goodwill - Goodwill is not
amortized but is evaluated for impairment annually as of June 30 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value may not be recoverable. 

Impairment of Goodwill and Indefinite
Lived Intangible Assets We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level, which is one
level below the operating segment level. Our detailed impairment testing involves comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its
carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value reflects the price a market participant would be willing to pay in a potential sale of
the reporting unit and is based on discounted cash flows or relative market-based approaches. If the carrying value of the reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, we record an impairment loss for such excess. The annual fair value analysis performed on goodwill supported that
goodwill was impaired as of June 30, 2024. The Company recorded an impairment loss of 11,640,000 related to goodwill for the year ended
June 30, 2024 (see Note 5 to the financial statements). 

68 

For indefinite-lived intangible
assets, such as licenses acquired as an In-Process Research and Development IPR D asset, on an annual basis we determine
the fair value of the asset and record an impairment loss, if any, for the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value.
For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the carrying value of the licenses acquired as an IPR D asset exceeded its fair value,
due to changes in the projected economic benefits to be realized from these assets. Therefore, the Company recorded impairment losses
of 42,611,000 and 18,960,000 during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (see Note 5 to the financial statements). 

The carrying values of IPR D
and goodwill at June 30, 2024, were zero and 159,330,161, respectively. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 The Company accounts for fair value measurements for financial assets and financial liabilities in accordance with FASB ASC
Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements . The authoritative guidance, among other things, defines fair value, establishes a consistent
framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure for each major asset and liability category measured at fair value on either
a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Fair value is defined as the exit price, representing the amount that would either be received to sell
an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. There
were no Level 1, 2, or 3 assets, nor any Level 1, or 2 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2024. Level
3 liabilities held as of June 30, 2024, consisted of a contingent consideration liability related to the February 13, 2024, acquisition
of Renovaro Cube (see Note 3.) There were no Level 1, 2, or 3 assets, nor any Level 1, 2, or 3 liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2023. 

Stock-Based Compensation - The
Company has granted stock options, restricted share units RSUs and warrants to certain employees, officers, directors,
and consultants. The Company accounts for options in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation 
Stock Compensation . Stock based compensation costs for the vesting of options and RSUs granted to certain employees, officers,
directors, and consultants for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were 4,673,129 and 3,535,051, respectively (see Note 9 to the
Financial Statements). 

The Company recognizes compensation
costs for stock option awards to employees, officers and directors based on their grant-date fair value. The value of each stock option
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of the stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are the expected term of the award, the underlying
stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate, and the expected dividend yield. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 

69 

The Company records stock-based
compensation for services received from non-employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation Non-Employees .
All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based
on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.
Equity instruments issued to consultants and the cost of the services received as consideration are measured and recognized based on the
fair value of the equity instruments issued and are recognized over the consultants required service period, which is generally
the vesting period (see Note 9 to the Financial Statements.) 

The Company does not have sufficient
historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior.
Accordingly, the Company has elected to use the simplified method to estimate the expected term of its share-based awards.
The simplified method computes the expected term as the sum of the award s vesting term plus the original contractual term divided
by two. 

Recently Enacted Accounting Standards 

For a description of recent accounting
standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Note
1: Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The Company is a smaller reporting company and is not
required to provide this information. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

70 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Renovaro,
Inc.: 

Opinion on the
Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Renovaro, Inc. the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2024 and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
substantial recurring losses from operations, has used cash in the Company s continuing operations, and is dependent on additional
financing to fund operations which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters below, providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

 As of June 30, 2024, the carrying value of goodwill
was 159,330,161 which related in its entirety to goodwill acquired in the GediCube Intl Ltd GediCube acquisition on February
13, 2024. In addition, during the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company fully impaired previously recorded goodwill totaling 11,640,000
related to the Company s legacy RenB reporting unit. As described in notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company tests goodwill for impairment annually at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it
is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than it s carrying amount. The Company s annual assessment
date is June 30, 2024. In relation to goodwill related to the GediCube acquisition, the Company performed a qualitative assessment on
such date and concluded that it was not more likely than not that the reporting unit s fair value was less than its carrying amount.
To assess the goodwill of the RenB reporting unit for impairment, management estimated the fair value of goodwill using a discounted
cash flow model. The determination of the fair value requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in
the Audit 

We identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis
for goodwill as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes in performing both the qualitative
assessment on goodwill for the GediCube related goodwill and determining the fair value of the goodwill for the RenB reporting unit. These
required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness
of such estimates and assumptions. 

Our audit procedures related to the following: 

In
 relation to the GediCube goodwill, we evaluated the Company s qualitative assessment
 by considering macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, and other relevant
 entity specific factors. 

In
 relation to RenB goodwill, (1) we tested and evaluated the methods, data and significant
 assumptions used in developing the fair value of goodwill; and (2) we evaluated the reasonableness
 and consistency of the selected valuation methodology and assumptions utilized by the Company
 including the Company s intent and ability to carry out a particular course of action. 

In addition, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized
by the Firm to assist in the performance of these procedures. 

Business Combination 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

On February 13, 2024, the Company completed a business
acquisition acquiring GediCube Intl Ltd. for consideration with a fair value of 156,599,131. The Company accounted for this acquisition
as a business combination and accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value
as of the transaction date. The consideration consisted of common stock with a fair value of 136,001,631 and contingent consideration
of approximately 20,557,500. The contingent consideration represents contingent shares to be issued to the seller upon the exercise of
conversion of common stock equivalents in the Company that existed at the acquisition date. The Company utilized a third-party valuation
specialist to assist in determining the fair value of contingent consideration issued. The fair value of the contingent consideration
liability was estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and a Monte-Carlo option pricing model. We identified the estimation
of the fair value of the contingent consideration granted to be a critical audit matter. 

F- 3 

We identified the estimation of the fair value of
the contingent consideration granted to be a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management made
to determine the fair value of certain of this element. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort
when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of valuation methodologies applied and the assumptions used, such as stock
price, exercise price and volatility assumptions. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill
and knowledge. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in
the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the following: 

Testing
 management s process for developing the fair value measurements for contingent consideration. 

Evaluating
 significant assumptions used by management in this fair value estimates including stock price,
 exercise price and volatility assumptions related to outstanding common stock equivalents. 

Testing
 the accuracy and completeness of the common stock equivalents utilized in determining the
 fair value of the contingent consideration. 

Obtaining
 the valuation report prepared by valuation specialist engaged by management to assist in
 the determination of fair values assigned to acquired contingent consideration and evaluating
 the qualifications of the specialist. 

In addition, the audit effort involved the use of
professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in evaluating the valuation methodologies deployed and the reasonableness
of the significant assumptions used. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

October 10, 2024 

F- 4 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Insurance receivable 

Prepaids and other assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

OTHER ASSETS 

Definite life intangible assets, net 

Indefinite life intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Deposits and other assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable trade 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration liability 

Convertible notes payable 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Notes payable related parties, net 

Total Current Liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value , shares
 authorized, shares
 issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024; shares
 issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Intangible asset impairment 

Goodwill impairment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Other Income (Expense) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on extinguishment of contingent consideration liability 

Interest expense 

Gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 

Interest income and other income (expense) 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

NET LOSS 

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 

Net Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Foreign currency translation, net of taxes 

() 

Comprehensive Loss 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 

#
 of Preferred Shares 
 Preferred
 Shares Amount 
 #
 of Common Shares 
 Common
 Stock Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 June 30, 2022 

Stock
 issued pursuant to warrants exercised 

Earn-out
 shares issued 

Shares
 issued for interest on 1.2 million notes payable extension 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants under private placement offering 

Restricted
 shares issued for services rendered 

Conversion
 of convertible promissory notes 

Issuance
 of restricted commitment shares 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Balance
 June 30, 2023 

Issuance
 of preferred stock and warrants in private placement 

Issuance
 of preferred stock and warrants for conversion of Note Payable 

Restricted
 shares issued for services rendered 

Exercise
 of warrants 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants under private placement offering in settlement of debt 

Shares
 issuable for settlement of contingent consideration 

Issuance
 of common stock pursuant to acquisition of GEDi Cube 

Preferred
 stock converted to common stock pursuant to acquisition of GEDi Cube 

Issuance
 of options for services rendered 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Balance
 June 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET LOSS TO NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of contingent consideration liability 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash restricted shares issued for services rendered 

Intangible asset impairment 

Goodwill impairment 

Amortization of discount on note payable 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Insurance receivable 

() 

Prepaid expenses/deposits 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

() 
 
 Operating leases, net 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses 

() 
 
 NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Notes receivable prior to acquisition 

() 

Cash received from acquisition, net 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayments of finance agreement 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from private placements 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

() 
 
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

() 

() 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash Paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Contingent Shares issued pursuant to Acquisition Agreement 

Shares in lieu of interest on 1.2 million notes payable extension 

Finance agreement entered into in exchange for prepaid assets 

Conversion of note payable for issuance of preferred stock 

Note payable settled through non-cash exercise of warrants 

Debt discount related to notes payable 

Common shares issued upon acquisition 

Contingent consideration issued upon acquisition 

Common shares issued upon settlement of debt 

Earn out shares issued in settlement of contingent liability 

Options issued in settlement of debt 

Settlement of notes payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Escrow Shares remaining (see Note 9.) 

On February 13, 2024, the Company
acquired of Renovaro Cube. As a result of the acquisition, Renovaro Cube became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (see Note
12.) 

For indefinite life intangible
assets, such as IPR D, on an annual basis on June 30th we determine the fair value of the asset and record an impairment loss, if
any, for the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the carrying value of the
IPR D exceeded its fair value. Therefore, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 18,960,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023.
During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 42,611,000 related to the termination of the license
agreement with Weird Science LLC (see Note 5.) 

The carrying value of
IPR D and goodwill at June 30, 2024, were zero and ,
respectively. 

impairment
of these assets was recorded during the year ended June 30, 2024 or 2023. 

, and , respectively. 

and , respectively. Because of the net loss for each of the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, dilutive shares for
both periods were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation, as the effect of these potential shares of Common Stock is anti-dilutive.
The Company had and potential shares of Common Stock excluded from the diluted EPS calculation for the years ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

and , respectively . 

The Company recognizes compensation
costs for stock option awards to employees, officers and directors based on their grant-date fair value. The value of each stock option
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of the stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are the expected term of the award, the underlying
stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate, and the expected dividend yield. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 

The Company records stock-based
compensation for services received from non-employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation Non-Employees .
All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based
on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.
Equity instruments issued to consultants and the cost of the services received as consideration are measured and recognized based on the
fair value of the equity instruments issued and are recognized over the consultants required service period, which is generally
the vesting period. 

The Company does not have sufficient
historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior.
Accordingly, the Company has elected to use the simplified method to estimate the expected term of its share-based awards.
The simplified method computes the expected term as the sum of the award s vesting term plus the original contractual term divided
by two. 

and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had
cash and cash equivalents of and an accumulated deficit of and a working capital deficit of . These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date the financial statements
are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence. 

Management has reduced overhead and administrative costs by streamlining the organization
to focus around the development and validation of its AI driven cancer diagnostics platform. The Company has tailored its workforce to
focus on these activities. In addition, the Company intends to attempt to secure additional required funding through equity or debt financing.
However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain any sources of funding. Such additional funding may not be
available or may not be available on reasonable terms, and, in the case of equity financing transactions, could result in significant
additional dilution to our stockholders. If we do not obtain required additional equity or debt funding, our cash resources will be depleted
and we could be required to materially reduce or suspend operations, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business,
stock price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained.
If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that
could result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. 

Funding that we may receive during
the fiscal year 2025 is expected to be used to satisfy existing and future obligations and liabilities and working capital needs, to support
commercialization of our products, to conduct the clinical and regulatory work to develop our product candidates, and to begin building
working capital reserves. 

shares of Common Stock, and (ii) the right to receive contingent shares pro rata upon the exercise of convertible notes, options, and
warrants, which were outstanding at closing. The contingent consideration liability was recorded at fair value of at the time
of acquisition and is subsequently remeasured to fair value at the end of each reporting period. At June 30, 2024, there were 
contingent shares issuable in connection with the Acquisition of Renovaro Cube. 

The fair value of the contingent consideration liability is estimated using
a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and a Monte-Carlo option pricing model. The key inputs to the model are all contractual or observable
with the exception being volatility, which is computed based on the volatility of the Company s underlying stock. The key inputs
to valuing the contingent consideration liability as of June 30, 2024, were: 

Exercise Price 

- 

Volatility 

- 

Risk Free Rate 

- 

Expected Dividends 

Discount Rate (Monte-Carlo model only) 

Expected Term (years) 

At initial recognition of the contingent consideration,
the inputs were: 

Stock Price 

Exercise Price 

- 

Volatility 

- 

Risk Free Rate 

- 

Expected Dividends 

Discount Rate (Monte-Carlo model only) 

Expected Term (years) 

Unless otherwise disclosed, the
fair value of the Company s financial instruments including cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued
expenses, lease obligations and notes payable approximate their recorded values due to their short-term maturities. 

The following table sets forth
the Level 3 liability at June 30, 2024, which is recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis. As required,
this liability is classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement: 

Contingent consideration in Acquisition 

Settlements: contingent shares to be issued 

Fair value adjustment 

Contingent Consideration Liability at June 30, 2024 

- 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 

- 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Net Property and Equipment 

Depreciation expense amounted to
 and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

and
 , respectively. The patents are recorded at cost and amortized over twenty years from the date of application. Amortization expense
for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

At June 30, 2024 and 2023, indefinite
life intangible assets consisted of a license agreement classified as In-Process Research and Development IPR D intangible
assets, which are not amortizable until the intangible assets provide economic benefit, and goodwill. 

At June 30, 2024 and 2023, definite-life
and indefinite-life intangible assets consisted of the following: 

Years 

Less Accumulated Amortization 

Net Definite-Life Intangible Assets 

Indefinite Life Intangible Assets and Goodwill 

Goodwill 

IPR D 

Total Indefinite Life Intangible Assets and Goodwill 

) 

Useful Life 
 June 30, 2022 
 Period Change 
 Effect of Currency Translation 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Definite Life Intangible Assets 

Patents 
 Years 

Less Accumulated Amortization 

Net Definite-Life Intangible Assets 

Indefinite Life Intangible Assets 

License Agreement 

Goodwill 

Total Indefinite Life Intangible Assets 

Expected future amortization expense is as follows: 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

During February 2018, the Company
acquired IPR D related to a License Agreement (as licensee) to an HIV therapy which consists of a perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free,
sub-licensable, and sole and exclusive worldwide license to research, develop, use, sell, have sold, make, have made, offer for sale,
import and otherwise commercialize certain intellectual property in cellular therapies for the prevention, treatment, amelioration of
and/or therapy exclusively for HIV in humans, and research and development exclusively relating to HIV in humans. The IPR D intangible
asset was classified as an indefinite life asset that was tested annually for impairment. 

On February 13, 2024, the Company
acquired Renovaro Cube as a wholly owned subsidiary pursuant to a stock purchase agreement. As part of the acquisition of Renovaro
Cube, the Company acquired goodwill valued at 159,464,039. 

Impairment On
March 1, 2024, the Company received a notice from the sole manager of Weird Science LLC terminating the License Agreement by and between
Weird Science LLC and Enochian Biopharma, Inc. (now known as Renovaro Biosciences, Inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, dated
February 16, 2018. Due to the termination of the License Agreement, the Company recorded an impairment of 42,611,000 during the year
ended June 30, 2024. 

Following the fourth quarter of
each year, management performs its annual test of impairment of intangible assets by performing a assessment and determines if it is more
likely than not that the fair value of the asset is greater than or equal to the carrying value of the asset. 

During the year ended June 30,
2023, the results of the assessment indicated that the carrying value of the licenses acquired as an IPR D asset exceeded its fair
value, due to the changes in the projected economic benefits to be realized from these assets. Therefore, an impairment adjustment of
 was recorded for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

During the year ended June 30,
2024, the results of the assessment indicated that the carrying value of the goodwill related to the RENB reporting unit exceeded its
fair value, due to the changes in the projected economic benefits to be realized from this reporting unit. Management concluded the significant
driver for the change in the economic benefits was due to the Company s continued inability to raise capital for the further development
of the technologies within this reporting unit. Therefore, an impairment adjustment of was recorded for the year ended June
30, 2024. 

Renovaro subleased the space as
of June 25, 2022 through April 30, 2023. (See subsection below Sublease Agreement for details.) 

Renovaro Cube leases an office
facility in Amsterdam, Netherlands, under a 30-month operating lease agreement commencing on September 1, 2023, with a maturity date of
February 28, 2026. In determining lease asset values, the Company considers fixed and variable payment terms, prepayments, incentives,
and options to extend, terminate or purchase. 

The Company identified and assessed
the following significant assumptions in recognizing the right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities: 

Expected lease term 
The expected lease term includes both contractual lease periods and, when applicable, cancelable option periods when it is reasonably
certain that the Company would exercise such options. The Company s leases have a remaining lease term of 38 and 20 months. As of
June 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining term is years. 

Incremental borrowing rate 
 The Company s lease agreements do not provide an implicit rate. As the Company does not have any external borrowings for
comparable terms of its leases, the Company estimated the incremental borrowing rate based on the U.S. Treasury Yield Curve rate that
corresponds to the length of each lease. This rate is an estimate of what the Company would have to pay if borrowing on a collateralized
basis over a similar term in an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. As of June 30, 2024, the weighted-average
discount rate is . 

Lease and non-lease components 
 In certain cases the Company is required to pay for certain additional charges for operating costs, including insurance, maintenance,
taxes, and other costs incurred, which are billed based on both usage and as a percentage of the Company s share of total square
footage. The Company determined that these costs are non-lease components, and they are not included in the calculation of the lease liabilities
because they are variable. Payments for these variable, non-lease components are considered variable lease costs and are recognized in
the period in which the costs are incurred. 

Below are the lease commitments for the next 5 years: 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Less imputed interest 

() 
 
 Total 

Sublease Agreement 

In accordance with ASC Topic 842,
the Company treated the sublease as a separate lease, as the Company was not relieved of the primary obligation under the original lease.
The Company continues to account for the Century City Medical Plaza lease as a lessee and in the same manner as prior to the commencement
date of the sublease. The Company accounted for the sublease as a lessor of the lease. The sublease was classified as an operating lease,
as it did not meet the criteria of a sales-type or direct financing lease. 

On
April 18, 2023, the Company entered into a sublease termination agreement with the Subtenant, whereby the Subtenant and the Company agreed
to terminate the sublease effective as of April 30, 2023. The Subtenant agreed to pay the Company along with the security
deposit of for a total termination fee of , to permit early termination of the sublease. 

The Company recognized operating
income from the sublease on a straight-line basis in its statements of operations over the sublease term. 

During the year ended June 30,
2024 and 2023, the net operating lease expenses were as follows: 

Sub-lease Income 

() 
 
 Total Net Lease Expense 

() 

Lease expense charged to general
and administrative expenses for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, amounted to and , respectively. During the years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid and under operating leases, respectively. The difference between
the operating lease expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 in the amount of and the cash paid of , is primarily made
up of the release of an accrual of related to the termination of the Plaza Medical Office Building, LLC lease. 

(the March 2024 Note ). The March 2024 Note had an interest rate of per annum and was due to mature on . The Company was required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following
the issue date prior to the maturity of the March 2024 Note. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest
could accrue on this note on a quarterly basis. The March 2024 Note was convertible at the option of the holder after a qualified offering.
If no qualified offering occurs prior to the maturity date, the March 2024 Note was to be repaid in cash. 

On June 14, 2024, the Company sold
 of the Company s units, each such unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, par value
per share and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock (a Unit ), to the holder
of the March 2024 Note in consideration for the total in principal amount and interest accrued under the March 2024 Note. The
warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of per share, payable in cash. 

In the year ended June 30, 2024,
the Company recorded interest expense of 
 related to the March 2024 Note. The March 2024 Note balance at June 30, 2024 was zero . 

The 2024 Notes 
On January 11, 2024, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with an investor to issue a Convertible Promissory Note (the January
2024 Note I in the amount of . The January 2024 Note I had an interest rate of per annum and was due to mature on
 . The Company was required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year
following the issue date prior to the maturity of the notes. Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest
could accrue on this note on a quarterly basis. The January 2024 Note I was convertible either at the option of the holder or automatically
upon maturity into shares of the Company s Common Stock at the conversion price of . On January 12, 2024, the Company entered
into Subscription Agreements with an investor to issue a Convertible Promissory Note for an aggregate principal amount of (the
 January 2024 Note II , and collectively with the January 2024 Note I, the January 2024 Notes ). The Company
received a total of in gross proceeds. The January 2024 Note II bears an interest rate of per annum and shall mature
on . The Company is required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each
year following the issue date prior to the maturity of the January 2024 Note II. The January 2024 Note II is convertible either at the
option of the holder or automatically upon maturity into shares of the Company s Common Stock at the Note Conversion Price of . 

On June 14, 2024, the Company sold
 of the Company s Units, each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, par value
per share and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock, to the holder of the January 2024
Note I in consideration for the total in principal amount and interest accrued under the January 2024 Note I. The warrants are
exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of per share, payable in cash. The January 2024
Notes principal balance at June 30, 2024, is . 

December 2023 Notes 
 Between December 1, 2023, and December 29, 2023, the Company entered into Subscription Agreements with two investors to purchase
Convertible Promissory Notes for an aggregate principal amount of (the December Notes ). The Company received a
total of in gross proceeds, consisting of and from the private placement prior to the end of the quarter ending
December 31, 2023, and received in January 2024. The December Notes bear an interest rate of per annum and shall mature
one year after their respective dates of issuance (the Maturity Date ). The Company is required to pay interest quarterly,
in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following the issue date prior to the maturity of the December Notes.
Notwithstanding the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest may accrue on the December Notes on a quarterly basis.
The December Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock in whole or in part at any time and from time to time,
after the original issue date and prior to the Maturity Date, at a conversion price of per share. The December Notes will be accounted
for under ASC 470-20. 

On June 14, 2024, in a private
placement the Company sold Units to an investor who surrendered and terminated in aggregate principal amount and 
of interest accrued on the December Notes and paid in cash an aggregate amount of to the Company in consideration for the Units,
each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share and (ii) one common stock
purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock. The warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance
and have an exercise price of per share, payable in cash. The December Notes principal balance at June 30, 2024, is . 

In the year ended June 30, 2024,
the Company has recorded interest expense of related to the January 2024 Notes and December 2023 Notes. The January 2024 Notes
and December 2023 Notes balance at June 30, 2024 was of which is related to the December 2023 Notes and is
related to the January 2024 Notes. 

The 2023 Notes Between
September 5, 2023, and October 5, 2023, the Company entered into Subscription Agreements with five investors to purchase Original Issue
Discount Convertible Promissory Notes (the 2023 Notes for an aggregate principal amount of . The Company received
a total of in gross proceeds from the private placement, after taking into account the original issue discount. The
discount of was to be accreted over the life of the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes had an interest rate of per annum and were
due to mature on (the Maturity Date ). The Company was required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears,
in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following the issue date prior to the maturity of the 2023 Notes. Notwithstanding
the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest could accrue on the notes on a quarterly basis. The 2023 Notes were convertible
into shares of the Company s Common Stock upon the occurrence of a Qualified Offering (as defined below) or upon the Maturity Date. 

The 2023 Notes were subject to
mandatory conversion Mandatory Conversion in the event the Company closed an offering of its Common Stock and received
gross proceeds of not less than (a Qualified Offering ). The conversion price per share of Common Stock in the
case of a Mandatory Conversion was to be of the offering price per share in the Qualified Offering, subject to a floor of per
share. In addition, if no Qualified Offering occurred prior to the Maturity Date, the 2023 Notes were to automatically convert into
shares of Common Stock on the Maturity Date at a conversion price per share equal to the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the
Maturity Date, subject to a floor of per share. 

On January 11, 2024, the Company
entered into an amendment with one of the investors of the 2023 Notes whereas the conversion terms were amended to provide for optional
conversion at a conversion price of per share. All other terms of the Promissory Note remained the same. The Company treated this
as a modification for accounting purposes. 

On June 14, 2024, the Company
sold Units
to the holders of the 2023 Notes who surrendered and terminated in
aggregate principal amount and interest accrued thereon of the 2023 Notes and paid in cash an aggregate amount of (of
which was
applied against the Company s Promissory Notes), to the Company in consideration for the Units, each such Unit consisting of
(i) one share of the Company s common stock, par
value per share and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock. The warrants are
exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 
and per
share, payable in cash. The 2023 Notes principal balance at June 30, 2024, is zero . 

For the year ended
June 30, 2024, discount amortization of 
 was charged to interest expense and 
 of discount amortization was charged to other income and expense due to the early termination of the notes, respectively. In the
year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded interest expense of related to the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes balance, net of
discount at June 30, 2024 is zero . 

The Convertible Notes 
 On February 6, 2020, the Company issued two Convertible Notes (the Convertible Notes to Paseco ApS (the Holder ),
a Danish limited company and an existing stockholder of the Company, each with a face value amount of , convertible into shares
of Common Stock. The outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes was due and payable on February 6, 2023. Interest on the Convertible
Notes commenced accruing on the date of issuance at six percent per annum, computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months, and was
compounded monthly on the final day of each calendar month based upon the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest outstanding as
of such compound date. The interest was payable in cash on a semi-annual basis. 

The
conversion price was equal to 12.00 per share of Common Stock. The Holder did not exercise its conversion feature that expired on
February 6, 2021. The Company evaluated the Convertible Notes in accordance with ASC 470-20 and identified that they each contain an embedded
conversion feature that shall not be bifurcated from the host document (i.e., the Convertible Notes) as they are not deemed to be readily
convertible into cash. 

Effective December 30, 2022 (the
 Effective Date ), the Company amended and restated the Convertible Notes (the Amended and Restated Secured Notes ).
Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Secured Notes, the due date was extended to . The Amended and Restated Secured Notes
were convertible by the Holder if the Company consummated a public offering or private placement of Common Stock or securities convertible
into Common Stock. The conversion price was to be the price being paid by the investors in such offering. The interest rate was increased
to twelve percent per annum, which was prepaid by the Company in full on the date of amendment through the issuance of shares
of the Company s Common Stock: shares for accrued interest up to the Effective Date and shares related to the prepayment
of interest through the extension date of the Amended and Restated Secured Notes using the Common Stock closing market price on the Effective
Date, of . The obligations of the Company under the Amended and Restated Secured Notes were secured by a security agreement (the
 Security Agreement ). The Company evaluated the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and conversion feature to determine the
appropriate accounting treatment based on the terms of the agreement. In accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity,
the Company determined that the Amended and Restated Secured Notes embody an obligation that may require the Company to settle with the
issuance of a variable number of shares, where the monetary value of the obligation is based predominantly on a fixed monetary amount
of known at inception. Accordingly, the Company recorded the Amended and Restated Secured Notes as share settled debt. The
total value of the shares issued was which included of prepaid interest and for accrued interest as of December
30, 2022. On June 26, 2023, the Holder notified the Company that it wished to elect to exercise
its conversion right triggered by a private placement. Therefore, all outstanding Amended and Restated Secured Notes were converted
into 2,264,150 shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. There were no Amended and Restated Secured
Notes outstanding after the foregoing conversion. 

Notes Payable 

Bridge Loans Between
March 26, 2024 and June 4, 2024 the Company issued Paseco ApS promissory notes (the Notes in the aggregate principal and
interest accrued amount of . The Notes had an interest rate of per annum and were to mature between May 1, 2024, and August
1, 2024. The Notes were accounted for under ASC 470-20, and all proceeds received from the issuance was recognized as a liability on the
balance sheet. On June 14, 2024, the Company sold Units at a price per Unit equal to to settle the bridge loan aggregate
amount of . As of June 30, 2024 the Notes balance is zero. 

On February 5, 2024, the
Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio ApS, a Danish entity controlled by the Company s Chairman, Rene Sindlev RS Bio to issue a 
Original Issue Discount Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of .
The Company received 
in gross proceeds after taking into account the 
original issue discount. The note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and matured on and was extended to December 31, 2024. The obligations under this note are secured by the Amended
and Restated Security Agreement. The Company is required to pay interest on the maturity date. The note is accounted for under ASC
470-20, and all proceeds received from the issuance will be recognized as a liability on the balance sheet net of discount. For the
year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization of 
was charged to interest expense. As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued 
of interest expense that is included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet. The note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024
was . 

On January 2, 2024, the Company
entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue a Original Issue Discount Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of 
(the January 2024 Note ). The Company received a total of in gross proceeds after taking into account the original
issue discount. The January 2024 Note bears an interest rate of per annum and matured on and was extended to December 31, 2024. The Company
is required to pay interest on the maturity date. The January 2024 Note will be accounted for under ASC 470-20, and all proceeds received
from the issuance will be recognized as a liability on the balance sheet net of discount. For the year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization
of was charged to interest expense. As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued of interest expense that is included in accrued
expenses on the balance sheet. The Note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024 was . In connection with the entry into the
January 2024 Note, the Company and Paseco ApS agreed to amend and restate a Security Agreement to add the Company s obligations
under the November 2023 Note and the January 2024 Note to the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Amended and Restated Security Agreement). 

On November 22, 2023, Renovaro
Cube entered into a loan agreement where the holder agreed to loan the Company up to 500,000 (approximately 624,000 USD). The
note had a repayment date occurring the first business day after the first anniversary of the draw down of the loan. The first draw down
of 250,000 occurred on November 27, 2023, and the second draw down of 250,000 occurred on December 13, 2023. The Company
paid interest on the loan at the rate of 
per annum. Interest was accrued quarterly in arrears on the last business day of March, June, September, and December and was payable
on the repayment date. On June 14, 2024 the Company sold 
 Units to the holder and terminated 
 in aggregate principal amount and accrued interest and received in cash an aggregate amount of 
 in consideration for the Units which was applied against the loan. For the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded 
 of interest expense related to this loan. The total amount of the loan at June 30, 2024, is zero . 

On November 3, 2023, the
Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue a 
Original Issue Discount Promissory Note for the principal amount of 
(the November 2023 Note ). The Company received a total of 
in gross proceeds after taking into account the 
original issue discount. The discount of 
will be accreted over the life of the Note. The November 2023 Note bears an interest rate of 
per annum and was due to mature on (the Maturity Date ). On January 1, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment with RS
Bio for the November 2023 Note to extend the maturity date to and was extended to December 31, 2024. The Company is required to pay interest on the maturity
date. The November 2023 Note will be accounted for under ASC 470-20, and all proceeds received from the issuance will be recognized
as a liability on the balance sheet net of discount. On February 16, 2024, the Company received notice from the holder to exercise 
warrants outstanding at 
per share and apply 
of the note balance to the exercise price of the warrants. For the year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization of 
was charged to interest expense. As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued 
of interest expense that is included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet. The November 2023 Note balance, net of discount at
June 30, 2024 is . 

Promissory Note On
March 30, 2020 (the Issuance Date ), the Company issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Promissory
Note to the Holder. The principal amount of the Promissory Note was originally payable on (the Maturity
Date ). The Promissory Note bore interest at a fixed rate of per annum, computed based on the number of days between the Issuance
Date and the Maturity Date, and the interest was prepaid by the Company in full on the Issuance Date through the issuance of shares
of the Company s Common Stock based on the closing market price on that date for a total value of . The Company evaluated
the Promissory Note and PIK interest in accordance with ASC 470-Debt and ASC 835-Interest, respectively. Pursuant to ASC 470-20, proceeds
received from the issuance are to be recognized at their relative fair value, thus the liability is shown net of the corresponding discount
of , which is the relative fair value of the shares issued for the PIK interest on the closing date using the effective interest
method. The discount of will be accreted over the life of the Promissory Note. 

On February 11, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the Promissory Note that extended the Maturity Date to November 30, 2022. All other terms of the Promissory
Note remained the same. The change in Maturity Date required an additional year of interest at the fixed rate of per annum, which was
prepaid by the Company in full on the date of the amendment through the issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock
based on the closing market price on that date for a total value of . 

On May 17, 2022, the Company entered
into a second amendment to the Promissory Note that extended the Maturity Date to and increased the interest rate from
 to per annum. All other terms of the Promissory Note remained the same. The change in Maturity Date required an additional year
of interest at the fixed rate of 12 per annum. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company prepaid interest for the period November 30, 2022
until May 30, 2023 on the date of the amendment through the issuance of shares of the Company s Common Stock based on the
closing market price on that date for a total value of . All other accrued interest payable from May 30, 2023 to the Maturity
Date was required to be paid by the Company on May 30, 2023, at the option of the Holder in either (i) cash or (ii) shares of the Company s
Common Stock, valued at the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 30, 2023. The Holder elected the
interest be paid in cash (the Interest Payment ). 

Effective December 30, 2022, the
Company entered into a third amendment to the Promissory Note. Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company s obligations under
the Promissory Note were secured by a Security Agreement. To secure the Company s obligations under each of the Amended and Restated
Secured Notes and the Promissory Note, the Company entered into a Security Agreement with the Holder, pursuant to which the Company granted
a lien on all assets of the Company (the Collateral for the benefit of the Holder. Upon an Event of Default (as defined
in the Amended and Restated Secured Notes and Promissory Note, respectively) the Holder may, among other things, collect or take possession
of the Collateral, proceed with the foreclosure of the security interest in the Collateral or sell, lease, or dispose of the Collateral. 

On June 12, 2023, the Holder notified
the Company that it wanted to apply the Interest Payment due to it towards the Company s next private placement. Therefore, on June
26, 2023, in conjunction with the Company s private placement, the Company issued (i) shares of its Common Stock, par value
 per share and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share and applied the
Interest Payment of it owed to the Holder. 

On July 31, 2023, the Company and
the Holder agreed to amend the Promissory Note (the Fourth Amendment to provide the Holder with limited conversion rights
in connection with the Company s next private placement. Per the terms of the Fourth Amendment, the Holder could elect to convert
 2 million of the outstanding principal balance of the Promissory Note into the Units being offered in a private placement at the price
per Unit being paid by the investors in the private placement (the Conversion Right ). On August 1, 2023, the Holder notified
the Company of its election to exercise the Conversion Right. As a result, 2 million of the outstanding principal balance of the Promissory
Note was converted into 280,505 Units at 7.13 per unit, comprised of an aggregate of (i) 280,505 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company and (ii) Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,402,525 shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of 0.65 per
share. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock acquired by the Holder was initially convertible into 2,805,050 shares of Common Stock.
A 3 million principal balance remained outstanding under the Promissory Note after the foregoing conversion. The Company concluded that
in accordance with ASC 470-20-40-4, the difference between the fair value of the Preferred Shares and warrants and the carrying value
of the portion of the Note being converted should be recognized as an extinguishment. The extinguishment loss of 120,018 is recorded
in Other Income/Loss in the Statement of Operations. On November 30, 2023, the Company and the Holder agreed to amend the Promissory Note
(the Fifth Amendment such that the Company and the Holder extended the maturity of the original Promissory Note until February
29, 2024. In addition, all interest payable from November 30, 2023 to the Maturity Date was payable and is currently payable by the Company
as of November 30, 2023. On February 16, 2024, the Company received notice from the Holder to exercise 2,953,700 warrants outstanding
ranging from 0.53 to 0.65 per share and apply 1,750,000 of the note balance to the exercise price of the warrants. On February 29,
2024, the Company and the Holder agreed to amend the Promissory Note (the Sixth Amendment to where the Company and the
Holder extended the maturity of the original Promissory Note until May 1, 2024. On May 1, 2024, the Company and the Holder agreed to amend
the Promissory Note (the Seventh Amendment to extend the maturity of the original Promissory Note until August 1, 2024.
On June 14, 2024 the Holder requested the Company repay of the Promissory Note. The Company applied and owed
to the Company pursuant to certain Subscription Agreements. As such, payment of the 2020 Note Repayment decreased the principal amount
by . For the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, discount amortization of and was charged to interest expense.
The Promissory Note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024 is . 

Finance Agreement 

On November 30, 2023, the Company
entered into a premium finance agreement (the Agreement related to insurance, which
resulted in the recognition of a liability and prepaid expense with a principal amount of at interest per annum,
which is reflected on the consolidated balance sheet under other current liabilities and prepaid assets and other
assets , respectively. The repayment of the Agreement will be made in nine equal monthly installments of after a down
payment of . For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 the Company made payments of and , respectively.
 The remaining balance at June 30, 2024 is ; the amount is reflected in other current liabilities. For
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 the Company recorded total interest expense in the amount of and related
to the Agreement. This amount is reflected in other income and expenses. 

Total
interest expense recorded for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. 

and , respectively, giving rise to deferred tax assets of and , respectively.
The net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to January 1, 2018 expire over various dates from 2031 to 2038. All subsequent net
operating loss carryforwards are indefinite. 

The Company files Danish and U.S.
income tax returns and these returns are generally no longer subject to tax examinations for years prior to 2020 for the Danish tax returns
and 2021 for the U.S. tax returns. 

The temporary differences, tax
credits and carry forwards gave rise to the following deferred tax assets (liabilities) at June 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Excess of tax over book depreciation of patents 

Stock/options compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Impairment expense 

Contingent consideration fair value 

Change in tax rate 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Total Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities) 

In accordance with prevailing accounting
guidance, the Company is required to recognize and disclose any income tax uncertainties. The guidance provides a two-step approach to
recognizing and measuring tax benefits and liabilities when realization of the tax position is uncertain. The first step is to determine
whether the tax position meets the more-likely-than-not condition for recognition, and the second step is to determine the amount to be
recognized based on the cumulative probability that exceeds 50 . The amount of and ultimate realization of the benefits from the deferred
tax assets for income tax purposes is dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, the Company s future earnings, and other
future events, the effects of which can be difficult to determine and can only be estimated. Management estimates that it is more likely
than not that the Company will not generate adequate net profits to use the deferred tax assets; and consequently, a valuation allowance
was recorded for all deferred tax assets. 

A reconciliation of income tax
expense at the federal statutory rate to income tax expense at the Company s effective rate is as follows for the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023: 

() 
 
 Non-US income taxed at different rates 

Non-deductible expenses / other items 

Valuation allowance 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

The components of income tax expense
(benefit) from continuing operations for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 

Total Current Tax Expense (Benefit) 

Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

Excess of tax over book depreciation of fixed assets 

Excess of tax over book depreciation of patents 

Stock/options compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Impairment expense 

Contingent consideration fair value 

Change in tax rate 

Change in the valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Total Deferred Tax Expense 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
results primarily from the reversal of temporary timing differences between tax and financial statement income. 

authorized shares of Preferred Stock, par value 
per share, 
of which have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. At June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were zero shares of
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Voting Holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be permitted to vote on all matters required or permitted to be voted on by the holders of Common Stock
of the Company and shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to ten votes for the number of shares of Common Stock into which such
holder s shares of Preferred Stock could then be converted in accordance with conversion rights. 

Dividends The
Company shall pay dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) to and in the same
form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. No
other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation Rights 
In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders,
before any payment shall be made to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount in cash equal to the aggregate
liquidation value of all shares held by such holder. The Series A Preferred Stock is not participating preferred. 

Conversion Rights On
or after the date of issuance, any holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right by written election (a Series A Election
Notice to the Company to convert all or any portion of the outstanding Shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder
into an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock as is determined by multiplying the number of Shares to be converted by ten (10) (the
 Conversion Ratio ). 

Common Stock 
The Company has authorized shares of Common Stock, par value 
per share. At June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. At June 30, 2024
the Company has shares issuable, which are included in shares outstanding, related to the contingent consideration settlement
(see Notes 3 and 12). 

Voting Holders of
Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the
election of directors, and do not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 

Dividends Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as the Company s Board of Directors from time to time may declare
out of funds legally available. 

Liquidation Rights 
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, after payment of all debts and liabilities,
the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the distribution of any remaining assets. 

Purchase Agreement with Lincoln
Park Capital 

On June
20, 2023, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the 2023 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which
the Company may sell and issue to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase, up to of shares of Common Stock
over the 36-month term of the 2023 Purchase Agreement. Concurrently with entering into the 2023 Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered
into a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which it agreed to provide Lincoln Park with certain registration
rights related to the shares issued under the 2023 Purchase Agreement. 

In consideration for entering into
the 2023 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee on June 20, 2023. 

During the years ended June 30,
2024 and June 30, 2023 no shares of Common Stock to Lincoln Park were sold under the Purchase Agreement. 

Preferred Stock Issuances 

On August 1, 2023, the Company
closed a private placement of units (the Units ), each consisting of (i) one share of the Company s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (the Preferred Stock and (ii) one Common Stock purchase warrant (each, a Warrant ,
and together with the Units and the shares of Preferred Stock, the Securities to purchase five shares of the Company s
Common Stock, at a price per Unit equal to for aggregate proceeds to the Company of in cash. In addition, the Company
issued Units in connection with the conversion of of the Promissory Note (see Note 7). 

The Company issued an
aggregate of 
shares of Preferred Stock, which were initially convertible into an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock. In connection with the private placement, the Company sold warrants to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock. The warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of 
per share, payable in cash. 

On February 13, 2024 pursuant
to the acquisition of Renovaro Cube, the shares
of Preferred Stock were converted into an aggregate of shares
of Common Stock. As of June 30, 2024 there were zero shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. The extinguishment loss of is
recorded in Other Income/Loss in the Statement of Operations (see Note 7). 

June
2024 Private Placement 

On
June 14, 2024, Renovaro Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company closed a private placement of 
of the Company s units, each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, 
par value per share and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock, with certain
investors (the Private Placement ). The Warrants are exercisable for five years from the date of issuance and have an
exercise price of 1.4726 and 
per share, payable in cash. 

The Private
Placement was completed pursuant to Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Regulation S ). 

In the Private Placement, the
Company sold Units at a price per Unit equal to to a certain investor who
paid in cash and settlement of debt an aggregate amount of in consideration for
the Units. 

Additionally, the Company sold
 Units to certain investors who surrendered and terminated , 955,033 
in aggregate principal amount and interest accrued thereon of certain convertible promissory notes issued by the Company in 2023 and 2024
and paid in cash an aggregate amount of to the Company in consideration for the Units. 

Additionally,
the Company sold Units to an investor who surrendered and terminated in
aggregate principal amount and interest accrued thereon of a convertible promissory note issued in 2023 and paid in cash an aggregate
amount of to the Company in consideration for the Units. 

In relation to the June 14, 2024 Private Placement the Company recognized
a loss on the settlement of debt for which was recorded in other income (expense) in the statement of operations for the year
ended June 30, 2024. 

Common Stock Issuances 

On April 5, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock for consulting services valued at . 

On February 20, 2024, 
warrants outstanding were exercised at prices ranging from to per share and the aggregate of a promissory note
held by the holder was applied to the exercise price of the warrants (see Note 7). 

On February 20, 2024, warrants
outstanding were exercised at per share valued at A promissory note held by the holder was applied to the exercise
price of the warrants in lieu of cash proceeds (see Note 8). 

On February 15, 2024, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock for consulting services valued at . 

On
February 15, 2024, the Company closed a private placement of shares of Common Stock, par value, at 2.90 per share for
aggregate proceeds to the Company of in cash. 

On
February 13, 2024, the Company issued valued
at (see
Note 12) shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement of Renovaro Cube. 

On December 4, 2023, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock pursuant to warrants exercised for cash proceeds of . 

On October 23, 2023, the
Company issued shares
of Common Stock valued at for advisory services to Avram Miller, a member of the Company s board of directors. 

Between July 28, 2023, and
September 28, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of Common Stock for consulting services valued at . 

On
June 26, 2023, the Company issued shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock resulting
in proceeds of in a private placement offering and the reduction of notes payable of . The warrants were immediately
exercisable and had an exercise term of five years with an exercise price of per share. The combined purchase price for one share
of Common Stock and one warrant was per share. 

On
June 26, 2023, the Company issued shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock resulting
in proceeds of in a private placement offering and the aforementioned reduction of notes payable of . The
warrants were immediately exercisable and had an exercise term of five years with an exercise price of per share. The combined purchase
price for one share of Common Stock and one warrant was per share. 

On June 20, 2023, the Company issued
 shares of Common Stock to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee as part of a purchase agreement. 

On April 27, 2023, there were 
shares issued that immediately vested and were converted into shares of Common Stock in exchange for consulting services valued at . 

During
March 2023, the Company issued shares of Common Stock and warrants
to purchase shares of Common Stock resulting in proceeds of in a private placement offering. The Company effected
the issuances of the shares of Common Stock from March 13, 2023 to March 29, 2023. The purchase warrants were immediately exercisable
and had an exercise term of five years with an exercise price of per share. The combined purchase price for one share of Common
Stock and one Purchase Warrant was per share. 

On
February 10, 2023, there were restricted share units issued that immediately vested and were converted into shares of Common
Stock in exchange for consulting services valued at . 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common stock valued at based on the closing price of the common stock
on that date, issued in lieu of prepaid interest related to the amended and restated secured notes (see Note 7). 

On
July 14, 2022, certain of our warrant holders exercised warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock for total proceeds
to the Company of , with corresponding earn-out distribution of the same number of shares in connection with the acquisition
of Renovaro Biosciences, based on the share price on that date of . This non-cash earn-out distribution impacted stockholders 
equity in the amount of based on the share price on July 14, 2022, of . 

2017
Warrants 

On
July 14, 2022, certain of our warrant holders exercised warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock for total proceeds
to the Company of , with corresponding earn-out distribution of the same number of shares in connection with the acquisition
of Renovaro Biosciences. This non-cash earn-out distribution impacted stockholders equity in the amount of based
on the share price on July 14, 2022 of . The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of contingent consideration liability of
 during the year ended June 30, 2024 which reflected the difference between the fair value of the shares and the contingent
consideration liability at the time of extinguishment. As of June 30, 2023, all outstanding warrants as of the date of acquisition of
Renovaro Biosciences (the 2017 Warrants were exercised and there is no further contingent consideration liability related
to the 2017 Warrants remaining as of June 30, 2024. 

Acquisition
of Renovaro Biopharma / Contingently issuable shares 

On
February 16, 2018, the acquisition of Renovaro Biosciences was completed. As part of the acquisition, the stockholders of Renovaro Biosciences
received (i) 18,081,962 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) the right to receive Contingent Shares of Common Stock pro rata upon the exercise
or conversion of warrants, which were outstanding at closing. As of June 30, 2024, further Contingent Shares are issuable. 

Acquisition
of Renovaro Denmark 

At
June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company maintained a reserve of Escrow Shares, all of which are reflected as issued and outstanding
in the accompanying financial statements. The Escrow Shares are reserved to acquire the shares of Renovaro Denmark held by non-consenting
shareholders of Renovaro Denmark on both June 30, 2024 and 2023, in accordance with Section 70 of the Danish Companies Act and the Articles
of Association of Renovaro Denmark. There have been shares of Common Stock issued to non-consenting shareholders of Renovaro
Denmark as of June 30, 2024. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did t issue any shares of Common Stock to such
non-consenting shareholders of Renovaro Denmark. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
Company recognizes compensation costs for stock option awards to employees based on their grant-date fair value. The value of each stock
option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In the year ended June 30, 2024, the weighted-average
assumptions used to estimate the grant date fair values of the stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are
as follows: 

Volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

- 

Dividend yield 

The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to all equity
instruments of and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At June 30, 2024, the Company had approximately
 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options. 

Plan Options 

On February 6, 2014, the Company s
Board of Directors adopted the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ), and the Company had reserved
 shares of Common Stock for issuance in accordance with the terms of the 2014 Plan. 

On October 30, 2019, the Board
approved and on October 31, 2019, the Company s stockholders adopted its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ),
which replaced the 2014 Plan. The 2019 Plan provided that the maximum aggregate number of shares of the Company s Common Stock reserved
and available for issuance under the 2019 Plan was the sum of (1) 6,000,000 new shares, and (2) the number of shares available for the
grant of awards as of the effective date under the 2014 Plan plus any options related to awards that expire, are terminated, surrendered,
or forfeited for any reason without issuance of shares under the 2014 Plan after the effective date of the 2019 Plan. 

Effective July 21, 2023, the Company
adopted the Renovaro Biosciences Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ). The 2023 Plan replaced the 2019 Plan.
The 2023 Plan provides that the maximum aggregate number of shares of the Company s Common Stock reserved and available for issuance
under the 2023 Plan was the sum of (1) 4,000,000 new shares, and (2) the number of shares available for the grant of awards as of the
effective date under the 2019 Plan. Any awards outstanding under the 2019 Plan as of the date of adoption of the 2023 Plan remain subject
to and will be available under the 2019 Plan, and any shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2019 Plan that subsequently expire,
terminate, or are surrendered or forfeited for any reason without issuance of shares automatically become available for issuance under
the 2023 Plan. 

The Company granted options
to purchase shares of Common Stock to employees with a three-year vesting period during the year June 30, 2024 under the 2019
and 2023 Plan. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company granted options to purchase shares to employees with a three-year
vesting period under the 2019 Plan. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted options to purchase zero and , respectively, and zero and 
forfeited shares of Common stock to employees with a six-month vesting period, respectively under the 2019 Plan. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted options to purchase zero and issued and forfeited, and 
shares of Common stock, respectively, to employees with a one-year vesting period, respectively under the 2019 Plan. 

During the years ended June 30,
2024 and 2023, the Company granted options to purchase and shares, respectively, to the Board of Directors and Scientific
Advisory Board Members with a one-year vesting period, under the 2019 and 2023 Plan. 

During the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted options to purchase 
and zero shares, respectively, to the Board of Directors and Scientific Advisory Board Members with immediate vesting, under the
2019 and 2023 Plan. 

During the years ended June 30,
2024, and 2023, the Company granted options to purchase and shares, respectively, for consulting services with a one-year
vesting period, under the 2019 and 2023 Plan. 

All of the above options are exercisable
at the market price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. On February 13, 2024, the Company repriced 3,849,931
eligible employee and consultant options from the original issued exercise price to a new exercise price of 1.92 per share, the closing
price of the Company s Common Stock on February 13, 2024. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the
repricing of options of 921,254 during the year ended June 30, 2024. 

To date the Company has granted
options under the 2014, 2019 and 2023 Plans Plan Options to purchase shares of Common Stock. At June 30, 2024,
the Company has options available to be issued under the 2023 Plan. 

A summary of the Plan Options outstanding at June 30,
2024 is presented below: 

Total 

A summary of changes are presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired/Canceled 

Outstanding at June 30, 2024 

Exercisable at June 30, 2024 

At June 30, 2024, the Company had Plan Options to purchase 4,064,066 shares
of common stock that were exercisable. The total intrinsic value of options exercisable at June 30, 2024, was 525,943 .
Intrinsic value is measured using the fair value at the date of exercise (for shares exercised) and at June 30, 2024 (for outstanding
options), less the applicable exercise price. 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

A summary of the status of the
Common Stock Purchase Warrants outstanding at June 30, 2024, is presented below: 

Total 

A summary of the warrant activity is presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/Expired 

Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2024 

At June 30, 2024, the Company had exercisable Common Stock Purchase
Warrants outstanding. The total intrinsic value of warrants exercisable at June 30, 2024, was .
Intrinsic value is measured using the fair market value at the date of exercise (for shares exercised) and at June 30, 2024 (for outstanding
warrants), less the applicable exercise price. 

Restricted Stock Awards (RSA) 

The Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense related to RSAs of for the year ended June 30, 2024. The restricted stock awards are related to a
grant of shares of restricted stock with a 3-year vesting period made to a director as consideration for advisory
services, with a total value of . At June 30, 2024, the Company had of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
remaining to be amortized. 

The Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense related to other RSAs of for the year ended June 30, 2023. These restricted stock awards are related to
a grant of shares of restricted stock made to a consultant as consideration for consulting services. 

million within 7 days of January
31, 2020, along with additional payments upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the technology set forth in the
HBV License Agreement, in each case subject to the terms of the HBV License Agreement. Additionally, the HBV License Agreement provides
for cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Treatment and for a royalty to G-Tech on any net
sales that may occur under the HBV License. On February 6, 2020, the Company paid the million up-front payment. The HBV License Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the parties with respect to the development of the Treatment and the
HBV License. 

The cash funding for research costs
pursuant to the HBV License Agreement consisted of monthly payments amounting to 144,500 that covered scientific staffing resources to
complete the project as well as periodic payments for materials and equipment needed to complete the project. There were no payments made
after January 31, 2022. The Company paid zero under the HBV License Agreement in the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023. The Company
has filed a claim against the Licensors, which includes certain payments it made related to this license (see Contingencies sub-section
below). 

On April 18, 2021, the Company
entered into a Statement of Work and License Agreement (the License Development Agreement ), by and among the Company, G-Tech
and SRI (collectively, the Licensors ), whereby the Company acquired a perpetual sublicensable, exclusive license (the Development
License to research, develop, and commercialize certain formulations which were aimed at preventing and treating pan-coronavirus
or the potential combination of the pan-coronavirus and pan-influenza, including the SARS-coronavirus that causes COVID-19 and pan-influenza
(the Prevention and Treatment ). 

The Development License Agreement
was entered into pursuant to the existing Framework Agreement between the parties dated November 15, 2019. The Development License Agreement
states that in consideration for the Development License, the Company shall provide cash funding for research costs and equipment and
certain other in-kind funding related to the Prevention and Treatment over a 24-month period. Additionally, the License Agreement provides
for an up-front payment of and a payment for expenditures to date prior to the effective date related to research
towards the Prevention and Treatment within 60 days of April 18, 2021. The Development License Agreement provides for additional payments
upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the technology set forth in the Development License Agreement, in each
case subject to the terms of the Development License Agreement. 

The Development License Agreement
provides for cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Prevention and Treatment and for a 3 royalty
to G-Tech on any net sales that may occur under the Development License Agreement. The Company is no longer pursuing any product candidates
that relate to this license. The Company has filed a claim against the Licensors to recover all monies it paid related to this license
(see Contingencies sub-section below). 

On August 25, 2021, the Company
entered into an ALC Patent License and Research Funding Agreement in the HIV Field (the ALC License Agreement with Serhat
G mr kc and SRI (collectively, the Licensors whereby the Licensors granted the Company an exclusive, worldwide,
perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, proprietary technology subject to a U.S. patent application,
to make, use, offer to sell, sell or import products for use solely for the prevention, treatment, amelioration of or therapy exclusively
for HIV in humans, and research and development exclusively relating to HIV in humans; provided the Licensors retained the right to conduct
HIV research in the field. Pursuant to the ALC License Agreement, the Company granted a non-exclusive license back to the Licensors, under
any patents or other intellectual property owned or controlled by the Company, to the extent arising from the ALC License, to make, use,
offer to sell, sell or import products for use in the diagnosis, prevention, treatment, amelioration or therapy of any (i) HIV Comorbidities
and (ii) any other diseases or conditions outside the HIV Field. The Company made an initial payment to SRI of and agreed to
fund future HIV research conducted by the Licensors, as mutually agreed to by the parties. On September 10, 2021, pursuant to the ALC
License Agreement, the Company paid the initial payment of . 

G-Tech and SRI are controlled by
Anderson Wittekind, a stockholder of the Company. 

Shares held for non-consenting
shareholders The remaining shares of Common Stock related to the Acquisition of Renovaro Denmark have been reflected
as issued and outstanding in the accompanying financial statements. There were zero shares of Common Stock issued to such non-consenting
stockholders during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (see Note 9.) 

Service Agreements The
Company maintains employment agreements with certain senior staff in the ordinary course of business. 

Contingencies 

Securities Class Action Litigation .
On July 26, 2022 and July 28, 2022, securities class action complaints (the
former, the Chow Action and the latter, the Manici Action were filed by purported stockholders of the Company
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against the Company and certain of the Company s current
and former officers and directors. The complaints allege, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements and omissions of
material fact in connection with the Company s relationship with Serhat G mr kc and its commercial prospects. The
complaints seek unspecified damages, interest, fees, and costs. On November 22, 2022, the Manici Action was voluntarily dismissed without
prejudice, but the Chow action remains pending. On October 22, 2023, the Court appointed a lead plaintiff in the Chow Action. The
lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint on December 15, 2023. The Company has filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on March
15, 2024. The Court denied the Company s motion to dismiss on June 28, 2024. A mediation was held on September 17, 2024, and the
parties have come to an agreement in principle to settle the class action. 

Federal Derivative Litigation .
On September 22, 2022, Samuel E. Koenig filed a shareholder derivative action
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. On January 19, 2023, John Solak filed a substantially similar
shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Both derivative actions recite similar
underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation. The actions, filed on behalf of the Company, name Serhat
G mr kc and certain of the Company s current and former directors as defendants. The actions also name the Company
as a nominal defendant. The actions allege violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also set
out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiffs do
not quantify any alleged injury, but seek damages, disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and expenses. On January 24, 2023, the United
States District Court for the Central District of California stayed the Koenig matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated
motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On April 4, 2023, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
stayed the Solak matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation.
On June 28, 2024, the United States District Court for the Central District of California denied defendants motion to dismiss the
Securities Class Action Litigation. The deadline for the parties to file a proposed schedule or to continue the stay or proceedings in
the Koenig matter is October 21, 2024. The deadline for the parties to file a proposed schedule or to continue the stay or proceedings
in the Solak matter is October 22, 2024. The defendants have not yet responded to either complaint. The Company intends to contest these
matters but expresses no opinion as to the likelihood of favorable outcomes. Management is unable to determine the likelihood of a loss,
including a possible range of losses, if any, arising from this matter as of the reporting date. 

State Derivative Litigation .
On October 20, 2022, Susan Midler filed a shareholder derivative action in
the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County, reciting similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action
Litigation. The action, filed on behalf of the Company, names Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s current
and former directors as defendants. The action also names the Company as a nominal defendant. The action sets out claims for breaches
of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement. Plaintiff does not quantify any alleged
injury, but seeks damages, disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and expenses. On January 20, 2023, the Court stayed the Midler matter
pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On June 28, 2024,
the United States District Court for the Central District of California denied defendants motion to dismiss the Securities Class
Action Litigation. The deadline for the parties to file a proposed schedule or to continue the stay or proceedings in the Midler matter
is October 23, 2024. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint. The Company intends
to contest this matter but expresses no opinion as to the likelihood of a favorable outcome. Management is unable to determine the likelihood
of a loss, including a possible range of losses, if any, arising from this matter as of the reporting date. 

On October
21, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles against Serhat
G mr kc , William Anderson Wittekind Wittekind ), G Tech Bio LLC G Tech ), SG AW Holdings,
LLC, and Seraph Research Institute SRI (collectively, the Defendants ). The Complaint alleges that the Defendants
engaged in a concerted, deliberate scheme to alter, falsify, and misrepresent to the Company the results of multiple studies supporting
its Hepatitis B and SARS-CoV-2/influenza pipelines. Specifically, Defendants manipulated negative results to reflect positive
outcomes from various studies, and even fabricated studies out of whole cloth. As a result of the Defendants conduct, the
Company claims that it paid approximately 25 million to Defendants and third-parties that it would not otherwise have paid. 
On April 21, 2023, defendants Wittekind, G Tech, SG AW Holdings, LLC, and SRI filed a demurrer with respect to some, but not all,
of the Company s claims, as well as a motion to strike. On September 6, 2023, the court denied in part and granted in part the pending
motions. On September 7, 2023, the court entered a case management order setting the final status conference, trial, and other intervening
deadlines. 

On December
4, 2023, the Defendants answered the Company s First Amended Complaint and G Tech and SRI filed a Cross-Complaint. In the Cross-Complaint,
G Tech and SRI seek declaratory and injunctive relief related to certain agreements between G Tech, SRI, and the Company, including,
 inter alia , a declaration that the Framework Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2019, the Statement of Work License
Agreement, effective as of January 31, 2020, and the Statement of Work and License Agreement for Influenza and Coronavirus Indications,
effective as of April 18, 2021, have been terminated and the Company has no rights to any license under such agreements. Trial is currently
scheduled to begin on March 3, 2025. The Company denies these allegations and intends to vigorously defend against the cross claims while
pursuing its claims against the Defendants. 

On March 1, 2021, the Company s
former Chief Financial Officer, Robert Wolfe and his company, Crossfield, Inc., filed a Complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District
of Vermont against the Company, Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS, and certain directors and officers. In the Complaint, Mr. Wolfe and
Crossfield, Inc. asserted claims for abuse of process and malicious prosecution, alleging, inter alia, that the Company lacked probable
cause to file and prosecute an earlier action, and sought millions of dollars of compensatory damages, as well as punitive damages. The
allegations in the Complaint relate to an earlier action filed by the Company and Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS in the Vermont Superior
Court, Orange Civil Division. On March 3, 2022, the court partially granted the Company s motion to dismiss, dismissing the abuse
of process claim against all defendants and all claims against Mark Dybul and Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen. On November 29, 2022,
the Company filed a motion for summary judgment with respect to the sole remaining claim of malicious prosecution. On August 24, 2023,
the court denied the motion for summary judgment. The court vacated the July 15, 2024 trial date and has yet to re-set the trial date.
The Company denies the allegations set forth in the Complaint and will continue to vigorously defend against the remaining claim. 

On June
7, 2023, Weird Science LLC Weird Science ), Wittekind, the William Anderson Wittekind 2020 Annuity Trust, the William Anderson
Wittekind 2021 Annuity Trust, the Dybul 2020 Angel Annuity Trust, and the Ty Mabry 2021 Annuity Trust (such trusts, collectively, the
 Trusts (collectively, Plaintiffs filed a Verified Complaint against the Company in the Court of Chancery
of Delaware. In the Verified Complaint, Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached the February 16, 2018 Investor Rights Agreement between
the Company, Weird Science, and RS Group ApS (the Investor Rights Agreement ). According to the Verified Complaint, the Investor
Rights Agreement required the Company to (i) notify all Holders of Registrable Securities at least 30 days
prior to filing a registration statement and (ii) afford such Holders an opportunity to have their Registrable Securities included in
such registration statement. Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached these registration rights by failing to provide the required
notice in connection with S-3 registration statements filed by the Company on July 13, 2020 and February 11, 2022. The Company moved to
dismiss the Verified Complaint on September 15, 2023. 

On December
4, 2023, in lieu of opposing the motion to dismiss, Plaintiffs filed a Verified First Amended Complaint FAC ). In the FAC,
Plaintiffs assert claims against the Company and others for purported breaches of the Investor Rights Agreement, fraud, tortious interference
with a contract, and several other torts. Plaintiffs seek compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages, as well as certain declaratory
relief, specific performance, and pre- and post-judgment interest, costs, and attorneys fees. The Company filed a motion to dismiss
the FAC on December 18, 2023. The Court scheduled oral argument on the motions to dismiss for November 15, 2024. The Company denies Plaintiffs 
allegations and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. 

On August 24, 2023, counsel on
behalf of Weird Science, Wittekind, individually, and Wittekind, as trustee of the Trusts served a demand to inspect the Company s
books and records (the Demand pursuant to Delaware General Corporation Law, 220 Section 220 ).
The Demand seeks the Company s books and records in connection with various issues identified in the Demand. The Company takes
its obligations under Section 220 seriously and, to the extent that the requests are proper under Section 220, intends to comply with
those obligations. 

On January 19, 2024, Weird Science
and Wittekind sent the Company s Board of Directors a letter demanding it take corrective actions with respect to twenty-one issues
identified therein. On February 27, 2024, Weird Science and Wittekind sent the Company s Board of Directors a supplemental letter
that expanded their demand for corrective actions to twenty-six issues. In response to these demand letters, the Board of Directors initially
formed a Special Committee Special Committee of independent directors on February 29, 2024. The Special Committee retained
Stradling Yocca Carlson Rauth LLP as its counsel to investigate the issues identified in the demand letters. The Special Committee s
investigation is ongoing. 

On January 23, 2024, Weird Science and Wittekind filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States
District Court for the Central District of California against certain officers, directors, and investors of the Company, as well as other
defendants, in connection with, inter alia , Weird Science and Wittekind s demand for corrective action. Plaintiffs filed
an amended complaint on June 21, 2024. The First Amended Verified Stockholder Derivative Complaint Derivative Complaint alleges, among other claims, violations of Section 13(d) and 14(a) and Rules 10b-5(a), 10b-5(c) and 14a-9 of the Exchange Act of 1934.
The Derivative Complaint also includes claims of breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste, unjust enrichment, and contribution/indemnification.
Weird Science and Wittekind seek unspecified compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages and certain injunctive relief. The Derivative
Complaint names the Company as a nominal defendant. On July 19, 2024, certain of the director defendants, who had agreed to waive service
of the summons and Derivative Complaint, filed a motion to dismiss the Derivative Complaint on a variety of procedural and substantive
grounds. A hearing on the motion dismiss was held on October 3, 2024 and the court subsequently took the motion under submission. The
director defendants deny the allegations in the Derivative Complaint and intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted therein. 

On June 21, 2024, the Company
filed suit against Weird Science, Wittekind, and certain trusts in connection with the February 16, 2018 merger involving the Company
and two companies closely associated with Gumrukcu. In the complaint, the Company alleges that Gumrukcu and others deliberately and fraudulently
concealed a murder-for-hire scheme from the Company in order to induce the Company to enter into the merger agreement, which resulted
in the defendants receiving shares and compensation. The Company asserts claims for fraudulent concealment, equitable fraud, unjust enrichment,
and civil conspiracy and seeks, inter alia , equitable relief, including, but not limited to, return to the Company any shares received
in connection with the merger, and damages. On October 1, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. 

of compensation related expenses for the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mark Dybul, related to budget constraints. 

On February 16, 2024, the Company
received an exercise notice from RS Bio ApS RS Bio to exercise warrants outstanding at an exercise price of 
per share. Mr. Rene Sindlev, the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, holds the sole voting and disposition power of the
shares owned by RS Bio. RS Bio applied of one of its outstanding note payable balance to the exercise price (see Note 7.) 

On February 5, 2024, the Company
entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue a Original Issue Discount Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of .
The Company received in gross proceeds after taking into account the original issue discount. The Note bears an interest rate
of per annum and matured on . The obligations under this Note are secured by the Amended and Restated Security Agreement
(see Note 7). The Company is required to pay interest on the maturity date. For the year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization of
 was charged to interest expense. As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued of interest expense that is included in accrued
expenses on the balance sheet. The Note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024 is (see Note 7.) 

On January 2, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue
a Original Issue Discount Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of (the January 2024 Note ). The Company
received a total of in gross proceeds after taking into account the original issue discount. The January 2024 Note bears
an interest rate of per annum and shall mature on (the Maturity Date is past due. The Company is required
to pay interest on the maturity date. For the year ended June 30, 2024, discount amortization of was charged to interest expense.
As of June 30, 2024, the Company accrued of interest expense that is included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet. The January
2024 Note balance, net of discount at June 30, 2024 is (see Note 7.) In connection with the entry into the January 2024 Note,
the Company and Paseco ApS agreed to amend and restate the Security Agreement (see Note 7) to add the Company s obligations under
the November 2023 Note and the January 2024 Note to the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Amended and Restated Security Agreement). 

On November 3, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio to
issue a Original Issue Discount Promissory Note for the principal amount of (the November 2023 Note ). The
Company received a total of in gross proceeds after taking into account the original issue discount. The discount of
 will be accreted over the life of the Note. The Note bears an interest rate of per annum and shall mature on 
(the Maturity Date is past due. The Company is required to pay interest on the maturity date (see Note 7.) 

On October
10, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board appointed Avram Miller to the Board, effective October 11, 2023,
to fill a vacancy. Mr. Miller will serve until the Company s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders subject to this re-election or
until his successor has been duly elected and qualified. In addition to Mr. Miller s appointment to the Board, Mr. Miller, the co-founder
of Intel Capital, entered into an advisory agreement with the Company (the Advisory Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr.
Miller will provide advice to the Board and the Company on various matters including strategic opportunities, capital allocation, business
development, minority investments and licensing arrangements, among others. As compensation for these services, the Company will issue
Mr. Miller 1,000,000 shares of restricted stock, 166,667 of which will vest in 2024, 444,444 will vest in 2025, and 388,889 will vest
in 2026, subject to Mr. Miller s continued service through each applicable vesting date. 

On August 1, 2023, RS Bio, purchased
in a Private Placement 70,126 of the Company s Units at a price per Unit equal to 7.13 for aggregate proceeds to the Company of
 500,000. The Board of Directors (excluding Mr. Sindlev) approved the participation of certain officers
and directors of the Company in the Private Placement on identical terms as the other investors of the Private Placement (see Note
7.) 

On August 1, 2023, Paseco ApS,
in connection with the Private Placement, converted 2,000,000 of its Promissory Note into 280,505 of the Company s Units at a price
per Unit equal to 7.13. In addition, Paseco ApS purchased in the Private Placement 63,114 of the Company s Units at a price per
Unit equal to 7.13 for aggregate proceeds to the Company of 450,000. As a result of participation in the Private Placement, Paseco ApS
was deemed to be an affiliate of the Company (see Note 7.) 

The Company currently has a consulting
agreement with Paseco ApS for business advisory services since December of 2019. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2024 the Company
issued zero and 1,000,000 restricted common shares, respectively, as payment for services rendered thereunder. 

The information
set forth above in Note 7 Debt Notes Payable Promissory Note relating to the Promissory Note issued to Paseco ApS is
incorporated herein by reference. 

million, which consisted of the following: 

Contingent consideration 

Total consideration transferred 

The
 fair value of the Company s
common shares issued as consideration was based on the closing price of the Company s common stock as of the Acquisition Date. The
fair value of the contingent consideration was based on the Sellers right to receive additional shares of common, pro rata,
upon the exercise or conversion of warrants, options and convertible notes payables outstanding as of the Closing Date. 

The
following table details the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

Prepaid Other Assets 

Fixed Assets 

Operating lease ROU 

Total Assets Acquired: 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Operating Lease liability 

Notes Payable 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

Net Assets Acquired 

() 

Goodwill 

Total Consideration 

The goodwill
recognized is attributable primarily to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of Gedi Cube. None of the goodwill is expected
to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

The fair
values of the acquired tangible and intangible assets were determined using variations of the income approach. The income approach valuation
methodology used for the intangible assets acquired makes use of Level 3 inputs. 

The Company
recognized approximately million of acquisition related costs that were expensed during the period ended June 30, 2024. These costs
are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The amounts
of revenue and loss of GEDi Cube, included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations from the Closing Date through
June 30, 2024 are as follows: 

Net loss 

() 

Consolidated unaudited pro forma information: 

The following consolidated pro
forma information assumes that the acquisition of Renovaro Cube took place on July 1, 2023 for the statement of operations for the twelve-month
period ended June 30, 2024. These amounts have been estimated after applying the Company s accounting policies: 

Net
 loss 

The following consolidated pro
forma information assumes that the acquisition of Renovaro Cube took place on July 1, 2022 for the statement of operations for the twelve-month
period ended June 30, 2023. These amounts have been estimated after applying the Company s accounting policies: 

Revenues 

Net loss 

() 

Netherlands 

The chief
operating decision maker uses loss from operations to evaluate the performance of each segment s assets in deciding how to allocate
available capital between segments. The chief operating decision maker also uses loss from operations in their competitive analysis by
benchmarking the Company s competitors. The competitive analysis along with the monitoring of budgeted versus actual results are
used in assessing the performance of the segment. 

Information
regarding each reportable segment for the year ended June 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Research and development 

Intangible asset impairment 

Goodwill impairment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Segment operating loss 

Geographic
information: 

RENB and RENC are managed on a worldwide basis but operate in offices located
in the United Stated and the Netherlands, respectively. The geographic information analyses the Company's operations and assets based
on the country in which each segment operates. In presenting this geographic information, segment operating results have been based on
the geographic location in which the services were provided to the segment and segment assets were based on the geographic location of
the assets. 

Units at a price per Unit equal to to a certain investor who paid in cash an aggregate
amount of in consideration of the Units. 

On August
1, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for consulting services valued at . 

On August 23, 2024, the Company
forfeited shares of Common Stock from the original shares of Common Stock for advisory services granted to Avram Miller,
a member of the Company s board of directors on October 11, 2023. As consideration for and subject to such forfeiture, the Company
granted to Mr. Miller, an option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company with a per-share exercise price equal to the
fair market value of a share of the Common Stock on the date thereof, . 

F- 40 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures for the Company. The Certifying Officers have designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information is made known to the Certifying Officers, particularly during the period in which this Report was prepared. 

The Certifying Officers conducted
a review of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act, Rules 13a-15(e) and
15-d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report (the Evaluation Date ). Based upon that evaluation,
the Certifying Officers concluded that, as of June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that
the information we were required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting for the Company. Management used the Internal Control over Financial Reporting Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO-2013 to conduct a review of the Company s internal controls
over financial reporting. As of June 30, 2024, Management concluded that internal controls over financial reporting were not effective,
based on COSO s framework. The deficiency is attributed to the Company not having adequate resources to address complex accounting
matters. This control deficiency will be monitored, and attention will be given to this matter as the Company grows. 

This Annual Report does not include
an attestation report from the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal controls over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules
of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

71 

Item 9B. Other Information 

During the Company s fourth quarter, no director or officer or a
Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The information
required by this Item 10 will be included under the captions Directors and Executive Officers , Information as to
Nominees and Other Directors , Information Regarding Meetings and Committees of the Board , Compliance with
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act , Code of Ethics , Corporate Governance and as otherwise set forth
in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference or, alternatively will be included, by amendment
to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than 120-days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information
required by this Item 11 will be included in the Definitive Proxy Statement referenced above in Item 10 and is incorporated herein by
reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 will be included in the Definitive Proxy Statement referenced above in Item 10 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 will be included in the Definitive Proxy Statement referenced above in Item 10 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item
14 will be included in the Definitive Proxy Statement referenced above in Item 10 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

72 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2023, by and among Renovaro Biosciences Inc., GEDi Cube Intl Ltd., Yalla Yalla Ltd., in its capacity as Sellers Representative, and the Sellers party thereto 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 29, 2023 

2.2 
 
 Second Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 13, 2024, by and among Renovaro Inc., GEDi Cube Intl Ltd., the sellers party thereto and Yalla Yalla Ltd 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended 
 
 Incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019. 

4.1 
 
 Registration
Rights Agreement, dated February 13, 2024, by and among Renovaro Inc. Gedi Cube Intl Ltd, and the shareholders of Gedi Cube Intl
Ltd named the Sellers named thereto 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024 

4.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 30, 2020 issued to Paseco ApS 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020. 

4.3 
 
 Amendment No.2 to Promissory Note, dated May 17, 2022 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023. 

4.4 
 
 Amendment No.3 to Promissory Note, effective December 30, 2022 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2023. 

4.5 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Promissory Note, effective July 31, 2023 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 7, 2023 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020. 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 3, 2023 

4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 7, 2023 

4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024 

4.10 
 
 Form of 5 Original Issue Discount Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2023 

73 

10.1 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 10, 2020. 

10.2 
 
 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on October 30, 2023 

10.3 
 
 Statement of Work and License Agreement by and among G-Tech Bio, LLC, the Company and G Health Research Foundation 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 3, 2020. 

10.4 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020. 

10.5 
 
 General Office Lease by and between the Registrant and Century City Medical Plaza Land Co., Inc. dated June 19, 2018 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 25, 2018. 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Dr. Mark Dybul 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit to 10.1 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021. 

10.7 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Mark Dybul, M.D. and the Company, dated December 12, 2022 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit to 10.1 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022. 

10.10 
 
 Security Agreement, effective December 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Paseco ApS 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2023. 

10.11 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated June 20, 2023, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2023 

10.12 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 20, 2023, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2023 

10.13 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated March 11, 2024, by and between Renovaro Inc. and Tarsh PB Advisors LLC. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2024 

10.14 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 7, 2023 

10.15 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2023 

10.16 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024 

74 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Sadler, Gibb Associates 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Provided herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

75 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 RENOVARO INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Dybul 

Mark Dybul 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Simon Tarsh 

Simon Tarsh 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dr.
 Mark Dybul 
 
 Chief Executive Officer

October
 10, 2024 
 
 Dr. Mark Dybul 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Simon
 Tarsh 
 
 Interim Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 Simon Tarsh 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Ren 
 Sindlev 
 
 Director and Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 Ren Sindlev 

/s/ Gregg
 Alton 
 
 Director 
 
 October 10, 2024 
 
 Gregg Alton 

/s/
 Jayne McNicol 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 Ms. Jayne McNicol 

/s/ James
 Sapirstein 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 James Sapirstein 

/s/ Carol
 Brosgart 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 Carol Brosgart 

/s/ Ruud
 Hendriks 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 Ruud Hendriks 

/s/ Karen
 Brink 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 Karen Brink 

/s/ Avram
 Miller 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 10, 2024 
 
 Avram Miller 

76 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 e5986_ex10-10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

EXHIBIT 10.10 

AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This Amended and
Restated Security Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2024 (the Agreement is made by and among Renovaro
BioSciences Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of Delaware (the Company and Paseco ApS, a limited company organized under the Kingdom of Denmark Paseco ), and RS Bio ApS RS
Bio , and together with Paseco, the Secured Parties ). 

WHEREAS ,
effective December 30, 2022, Paseco and the Company entered into that certain Security Agreement (the Original Agreement to secure the obligations of the Company under certain promissory notes issued to Paseco (the Paseco Notes ),
of which 3,000,000 in principal amount remains outstanding; 

WHEREAS ,
on each of November 3, 2023 and January 2, 2024, RS Bio received 5 Original Issue Discount Promissory Notes from the Company in an aggregate
principal amount of 1,526,315 (the RS Bio Notes , and together with the Paseco Notes, the Notes ); 

WHEREAS ,
the Company has requested that Paseco amend and restate the Original Agreement to provide for security of the RS Bio Notes and Paseco
has agreed to amend and restate the Original Agreement in accordance with Section 5.04 of the Original Agreement. 

NOW
THEREFORE , in order to induce the Secured Parties to extend the loans evidenced by the Paseco Notes and RS Bio Notes, and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company has agreed to pledge and grant
a continuing security interest in the Collateral (as hereinafter defined) as security for the Secured Obligations (as hereinafter defined).
Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section
1. Definitions . Each capitalized term used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to such term
in the Note. In addition, as used herein: 

Collateral shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in Section 3 hereof. 

Event
of Default shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 5 of the February Notes, as amended and restated, and as
set forth in Section 6 of the March Note, as amended. 

Secured
Obligations shall mean, collectively, the principal of and interest on the Paseco Notes and RS Bio Notes issued by the
Company and held by the Secured Parties, and all other amounts from time to time owing to the Secured Parties by the Company under this
Agreement, the Paseco Notes and the RS Bio Notes. 

Secured
Parties shall have the meaning defined in the preamble to this Agreement; provided, that such term also shall include,
as to the benefits, rights and obligations herein, the successors and assigns of any Secured Party. 

Subsidiary 
or Subsidiaries of the Company shall mean any entity whose equity interests are owned entirely by the Company. 

1 

Transaction
Agreements shall mean this Agreement, the Paseco Notes, the RS Bio Notes and all ancillary documents referred to in those
agreements, and each of those agreements as may be amended. 

Uniform
Commercial Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Delaware from time to time;
provided, however, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection,
priority, or remedies with respect to the Secured Party lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as
enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware, the term Uniform Commercial Code shall mean
the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the
provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies. 

Section
2. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents, warrants, and covenants that: (a) the
Company owns or has good and marketable title to the Collateral and no other person or organization
can make any claim of ownership of any kind on the Collateral; (b) the Company has the full power, authority and legal right to grant
the security interest in the Collateral; (c) the Collateral is free from any and all claims, encumbrances, rights of setoff or any other
security interest or lien of any kind except for the security interest in favor of the Secured Party created by this Security Agreement
and (d) this Security Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Party a valid security interest in the Collateral, securing payment of
the Secured Obligations, and such security interest is first priority. 

Section
3. Collateral . As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise) of the Secured Obligations, the Company hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that (i) the Secured Parties shall continue
to have a security interest in and lien upon and, (ii) to the extent not otherwise previously granted to the Secured Parties, Company
hereby pledges, grants, assigns, hypothecates and transfers to the Secured Parties as hereinafter provided, a first priority security
interest in and lien upon all of the Company s wholly-owned assets, whether now existing or hereafter from time to time arising
or acquired, and including those set forth on Annex 1 (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to herein as Collateral ). 

Section
4. Further Assurances; Remedies . In furtherance of the grant of the pledge and security interest pursuant to Section 3
hereof, the Company hereby agrees with the Secured Parties as follows: 

4.01 Delivery
and Other Perfection . The Company shall: 

a. give, execute, deliver, file and record any financing statement, notice, instrument,
document, agreement or other papers that may be necessary or desirable (in the reasonable judgment of the Secured Parties) to create,
preserve, maintain, perfect or validate any security interest previously granted or granted pursuant hereto or to enable the Secured Party
to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such security interest, including, without limitation, upon the occurrence
and continuance of an Event of Default, causing any or all of the Collateral to be transferred of record into the name of the Secured
Party or its nominee; 

b. keep accurate books and records relating to the Collateral; and 

c. permit representatives of the Secured Parties, upon reasonable notice, at any time
during normal business hours to inspect and make abstracts from its books and records pertaining to the Collateral, and permit representatives
of the Secured Parties to be present at the Company s place of business to receive copies of all communications and remittances
relating to the Collateral, and forward copies of any notices or communications by the Company with respect to the Collateral, all in
such manner as the Secured Parties may reasonably require. 

4.02 Other
Financing Statements and Liens . Without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties, the Company shall not file or suffer
to be on file, or authorize or permit to be filed or to be on file, in any jurisdiction, any financing statement or like instrument with
respect to the Collateral in which the Secured Parties are not named as the only secured parties. 

2 

4.03 Events
of Default, etc. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Secured Parties may exercise
any or all of the following rights and remedies: 

a. require the Company to (and, upon such request, the Company shall) assemble and make available to the
Secured Parties the Collateral and all books and records relating thereto at such place or places, reasonably requested by the Secured
Parties, whether at the Company s premises or elsewhere; 

b. the Secured Parties may make any reasonable compromise or settlement deemed desirable
with respect to any of the Collateral and may extend the time of payment, arrange for payment in installments, or otherwise modify the
terms of, any of the Collateral; 

c. the Secured Parties shall have all of the rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral of a secured
party under the Uniform Commercial Code (whether or not said Code is in effect in the jurisdiction where the rights and remedies are asserted)
and such additional rights and remedies to which a secured party is entitled under the laws in effect in any jurisdiction where any rights
and remedies hereunder may be asserted, including, without limitation, the right, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to exercise
all voting, consensual and other powers of ownership pertaining to the Collateral as if the Secured Parties were the only and absolute
owner thereof (and the Company agrees to take all such action as may be appropriate to give effect to such right); 

d. the Secured Parties in their discretion may, in its name or in the name of the
Company or otherwise, demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in
exchange for any of the Collateral, but shall be under no obligation to do so; and 

e. the Secured Parties may, upon ten (10) days prior written notice to the Company of the time and
place, with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof which shall then be or shall thereafter come into the possession, custody or
control of the Secured Parties, or any of its respective agents, sell, lease, assign or otherwise dispose of all or any of such Collateral,
at such place or places as the Secured Parties deem best, and for cash or on credit or for future delivery (without thereby assuming any
credit risk), at public or private sale, without demand of performance or notice of intention to effect any such disposition or of time
or place thereof (except such notice as is required above or by applicable statute and cannot be waived) and the Secured Parties or anyone
else may be the purchaser, lessee, assignee or recipient of any or all of the Collateral so disposed of at any public sale (or, to the
extent permitted by law, at any private sale), and thereafter hold the same absolutely, free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind,
including any right or equity of redemption (statutory or otherwise), of the Company, any such demand, notice or right and equity being
hereby expressly waived and released. The Secured Parties may, without notice or publication, adjourn any public or private sale or cause
the same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for the sale, and such sale may be made at any
time or place to which the same may be so adjourned. 

The proceeds of each
collection, sale or other disposition under this Section 4.03, shall be applied in accordance with Section 4.06 hereof. 

3 

4.04 Deficiency . 
If the proceeds of sale, collection or other realization of or upon the Collateral pursuant to Section 4.03 hereof are insufficient
to cover the costs and expenses of such realization and the payment in full of the Secured Obligations, the Company shall remain liable
for any deficiency. 

4.05 Removals,
etc . Without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Secured Parties or unless otherwise required by
law, the Company shall not (i) maintain any of its books or records with respect to the Collateral at any office or maintain its chief
executive office or its principal place of business at any place, or permit any Collateral to be located anywhere other than 2080 Century
Park E, Suite 906, Los Angeles, CA 90067; or (ii) change its corporate name, or the name under which it does business, from the name shown
on the signature page hereto. 

4.06 Application
of Proceeds . Except as otherwise herein expressly provided, the proceeds of any collection, sale or other realization of all
or any part of the Collateral pursuant hereto, and any other cash at the time held by the Secured Parties under this Section 4 ,
shall be applied by the Secured Parties: 

First , 
to the payment of the costs and expenses of such collection, sale or other realization, including reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses
of the Secured Parties and the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel, and all expenses, and advances made or incurred by the Secured
Parties in connection therewith; 

Next , 
to the payment in full of the Secured Obligations in each case equally and ratably in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then
due and owing to the Secured Parties; and 

Finally ,
 to the payment to the Company, or its successors or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, of any surplus then
remaining. 

As used in this Section 4 , proceeds 
 of Collateral shall mean cash, securities and other property realized in respect of, and distributions in kind of, Collateral,
including any thereof received under any reorganization, liquidation or adjustment of debt of the Company or any issuer of or obligor
on any of the Collateral. 

4.07 Attorney-in-Fact .
 Without limiting any rights or powers granted by this Agreement to the Secured Parties while no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Secured Parties is hereby appointed the
attorney-in-fact of the Company for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Section 4 and taking any action and executing
any instruments which the Secured Parties may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment as attorney-in-fact
is irrevocable and coupled with an interest. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, so long as the Secured Parties shall be
entitled under this Section 4 to make collections in respect of the Collateral, the Secured Parties shall have the right and power
to receive, endorse and collect all checks made payable to the order of the Company representing any dividend, payment, or other distribution
in respect of the Collateral or any part thereof and to give full discharge for the same. 

4.08 Perfection . 
Prior to or concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall file such financing statements and other
documents in such offices as may be necessary (including any such offices as the Secured Parties may request) to perfect or maintain the
security interests granted by Section 3 of this Agreement; and without limiting the Company s obligations with respect to
perfection of the security interests, the Company hereby authorizes the Secured Parties to file all such financing statements and other
documents (and ratifies any previously filed financing statements and other documents filed by the Secured Parties). 

4 

4.09 Termination .
 When all Secured Obligations shall have been paid in full under the Note, this Agreement shall terminate, and the Secured Parties
shall forthwith cause to be assigned, transferred and delivered, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation
whatsoever, any remaining Collateral and money received in respect thereof, to or on the order of the Company. The 
Secured Parties shall also execute and deliver to the Company upon such termination such Uniform Commercial Code termination statements
and such other documentation as shall be reasonably requested by the Company, at the Company s expense, to effect the termination
and release of the liens on the Collateral. 

4.10 Expenses .
 The Company agrees to pay to the Secured Parties all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable expenses for legal services
of every kind) of, or incident to, the enforcement of any of the provisions of this Section 4 , or performance by the Secured Parties
of any obligations of the Company in respect of the Collateral which the Company has failed or refused to perform upon reasonable notice,
or any actual or attempted sale, or any exchange, enforcement, collection, compromise or settlement in respect of any of the Collateral,
and for the care of the Collateral and defending or asserting rights and claims of the Secured Parties in respect thereof, by litigation
or otherwise, including expenses of insurance, and all such expenses shall be Secured Obligations to the Secured Parties secured under
 Section 3 hereof. 

4.11 Further
Assurances . The Company agrees that, from time to time upon the written request of the Secured Parties, the Company will execute
and deliver such further documents and do such other acts and things as the Secured Parties may reasonably request in order fully to effect
the purposes of this Agreement. 

Section 5. Miscellaneous . 

5.01 No
Waiver . No failure on the part of the Secured Parties or any of its agents to exercise, and no course of dealing with respect
to, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial
exercise by the Secured Parties or any of its agents of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies herein are cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies provided
by law. 

5.02 Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware. 

Notices . All
notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable international courier service with
charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or email (upon confirmation of receipt), addressed as set forth
below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any
notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or
delivery by email (upon confirmation of receipt), or (ii) on the second business day following the date of mailing by reputable
international courier service. The addresses for such communications shall be for (i) the Company at 9480 NE 2nd Avenue, #73 Miami,
FL 33138, Telephone: (305) 918-1980, Email: lpuche@renovarobio.com with a copy to
clayton.parker@klgates.com, (ii) Paseco at
Vedbaek Strandvej 506, 2950 Vedbaek, Denmark and (iii) RS Bio at Stumpedyssevej 17, 2970 H rsholm, Denmark, Email: an@rsgroup.dk with
a copy to rsindlev@drsmood.com . Any party hereto may from time to time change its address or
facsimile number for notices under this Section by written notice to the other parties. 

5.03 Waivers,
etc . The terms of this Agreement may be waived, altered or amended only by an instrument in writing duly executed by the Company
and the Secured Parties. Any such amendment or waiver shall be binding upon the Secured Parties and the Company. 

5 

5.04 Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the
Company and the Secured Parties (provided, however, that the Company shall not assign or transfer its rights hereunder without the prior
written consent of the Secured Parties. 

5.05 Counterparts;
Execution; Additional Secured Party . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. In the
event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature
shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force
and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page was an original thereof. In the event additional Secured Parties
become holders of the Paseco Notes or RS Bio Notes, such Secured Party will become a party to this Agreement by signing a counterpart
to this Agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Secured Parties, all of which together shall be considered one and the same instrument.
The Company shall provide a copy of each counterpart to this Agreement executed by a Secured Party to the Secured Parties. 

5.06 Severability .
 If any provision hereof is invalid and unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) the
other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed in favor of the Secured
Parties in order to carry out the intentions of the parties hereto as nearly as may be possible and (ii) the invalidity or unenforceability
of any provision hereof in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

5.07 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements contains the entire agreement and understanding by and between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and their resulting obligations to each other, as herein described; and it
amends, restates and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties to this Agreement relating to the subject
matter hereof. No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding unless the same is in writing and signed by the party
intended to be so bound. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same is in writing and signed by the party
against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. Moreover, no valid waiver of any provision of this Agreement, at any time, shall be
deemed to be a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement at such time, or shall be deemed to be a valid waiver of such provision
at any other time. 

[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank.] 

6 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

The Company : 
 
 The Secured Parties : 

RENOVARO BIOSCIENCES INC. 
 
 PASECO APS 

By: 
 /s/ Luisa Puche 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ole Abildgaard 
 
 Name: 
 Luisa Puche 
 
 Name: 
 Ole Abildgaard 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

RS BIO APS 

By: 
 /s/ Rene Sindlev 

Name: 
 Rene Sindlev 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

7 

ANNEX 1 

All fixed assets located at: 

o 2080
Century Park E, Suite 906, Los Angeles, CA 90067 

The Intellectual property set forth below: 

ALLOGENEIC T-CELL-BASED HIV VACCINE TO INDUCE CELLULAR AND HUMORAL IMMUNITY 

Inventor(s): Serhat Gumrukcu 

Assignee:
Renovaro Biopharma Inc. 

Country 
 Appl. No. 
 Filing Date 
 Pub. No./ Pub. Date 
 Patent No. / Issue Date 
 Status 
 
 US 
 16/904,319 
 6/17/2020 
 US2021/0030795 02/04/2021 
 
 Pending 
 
 AU 
 2020294700 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 BR 
 BR1120210252860 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 CA 
 3143599 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 CN 
 202080056674.7 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 EP 
 20826762.5 
 6/17/2020 
 EP3982981 
04/20/2022 
 
 Pending 
 
 HK 
 62022062396.6 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 IL 
 288945 
 1/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 IN 
 202217000341 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 JP 
 2021-574918 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 KR 
 10-2022-7000923 
 1/11/2022 

Pending 
 
 MX 
 MX/a/2021/015643 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 NZ 
 784083 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 ZA 
 2021/10224 
 6/17/2020 

Pending 
 
 SG 
 11202113941W 
 12/15/2021 

Pending 

8 

METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS USING
RECOMBINANT DENDRITIC CELLS FOR CANCER THERAPY 

 Inventor(s): Serhat Gumrukcu 

 Assignee: Renovaro Biopharma Inc. 

Country 
 Appl.
No. 
 Filing
Date 
 Pub.
No./ Pub. Date 
 Patent No./ Issue Date 
 Status 

US 
 16/511,413 
 7/15/2019 
 
 11,413,338 
08/16/2022 
 Granted 
 
 AE 
 P6000067/21 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 AU 
 2019306504 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 BH 
 20210012 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 BR 
 BR112021000620 6 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 CA 
 3106403 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 CN 
 201980051688.7 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 EA 
 202190267 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 EP 
 19837951.3 
 7/15/2019 
 EP3820486 
05/19/2021 
 
 Pending 
 
 GE 
 201915555 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 HK-CN 
 62021039668.0 
 9/28/2021 

Pending 
 
 HK-EP 
 62021042617.2 
 11/17/2021 

Pending 
 
 IL 
 280145 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 IN 
 202117004635 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 JP 
 2021-502920 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 KR 
 10-2021-700-3120 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 MX 
 MX/a/2021/000421 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 MY 
 PI2021000186 
 7/5/2019 

Pending 
 
 NZ 
 000 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 QA 
 QA/202101/00027 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 SA 
 521421034 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 SG 
 11202100315T 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 UA 
 a202100559 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 VN 
 1-2021-00752 
 7/15/2019 

Pending 
 
 ZA 
 2021/00234 
 1/13/2021 
 
 2021/00234 
07/27/2022 
 Granted 

9 

Your
ref. 
 
 Applicant 
 
 Country 
 
 Appl.
No. 
 
 Pat.
No. 
 
 Year 
 
 Protocol for generating dendritic 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Canada 
 
 2640836 
 
 2640836 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GENER.
DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 New Zealand 
 
 569343 
 
 569343 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GEN. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 China 
 
 200680045697.8 
 
 200680045697.8 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GEN. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Australia 
 
 2013203315 
 
 2013203315 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GENER. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 06818153.6 
 
 1971680 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GENER. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Germany 
 
 06818153.6 
 
 602006027671.0 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GENER. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Denmark 
 
 06818153.6 
 
 1971680 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GENER. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Spain 
 
 06818153.6 
 
 1971680 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GENER. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 France 
 
 06818153.6 
 
 1971680 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GENER. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Italy 
 
 06818153.6 
 
 1971680 
 
 18 
 
 PROTOCOL FOR GEN. DENDRITIC CELLS 
 
 DanDrit Biotech A/S 
 
 Israel 
 
 191782 
 
 191782 
 
 19- 

10 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 e5986_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The following is a list of subsidiaries of the Company as of June 30, 2024: 

Subsidiary
 Legal Name 
 State or
 Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Renovaro Biosciences, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 Renovaro Biosciences Denmark
 ApS 
 Denmark 
 
 Renovaro Tecnologies, Inc. 
 Nevada 
 
 GEDi Cube Intl Ltd. 
 England and Wales 
 
 GEDi Cube B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 
 Grace Systems B.V. 
 Netherlands 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 e5986_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (No. 333-261628 and 333-275132) of our report dated October 10, 2024, relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Renovaro Inc., which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Sadler, Gibb Associates,
 LLC 

Draper, UT 

October 10, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 e5986_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Mark Dybul, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renovaro Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Dybul 

Mark Dybul 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 e5986_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Simon Tarsh, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renovaro Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

/s/ Simon Tarsh 

Simon Tarsh 

Interim Chief Financial
 Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 e5986_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Renovaro Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
the undersigned, Mark Dybul, as Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, hereby certifies as of the date
hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Dybul 

Mark Dybul 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 e5986_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Renovaro Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
the undersigned, Simon Tarsh, as Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certifies as of
the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

/s/ Simon Tarsh 

Simon Tarsh 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 renb-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 renb-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 renb-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 renb-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

