<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-K_edgar_data_1415744_0001437749-24-032441.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2553217</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>79015</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>539176</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>590470</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>667828</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>626123</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-032441.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029150628
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-032441
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHERN MINERALS & EXPLORATION LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001415744
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-146934
		FILM NUMBER:		241405224

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 AVENUE M
		CITY:			CISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76437
		BUSINESS PHONE:		254-442-2627

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 31
		CITY:			CISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76437

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Punchline Resources Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Punchline Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-032441.txt : 20241029

10-K
 1
 nmex20240731_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

nmex20240731_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
			incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer 
			Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
			 Trading Symbol(s) 
			 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTCPINK 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Emerging growth company 

Accelerated filer 

			 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

 YES NO 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates: based on 79,203,349 non affiliate shares outstanding at 0.1278 per share, which is the closing price of the common shares as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of October 28, 2024, the issuer had common shares issued and outstanding. 

NORTHERN MINERALS EXPLORATION LTD. 

 FORM 10-K 

 For the Year ended July 31, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Page 

Item 1. 

Business 

3 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

6 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

6 

Item 2. 

Property 

6 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

6 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

6 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

6 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

7 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

7 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

8 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

9 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

10 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

10 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

11 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

11 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

13 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

14 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

14 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

14 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules 

15 

Item 16 

Form 10-K Summary 

Signatures 

15 

2

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Our Corporate History and Background 

We were incorporated on December 11, 2006, under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

On July 12, 2013, the stockholders approved an amendment to change the name of the Company from Punchline Resources Ltd. to Northern Mineral Exploration Ltd. FINRA approved the name change on August 13, 2013. 

Northern Minerals Exploration Ltd. (the Company is an emerging natural resource company operating in oil and gas production in central Texas and exploration for gold and silver in northern Nevada. 

On November 22, 2017, the Company created a wholly owned subsidiary, Kathis Energy LLC Kathis ), a duly formed Limited Liability Company formed in the State of Texas, for the purpose of conducting oil and gas drilling programs in Texas. 

On December 14, 2017, Kathis Energy, LLC and other Limited Partners, created Kathis Energy Fund 1, LP, a duly formed Limited Partnership formed in the State of Texas, created for the purpose of raising funds from investors for its drilling projects. There was no activity with Kathis Energy, LLC during 2023 or 2024 fiscal years. 

On May 7, 2018, the Company created a wholly owned subsidiary, ENMEX Operations LLC ENMEX ), a duly formed Limited Liability Company in the State of Quintana Roo, Mexico for the purpose of conducting business in Mexico in prospective real estate development projects. There has been no activity from inception to date. 

Current Business 

Refer to NOTE 4 for property information. 

Oil Gas Sector 

Competition 

The petroleum industry is highly competitive. Many of the oil and gas exploration companies with whom we compete have greater financial and technical resources than we do. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisitions of properties of merit and on exploration. In addition, they may be able to afford greater geological expertise in the targeting and exploration of resource properties. This competition could result in our competitors having resource properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors who may finance additional exploration, and to senior exploration companies that may purchase resource properties or enter into joint venture agreements with junior exploration companies. This competition could adversely impact our ability to finance property acquisitions and further exploration. 

3

We compete with other exploration and early stage operating companies for financing from a limited number of investors prepared to make investments in junior companies exploring for conventional and unconventional oil and gas resources. The presence of competing oil and gas exploration companies, both major and independent, may impact our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our exploration programs if investors are of the view that investments in competitors are more attractive based on the merit of the properties under investigation, and the price of the investment offered to investors. 

Governmental Regulation 

Our business is affected by numerous laws and regulations, including energy, environmental, conservation, tax and other laws and regulations relating to the oil and natural gas industry. We have developed internal procedures and policies to ensure that our operations are conducted in full and substantial environmental regulatory compliance. 

Failure to comply with any laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, the imposition of injunctive relief or both. Moreover, changes in any of these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on business. In view of the many uncertainties with respect to current and future laws and regulations, including their applicability to us, we cannot predict the overall effect of such laws and regulations on our future operations. 

We believe that our operations comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations and that the existence and enforcement of such laws and regulations have no more restrictive an effect on our operations than on other similar companies in the oil and natural gas industry. 

Pricing and Marketing of Natural Gas 

In the US, historically, the sale of natural gas in interstate commerce has been regulated pursuant to the Natural Gas Act of 1938, or the NGA, the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, or the NGPA, and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or the FERC. In 1989, Congress enacted the Natural Gas Wellhead Decontrol Act, or the Decontrol Act. The Decontrol Act removed all NGA and NGPA price and non-price controls affecting wellhead sales of natural gas effective January 1, 1993 and sales by producers of natural gas are uncontrolled and can be made at market prices. The natural gas industry historically has been heavily regulated and from time to time proposals are introduced by Congress and the FERC and judicial decisions are rendered that impact the conduct of business in the natural gas industry. We cannot assure you that the less stringent regulatory approach recently pursued by the FERC and Congress will continue. 

Pricing and Marketing of Oil 

In the US, sales of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids are not regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Effective January 1, 1995, the FERC implemented regulations establishing an indexing system for transportation rates for oil that allowed for an increase in the cost of transporting oil to the purchaser. 

Environmental 

Like the oil and natural gas industry in general, our properties are subject to extensive and changing federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect and preserve natural resources and the environment. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation in the oil and natural gas industry is generally toward stricter standards, and this trend is likely to continue. These laws and regulations often require a permit or other authorization before construction or drilling commences and for certain other activities; limit or prohibit access, especially in wilderness areas with endangered or threatened plant or animal species; impose restrictions on construction, drilling and other exploration and production activities; regulate air emissions, wastewater and other production and waste streams from our operations; impose substantial liabilities for pollution that may result from our operations; and require the reclamation of certain lands. 

The permits required for many of our operations are subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with their regulations, and violations are subject to fines, compliance orders, and other enforcement actions. We are not aware of any material noncompliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations, and we have no material commitments for capital expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements, however, given the complex regulatory requirements applicable to our operations, and the rapidly changing nature of environmental laws in our industry, we cannot predict our future exposure concerning such matters, and our future costs to achieve compliance, or remedy potential violations, could be significant. Our operations require permits and are regulated under environmental laws, and current or future noncompliance with such laws, as well as changes to existing laws or interpretations thereof, could have a significant impact on us, as well as the oil and natural gas industry in general. 

4

Waste Disposal and Contamination Issues 

The federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and comparable state laws may impose strict and joint and several liability on owners and operators of contaminated sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances found at such sites. Under these and other laws, the government, neighboring landowners and other third parties may recover the costs of responding to soil and groundwater contamination and threatened releases of hazardous substances, and seek recovery for related natural resources damages, personal injury and property damage. Some of our properties have been used for exploration and production activities for a number of years by third parties, and such properties could result in unknown cleanup liabilities for us. 

The federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (the "RCRA") and comparable state statutes govern the management, storage, treatment and disposal of solid waste and hazardous waste and authorize imposition of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance. Although RCRA classifies certain oil field wastes as "non-hazardous" (for example, the waters produced from hydraulic fracturing operations), such wastes could be reclassified as hazardous wastes in the future, thereby making them subject to more stringent handling and disposal requirements which could have a material impact on us. 

Water Regulation 

The federal Clean Water Act (the "CWA"), the federal Safe Drinking Water Act (the "SWDA") and analogous state laws restrict the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants into surface waters or underground wells and the construction of facilities in wetland areas without a permit. Federal regulations also require certain owners or operators of facilities that store or otherwise handle oil, such as us, to prepare and implement spill prevention, control countermeasure and response plans relating to the possible discharge of oil into surface waters. In addition, the Oil Pollution Act (the "OPA") contains numerous requirements relating to the prevention of and response to oil spills into waters of the United States. For onshore and offshore facilities that may affect waters of the United States, the OPA requires an operator to demonstrate financial responsibility. Regulations are currently being developed or considered under federal and state laws concerning oil pollution prevention and other matters that may impose additional regulatory burdens on us. 

These and similar state laws also govern the management and disposal of produced waters from the extraction process. Currently, wastewater associated with oil and natural gas production is prohibited from being directly discharged to waterways and other waters of the U.S. While some of the wastewater is reused or re-injected, a significant amount still requires proper disposal. As a result, some wastewater is transported to third-party treatment plants. In October 2011, citing concerns that third-party treatment plants may not be properly equipped to handle wastewater from shale gas operations, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") announced that it will consider federal pre-treatment standards for these wastewaters. We cannot predict the EPA's future actions in this regard, but future regulation of our produced waters or other waste streams could have a material impact on us. 

Air Emissions and Climate Change 

The federal Clean Air Act ("CAA") imposes permit requirements and operational restrictions on certain sources of emissions used in our operations. In July 2011, the EPA published proposed New Source Performance Standards ("NSPS") and National Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants ("NESHAPs") that would, if adopted, amend existing NSPS and NESHAP standards for oil and natural gas facilities and create new NSPS standards for oil and natural gas production, transmission and distribution facilities. Importantly, these standards would include standards for hydraulically fractured wells. The standards would apply to newly drilled and fractured wells as well as existing wells that are refractured. A court has directed the EPA to issue final rules by April 1, 2012. In a report issued in late 2011, the Shale Gas Production Subcommittee of the Department of Energy (the "DOE Shale Gas Subcommittee") called on the EPA to complete the rulemaking quickly and recommended expanding the shale gas emission sources to be covered by the new rules. The DOE Shale Gas Subcommittee also encouraged states to take similar action, and included several other recommendations for studying and reducing air emissions from shale gas production activities. Because the EPA's regulations have not yet been finalized, we cannot at this time predict the impact they may have on our financial condition or results of operation. 

The issue of climate change has received increasing regulatory attention in recent years. The EPA has issued regulations governing carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions citing its authority under the CAA Several of these regulations have been challenged in litigation that is currently pending before the federal D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. In December 2011, the EPA issued amendments to a final rule issued in 2010 requiring reporting of GHG emissions from the oil and natural gas industry. Under this rule, we are obligated to report to the EPA certain GHG emissions from our operations. We do not expect that the costs of this new reporting will be material to us. In a late 2011 report, the DOE Shale Gas Subcommittee recommended that the EPA expand reporting requirements for GHG emissions from shale gas emission sources and include methane in reporting requirements. More generally, several proposals to regulate GHG emissions have been proposed in the U.S. Congress, and various states have taken steps to regulate GHG emissions. The adoption and implementation of regulations or legislation imposing restrictions or other regulatory obligations on emissions of GHGs from oil and natural gas operations could require us to obtain permits or allowances for our GHG emissions, install new pollution controls, increase our operational costs, limit our operations or adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas produced from our lands. 

5

Research and Development Expenditures 

We have not incurred any research and development expenditures over the past two fiscal years. 

Employees 

As of July 31, 2024, we do not have any employees. Our three officers, Ivan Webb, Noel Schaefer and Rachel Boulds act as consultants. 

We engage contractors from time to time to consult with us on specific corporate affairs or to perform specific tasks in connection with our exploration programs. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive offices are located at 1267 N 680 W, Pleasant Grove, UT. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted under the symbol NMEX on the OTCPINK operated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA and the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. Few market makers continue to participate in the OTCBB system because of high fees charged by FINRA. The criteria for listing on either the OTCBB or OTCQB are similar and include that we remain current in our SEC reporting. 

Our shares are subject to Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities and Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. The rule defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability of shareholders to sell their shares. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of the security. Accredited investors, in general, include individuals with assets in excess of 1,000,000 (not including their personal residence) or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse, and certain institutional investors. The rules require the broker-dealer to receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase and require the broker-dealer to deliver a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock prior to the first transaction. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the security. Finally, monthly statements must be sent to customers disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks. 

6

On October 28, 2024, there were approximately 121 holders of record of our common stock, although there may be other persons who are beneficial owners of our common stock held in street name. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Issuer Direct Corporation, 1981 Murray Holiday Road, #100, Salt Lake City, UT 84117. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid any cash dividends and intend, for the foreseeable future, to retain any future earnings for the development of our business. Our Board of Directors will determine our future dividend policy on the basis of various factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and investment opportunities. 

RECENT ISSUANCES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company sold 6,241,666 shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of 88,625. 

Other than as disclosed above, we did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended July 31, 2024, that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended July 31, 2024. 

ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

None 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Revenue 

 We did not recognize any revenue for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Officer compensation 

 Officer compensation was 26,400 and 39,150 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 12,750 or 32.6 . We incur a monthly compensation expense of 2,200 for our CFO. In the prior fiscal year, we also recognized an additional 12,750 for stock compensation expense. 

Consulting related party 

 Consulting related party services were 76,700 and 72,000 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 4,700 or 6.5 . Fees are paid to Noel Schaefer, Director, but are billed as consulting fees. In the current year we also incurred 4,700 of consutling fees from Mr. Webb. 

Professional fees 

 Professional fees were 33,850 and 27,150 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 6,700, or 24.7 . Professional fees generally consist of legal and audit expenses. In the current year our audit and legal fees increased 6,000 and 700, respectively. 

Director Services 

 Compensation for director services was 0 and 11,250 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In the prior fiscal year, we recognized 11,250 for stock compensation expense. 

General and administrative 

 General and administrative expenses were 21,936 and 32,159 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 10,223 or 31.8 . In the current period a majority of the decrease was due to decreased fees for our transfer agent of 7,218 and State fees of 1,500. 

Other expense 

 During the year ended July 31, 2024, we incurred 11,454 of interest expense. During the year ended July 31, 2023, we had total other income of 205,207. We incurred interest expense of 7,192, a gain on forgiveness of debt of 210,453, and other income of 1,946. 

7

Net Loss 

 For the year ended July 31, 2024, we had a net loss of 170,340 compared to net income of 23,498 for year ended July 31, 2023. We recognized net income in the prior year due to the gain on forgiveness of debt as discussed above. 

Liquidity and Financial Condition 

Operating Activities 

 Cash used by operating activities was 167,386 for the year ended July 31, 2024, compared to cash used for operating activities of 145,913 for the year ended July 31, 2023. 

Investing Activities 

 We used 0 for investing activities for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Financing Activities 

 Net cash provided by financing activities was 213,625 for the year ended July 31, 2024 compared to 127,000 for the year ended July 31, 2023. During the year ended July 31, 2024, we received 213,625 from the sale of common stock, 125,000 of which was from a related party. During the year ended July 31, 2023, we received 120,000 from the sale of common stock. We also received 7,000 from a loan payable. 

We had the following loans outstanding as of July 31, 2024: 

On April 16, 2017, the Company executed a promissory note for 15,000 with a third party. The note matures in two years and interest is set at 3,000 for the full two years. As of July 31, 2024, there was 15,000 and 9,375 of principal and accrued interest, respectively, due on this loan. This loan is currently in default. 

On June 11, 2020, a third party loaned the Company 14,000. On March 3, 2021, the party loaned another 5,000 to the Company. During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company repaid 15,000 of the loan. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company borrowed an additional 7,000. The loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of July 31, 2024, there is a balance due of 11,000. 

During the year ended July 31, 2020, a third party loaned the Company 60,000. The loan is unsecured, bears interest at 8 per annum and matures on September 1, 2021. As of July 31, 2024, there is 23,265 of interest accrued on this note. This note is in default. 

On June 1, 2023, the Company issued a Promissory Note to Golden Sands Exploration Inc, for 85,000. The note bears interest at 6 and matures on June 1, 2026. Interest is to be paid quarterly with the first payment due on or before September 1, 2023. As of July 31, 2024, there is 886 of interest accrued on this note. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Refer to Note 2 of our financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies and recently adopted and issued accounting standards. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

8

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

NORTHERN MINERALS EXPLORATION LTD. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 

F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 

F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6 

9

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Northern Minerals Exploration LTD 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Northern Minerals Exploration LTD (the Company) as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended July 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended July 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Consideration of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has significant net losses, cash flow deficiencies, negative working capital and an accumulated deficit. Those conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Haynie Company 

October 29, 2024 

 PCAOB # 

We have served as the Company s auditors since 2020. 

10

NORTHERN MINERALS EXPLORATION LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

July 31, 

July 31, 

2024 

2023 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related party 

Accrued liabilities 

Loans payable - current 

Total Current Liabilities 

Other payables 

Accounts payable related party 

Loan payable long term 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies 

par value, shares authorized; no shares issued 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Common stock to be issued 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

11

NORTHERN MINERALS EXPLORATION LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 

2023 

Operating expenses: 

Officer compensation 

Consulting related party 

Professional fees 

Director services 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income / (expense): 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Total other (expense) / income 

(Loss) / income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (Loss) / Income 

Net (loss) / income per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

12

NORTHERN MINERALS EXPLORATION LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2024 AND 2023 

Common 

Common 

			 Stock 

Additional 

			 Paid-in 

Common 

			 Stock To 

Accumulated 

Total 

			 Stockholders 

Stock 

Amount 

Capital 

be Issued 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance, July 31, 2022 

Common stock issued for services related party 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for cash related party 

Common stock issued for cash 

Net income 

Balance, July 31, 2023 

Common stock issued for cash related party 

Common stock issued for cash 

Net loss 

Balance, July 31, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

13

NORTHERN MINERALS EXPLORATION LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

			 July 31, 

2024 

2023 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) / income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in Operating activities: 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Common stock issued for services related party 

Common stock issued for services 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts payables and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable related party 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities: 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from loan payable 

Proceeds from loan payable related party 

Repayment of loan payable related party 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock related party 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of the period 

Cash at end of the period 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

14

Northern Minerals Exploration Ltd. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 July 31, 2024 

Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share 

 Net income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to ASC 260-10-45, Earnings per Share Overall Other Presentation Matters . Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during the period. 

For the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had no potentially dilutive shares of common stock. 

Recently issued accounting pronouncements 

 The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the next twelve months. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

with a third party. The note matures in two years and interest is set at for the full two years. As of July 31, 2023, there is and of principal and accrued interest, respectively, due on this loan. As of July 31, 2024, there was and of principal and accrued interest, respectively, due on this loan. This loan is currently in default. 

On June 11, 2020, a third party loaned the Company . On March 3, 2021, the party loaned another to the Company. During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company repaid of the loan. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company borrowed an additional . The loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of July 31, 2024, there is a balance due of . 

During the year ended July 31, 2020, a third party loaned the Company . The loan is unsecured, bears interest at per annum and matures on September 1, 2021. As of July 31, 2024, there is of interest accrued on this note. This note is in default. 

On June 1, 2023, the Company issued a Promissory Note to Golden Sands Exploration Inc, for . The note bears interest at and matures on June 1, 2026. Interest is to be paid quarterly with the first payment due on or before September 1, 2023. As of July 31, 2024, there is of interest accrued on this note. 

shares of common stock for total cash proceeds of . As of July 31, 2023, shares have not yet been issued by the transfer agent and are disclosed as 5,000 common stock to be issued. The shares were issued in the year ended July 31, 2024. 

On July 24, 2023, the Company granted shares of common stock for services. The shares were valued at , for total non-cash expense of . 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company sold shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of . 

Refer to Note 6 for shares sold to a related party. 

. The advance was intended as a short term, non-interest bearing and due on demand. The advance was repaid on March 13, 2023. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, Mr. Webb purchased shares of common stock for . 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, Mr. Miranda purchased shares of common stock for . 

On July 24, 2023, the Company granted shares of common stock for services to Mr. Webb. The shares were valued at , for total non-cash expense of . 

On July 24, 2023, the Company granted shares of common stock for services to Ms. Boulds. The shares were valued at , for total non-cash expense of . 

On July 24, 2023, the Company granted shares of common stock for services to Mr. Miranda. The shares were valued at , for total non-cash expense of . 

For the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, total payments of and , respectively, were made to Noel Schaefer, a Director of the Company, for consulting services. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, there is credited to other payables (long term) and credited to accounts payable, respectively. 

On August 28, 2023, Mr. Miranda, director, purchased shares of common stock for . The shares were issued by the transfer agent on March 15, 2024. In addition, Mr. Miranda also received shares of common stock that were purchased and due from a prior period. 

On November 15, 2023, Mr. Miranda, purchased shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of . 

On December 20, 2023, Mr. Miranda purchased shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of . 

On February 2, 2024, Mr. Miranda purchased shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of . 

On March 12, 2024, Mr. Miranda purchased shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of . 

On April 30, 2024, Robert Campbell, director, purchased shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of . 

is being used. 

The provision for Federal income tax consists of the following July 31: 

Other nondeductible expenses 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

At July 31, 2024, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately that maybe offset against future taxable income. No tax benefit has been reported in the July 31, 2024 or 2023 financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). The Tax Act establishes new tax laws that affects 2018 and future years, including a reduction in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to effective January 1, 2018. For certain deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

ASC Topic 740 provides guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. Topic 740 requires a company to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the technical merits of the position. If the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, a company must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the financial statements. 

The Company includes interest and penalties arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. As of July 31, 2024, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities beginning with the tax year ended December 31, 2017 (or the tax year ended December 31, 2003 if the Company were to utilize its NOLs). 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Report Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation and due to the identified material weaknesses discussed below, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

To address the material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our financial statements included in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) developed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of July 31, 2024. 

We are aware of the following material weaknesses in internal control that could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data: 

Due to our size and limited resources, we currently do not employ the appropriate accounting personnel to ensure (a) we maintain proper segregation of duties, (b) that all transactions are entered timely and accurately, and (c) we properly account for complex or unusual transactions 

Due to our size and limited resources, we have not properly documented a complete assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting. 

10

I nherent limitations on effectiveness of controls 

Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process, which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position with the Company 

Date Appointed 

Noel Schaefer 

69 

Chief Operating Officer, Secretary Director 

July 6, 2018 

Victor Miranda 

41 

Director 

July 6, 2018 

Ivan Webb 

73 

President Chief Executive Officer 

July 6, 2018 

Rachel Boulds 

54 

Chief Financial Officer 

February 7, 2020 

Robert Campbell 

51 

Director 

June 19, 2024 

Noel Schaefer, Director, Secretary Chief Operations Officer, COO has served in a variety of executive and director positions in his 30 plus year career with both domestic and international companies. His emphasis has been with startups by setting up market profiles, developing strategic market placement and refining corporate objectives. Mr. Schaefer has successfully helped to raise funds from both the public and private sectors. He has worked extensively in Far East and Latin America with a particular focus on Mexico. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Brigham Young University with an emphasis in Marketing and Finance. 

Victor Miranda, Director, is the CEO of an insurance broker firm, passionate about ventures developing USA/MEXICO cross border opportunities. He has 15 years of hands on experience in the sales management for the financial sector, with particular focus on developing a savers culture through employee benefits, and 7 years developing successful real estate development projects in Quintana Roo. Quintana Roo is the State in Mexico where the Pemer Bacalar property is located. 

Ivan Webb, Chief Executive Officer, is a seasoned and successful entrepreneur, with over 35 years of experience in the oil and gas industry internationally and in the United States. He is experienced with acquiring oil and gas concessions and leases, drilling of new wells and reworking/ re-completing existing wells, production management, working with service companies and regulatory compliance. Internationally, he has successfully leased more than 18,000,000 acres. Domestically he has been involved with the acquisition and or management of more than 250 wells in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas. 

Mr. Webb has also over 30 years of experience in managing or assisting public companies in both the US and Canada with regulatory compliance. His public company experience includes assisting companies with initial public offerings, reverse mergers, obtaining listings, and assisting with ongoing regulatory compliance. 

Rachel Boulds , Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Ms. Boulds currently works for the Company on a part-time basis while also operating her sole accounting practice which she has led since 2009 and which provides all aspects of consulting and accounting services to clients, including the preparation of full disclosure financial statements for public companies to comply with GAAP and SEC requirements. Ms. Boulds also currently provides outsourced chief financial officer services for two other companies. From August 2004 through July 2009, she was employed as a Senior Auditor for HJ Associates, LLC, where she performed audits and reviews of public and private companies, including the preparation of financial statements to comply with GAAP and SEC requirements. From 2003 through 2004, Ms. Boulds was employed as a Senior Auditor at Mohler, Nixon and Williams. From September 2001 through July 2003, Ms. Boulds worked as an ABAS Associate for PriceWaterhouseCoopers. From April 2000 through February 2001, Ms. Boulds was employed as an e-commerce Accountant for the Walt Disney Group s GO.com. Ms. Boulds earned a B.S. in Accounting from San Jose University in 2001 and is licensed as a CPA in the state of Utah. 

11

Robert Campbell, Director, Robert brings extensive experience in the technology industry, specializing in innovative solutions and strategic growth. As a pivotal figure in multiple high-growth companies, Robert has a proven track record of driving operational excellence and achieving significant business milestones. His expertise in project management, client relations, and team leadership has been instrumental in transforming business models. Throughout his career, Robert has been deeply involved in international business, fostering global partnerships and expanding market reach. As a new board member and secretary at NMEX, Robert is committed to leveraging his industry knowledge and leadership skills to further the company's mission and contribute to its continued success. 

None of our directors or officers are related to each other. There are no arrangements or understandings with any of our principal stockholders, customers, suppliers, or any other person, pursuant to which any of our directors or executive officers were appointed. 

Family Relationships 

None of our directors or officers are related to each other. There are no arrangements or understandings with any of our principal stockholders, customers, suppliers, or any other person, pursuant to which any of our directors or executive officers were appointed. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

1. 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

2. 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

3. 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

4. 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Director Independence 

We currently act with three directors, Noel Schaefer, Victor Miranda and Robert Campbell. We have determined that we do not have an independent director as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 

We do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee, but our directors and officer act in such capacities. We believe that our directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Our directors do not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by our directors. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has not yet adopted a Code of Ethics. 

12

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each named executive officer for our last two completed fiscal years for all services rendered to us. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
			 and Principal 
			 Position 

Year 

Salary 
		 ) 

Bonus 
		 ) 

Stock 
			Awards 
		 ) 

Option 
			Awards 
		 ) 

Non- 
			Equity 
			Incentive 
			Plan 
			Compensa- 
			tion 
		 ) 

Change in 
			Pension 
			Value and 
			Nonqualified 
			Deferred 
			Compensation 
			Earnings 
		 ) 

All 
			Other 
			Compensa- 
			tion 
		 ) 

Total 

Noel Schaefer 

2024 

72,000 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

72,000 

Chief Operating Officer Director 

2023 

72,000 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

72,000 

Ivan Webb 

2024 

4,700 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

4,700 

Chief Executive Officer Director 

2023 

0 

N/A 

10,500 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

10,500 

Rachel Boulds 

2024 

26,400 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

26,400 

Chief Financial Officer 

2023 

26,400 

N/A 

2,250 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

28,650 

Noel Schaefer was appointed Chief Operating Officer on July 6, 2018. 

Ivan Webb was appointed Vice President on March 16, 2015 and on July 6, 2018 was appointed Chief Executive Officer 

Rachel Boulds was appointed Chief Financial Officer on February 7, 2020. 

Other than as set out below, there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. 

Stock Option Grants 

We have not granted any stock options to the executive officers since our inception. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

For the year ended July 31, 2024, no director or executive officer has received compensation from us pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan. There is no plan or understanding, express or implied, to pay any compensation to any director or executive officer pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan. 

Compensation of Directors 

No member of our Board of Directors received any compensation for his services as a director during the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, other than stock for services in the amount of 11,250 to Mr. Miranda in 2023. 

13

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of October 9, 2024, information regarding the beneficial ownership of each class of our voting securities by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all of our officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each person known by us to beneficially own 5 or more of any class of our outstanding voting securities. Generally, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to dispose or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which the person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Title of Class 

Amount and 

			 Nature of 

			 Beneficial 
			Ownership (1) 

Percent of 
			Class (2) 

Ivan Webb, Chief Executive Officer 

Common stock 

1,164,350 

1.1 

Noel Schaefer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary Director 

Common stock 

2,000,000 

1.9 

Victor Miranda, Director 

Common stock 

21,783,333 

20.9 

Rachel Boulds, CFO 

Common stock 

150,000 

0.1 

Robert Campbell 

Common stock 

1,000,000 

0.9 

All officers and director as a group (5 persons) 

Common stock 

26,097,683 

24.9 

Labrador Capital SAPI CV (3) 

Common stock 

5,000,000 

4.8 

Starcom SA DE CV 

Common stock 

5,000,000 

4.8 

All others as a group (2 persons) 

10,000,000 

9.6 

(1) 

Under SEC rules, beneficial ownership includes shares over which the individual or entity has voting or investment power and any shares which the individual or entity has the right to acquire within sixty days. 

(2) 

Percentage ownership of common stock is based on 100,301,032 shares of our common stock. 

(3) 

Victor Miranda is the president of Labrador Capital SAPI CV which is the holder of 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

For the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, total payments of 72,000 and 72,000, respectively, were made to Noel Schaefer, a Director of the Company, for consulting services. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, there is 26,500 and 26,500 credited to accounts payable. 

On August 28, 2023, Mr. Miranda, director, purchased 1,666,667 shares of common stock for 25,000. The shares were issued by the transfer agent on March 15, 2024. In addition, Mr. Miranda also received 1,666,667 shares of common stock that were purchased and due from a prior period. 

On November 15, 2023, Mr. Miranda, purchased 1,333,333 shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of 20,000. 

On December 20, 2023, Mr. Miranda purchased 1,333,333 shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of 20,000. 

On February 2, 2024, Mr. Miranda, purchased 1,333,333 shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of 20,000. 

On March 12, 2024, Mr. Miranda purchased 1,666,667 shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of 25,000. 

On April 30, 2024, Robert Campbell, director, purchased 1,000,000 shares of common stock, for total cash proceeds of 15,000. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended 

July 31, 2024 

July 31, 2023 

Audit Fees 

32,500 

26,500 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

32,500 

26,500 

Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

14

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

			 Number 

Exhibit Description 

31.1 

Section 302 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Section 302 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Section 906 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(101) 

Interactive Data File (Form 10-K for the Year Ended July 31, 2024) 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NORTHERN MINERALS EXPLORATION 

			 LTD. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Ivan Webb 

Ivan Webb 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Noel Schaefer 

Noel Schaefer 

Chief Operating Officer Director 

/s/ Victor Miranda 

Victor Miranda 

Director 

/s/ Rachel Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 

Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Robert Campbell 

Robert Campbell 

Director 

15

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_734373.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 

Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002-Rule 13a-14(a)/15d 14(a) 

I, Rachel Boulds, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024, for Northern Minerals Exploration Ltd. (the registrant 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Rachel Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_734372.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 

Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002-Rule 13a-14(a)/15d 14(a) 

I, Ivan Webb, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024 for Northern Minerals Exploration Ltd. (the registrant 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Ivan Webb 

Ivan Webb 

			 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_734371.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification of Periodic Financial Reports 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned hereby certify that they are the duly appointed and acting Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Northern Minerals Exploration Ltd., and hereby further certify as follows: 

1. 

The annual report containing financial statements to which this certificate is an exhibit fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

2. 

The information contained in the annual report to which this certificate is an exhibit fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

In witness whereof, the undersigned have executed and delivered this certificate as of the date set forth opposite their signatures below. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Ivan Webb 

Ivan Webb 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Rachel Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nmex-20240731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 nmex-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 nmex-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 nmex-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nmex-20240731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

