<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-K_edgar_data_1755058_0001213900-24-097579.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5489534</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283644</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1412307</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1161270</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1197038</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1303673</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097579.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113170948
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097579
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATIF Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001755058
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38876
		FILM NUMBER:		241455578

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25391 COMMERCENTRE DR., STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92630
		BUSINESS PHONE:		308-888-8888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25391 COMMERCENTRE DR., STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92630

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Asia Times Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097579.txt : 20241113

10-K
 1
 ea0219338-10k_atifhold.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Not Applicable (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number) ., , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act : None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of
January 31, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing
price of the registrant s ordinary shares on such date, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

As of November 12, 2024, the registrant had ordinary shares
outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 ii 

USE OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
 iii 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 12 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 31 
 
 ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 32 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 32 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 33 

PART II 
 
 34 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 34 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 34 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 35 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 41 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 42 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 42 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 43 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS 
 43 

PART III 
 
 44 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 44 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 50 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 52 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 53 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 55 

PART IV 
 
 56 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 56 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 57 

SIGNATURES 
 58 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report and the information incorporated by
reference herein and therein may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and intended to qualify for the
safe harbor from liability established by, the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based
on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. These statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from
those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

These statements, which are not statements of
historical fact, may contain estimates, assumptions, projections and/or expectations regarding future events, which may or may not occur.
These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking
statements by words or phrases such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, plan, potential, should, will, 
 would, or similar expressions, including their negatives. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our
current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results
of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include: 

any changes in the laws of the PRC or local province that may affect our operation; 

future financial and operating results, including revenues, income, expenditures, cash balances and other financial items; 

our ability to execute our growth and expansion, including our ability to meet our goals; 

current and future economic and political conditions; 

inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

our ability to compete in an industry with low barriers to entry; 

our capital requirements and our ability to raise any additional financing which we may require; 

our ability to attract new clients, and further enhance our brand recognition; 

our ability to hire and retain qualified management personnel and key employees in order to enable us to develop our business; 

our on-going ability to obtain all mandatory and voluntary government and other industry certifications, approvals, and/or licenses to conduct our business; 

our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 

trends and competition in the financial consulting services industry; and 

other assumptions described in this annual report underlying or relating to any forward-looking statements. 

You should thoroughly read this annual report
and the documents that we refer to in this annual report with the understanding that our actual results in the future may be materially
different from or worse than what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Other sections
of this annual report include additional factors which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate
in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict
all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this annual
report relate only to events or information as of the date on which these statements are made in this annual report. We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date
of this annual report. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. 

ii 

USE OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

All references to We, us, 
 our, or Company are to ATIF Holdings Limited ATIF ), a British Virgin Islands business company,
and its Affiliated Entities (defined below), as the case may be. Neither ATIF nor any of its Affiliated Entities are in any way or manner
related to or associated with a digital publishing company incorporated and registered in Hong Kong, Asia Times Holdings Limited. ATIF
is a holding company for its operating subsidiaries. We currently do not, and we do not plan to use variable interest entities to execute
our business plan or to conduct our China-based operations. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, in this
annual report on Form 10-K references to: 

ATIF BVI shall hereinafter refer to ATIF Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company. 

ATIF USA shall hereinafter refer to ATIF Inc., a California corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ATIF. 

ATIF Investment shall hereinafter refer to ATIF Investment Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ATIF. 

ATIF BD shall hereinafter refer to ATIF BD LLC, a California limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ATIF USA. 

ATIF Consulting shall hereinafter refer to ATIF Business Consulting LLC, a California LLC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ATIF USA. 

ATIF Management shall hereinafter refer to ATIF Business Management LLC, a California LLC and wholly-owned subsidiary of ATIF USA. 

we, us, Company, Group, or the registrant or similar terms used in this registration statement refer to ATIF, ATIF USA, ATIF Investment, ATIF Consulting, ATIF Management, and ATIF BD, unless the context otherwise indicates. 

Affiliated Entities shall refer to the ATIF USA, ATIF Consulting, ATIF Management, ATIF Investment and ATIF BD. 

China or PRC are to the People s Republic of China, including Hong Kong and Macau; however the only time such jurisdictions are not included in the definition of PRC and China is when we reference to the specific laws that have been adopted by the PRC. The same legal and operational risks associated with operations in China also apply to operations in Hong Kong. The term Chinese has a correlative meaning for the purpose of this prospectus; 

preferred shares, or Preferred Shares are to the Class A preferred shares of the Company, par value 0.001 per share; 

RMB and Renminbi are to the legal currency of the PRC; 

SEC are to the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

shares, Shares, or Ordinary Shares are to the Ordinary Shares of the Company, par value 0.001 per share; and 

U.S. dollars and are to the legal currency of the United States. 

Discrepancies in any table between the amounts
identified as total amounts and the sum of the amounts listed therein are due to rounding. 

This annual report on Form 10-K includes
our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
are a British Virgin Islands business company. We are a business consulting company providing financial consulting services
to small and medium-sized enterprises SMEs and prior to August 1, 2022, our Affiliated Entity ATIF USA, managed a private
equity fund with approximately 1.3 million assets under management AUM ). Since our inception in 2015, the main focus of
our consulting business has been providing comprehensive going public consulting services designed to help SMEs become public companies
on suitable stock markets and exchanges. Our goal is to become an international financial consulting company with clients and offices
throughout North America and Asia. In order to expand our business with a flexible business concept and reach our goal of high growth
revenue and strong profit growth, on January 4, 2021, we opened an office in California, USA, through our wholly owned subsidiary ATIF
USA. Our c lients located within United States are serviced by ATIF USA. ATIF BVI relies on a professional
service team, who is rich in business consulting experiences, extensive social relations, and international integrated services, to make
the IPO process as easy as possible for its clients. We operate with competitive fee schedules and in the cases of clients with attractive
financial performance and/or great growth potential, we would offer the option of paying no fees upfront. 

To
mitigate the potential risks arising from the PRC government provision of new guidance to and restrictions on China-based companies raising
capital offshore, we decided to divest our PRC subsidiaries. As of May 31, 2022, we completed the transfer of our equity interest in ATIF
Limited, a Hong Kong corporation ATIF HK and Huaya Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., corporation formed under the laws
of the PRC Huaya to Mr. Pishan Chi, our former director and CEO, for no consideration. 

We
have primarily focused on helping clients going public on the national stock exchanges and OTC Markets in the U.S. As of the date of this
annual report, we have provided financial consulting services to SMEs in the United States, Mexico, China and Hong Kong. The following
table illustrates the breakdown of our total revenue, organized by customers locations for the years ended July 31, 2024 and
2023. 

Year ended July 31, 2024 
 Percentage of Total 
 Year ended July 31, 2023 
 Percentage of Total 

Revenue 
 revenue 
 Revenue 
 revenue 
 
 Hong Kong 

600,000 
 24 
 
 Mainland China 

USA 
 620,000 
 100 
 1,200,000 
 49 
 
 Mexico 

650,000 
 27 
 
 Total revenue, net 
 620,000 
 100 
 2,450,000 
 100 

Recent Developments 

On
January 4, 2021, we announced the relocation of our operating headquarter to California, USA, through our wholly owned subsidiary ATIF
USA. As part of this relocation, we transitioned our services from the variable interest entity VIE ), Qianhai Asia Times
(Shenzhen) International Financial Services Co., Ltd. Qianhai ), to ATIF USA and Huaya by terminating the VIE agreements
between the Company and Qianhai on February 3, 2021. We did this to simplify the management chain and improve management control, with
the goal of lowering costs. We believe that this streamlined management model and strategic partnership strategy is in line with the current
fast-changing and competitive business environment and will provide us with strong growth capability. The termination of the VIE agreement
with Qianhai did not adversely affect Huaya, our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

1 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company entered into the sales and purchase agreement (the Sales and Purchase Agreement with
the majority shareholders of Leaping Group Co., Ltd. LGC consisting of Jiang Bo, Jiang Tao and Wang Di (collectively the LGC Buyers to sell
our 51.2 equity interest in LGC. Pursuant to the Sales and Purchase Agreement, the Company sold 10,217,230 ordinary shares of LGC
in exchange for (i) 5,555,548 ordinary shares of the Company owned by the LGC Buyers, and (ii) a cash payment of US 2,300,000
payable by January 14, 2023 at an interest rate of 10 per annum. As of July 31, 2024, the 5,555,548
ordinary shares owned by the LGC Buyers have been returned to the Company and the 2.3 million cash payment has not yet been
received from the LGC Buyers. For the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, we reported net loss of 6.6 million and 11.0 million
from discontinued operations of LGC as a separate component in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, for the year
ended July 31, 2023, the Company provided full provision against the principal and interest aggregating approximately 2.7 million
due from the shareholders of LGC. 

As
a result of termination of the VIE agreements and sale of all our equity interests in LGC, we currently do not have a VIE structure. 

On
February 16, 2021, we established ATIF-1, LP ATIF LP as a private equity fund, with ATIF USA as the investment manager
and ATIF-1 GP, LLC ATIF GP ), a Delaware limited liability company, as the general partner of ATIF LP. As of July 31, 2022,
we owned a 76.6 interest in ATIF LP as a limited partner. As of July 31, 2022, ATIF LP had approximately 1.3 million assets under management AUM ). ATIF GP s investment strategy involves directional long and short investments in equity securities, primarily
issued by large cap U.S. companies, and American Depositary Receipts ADRs related to Chinese companies of various sizes,
including private companies. Due to significant volatility in stock market, the private equity fund lost 1.5 million in fiscal year 2022
as compared to gain 0.2 million in fiscal year 2021. On August 1, 2022, ATIF USA entered into and closed a sales and purchase agreement
(the ATIF GP Agreement with Asia Time (HK) International Finance Service Limited (the Buyer pursuant to
which ATIF USA sold all of its membership interests in ATIF GP to the Buyer for cash consideration of US 50,000. Upon the
closing of the Agreement on August 1, 2022, ATIF GP is no longer our subsidiary and ATIF USA ceased to be the investment manager of ATIF
LP. For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of 56,038 from the transfer of equity interest. 

On
August 23, 2021, we completed a one (1) for five (5) reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. 

On
December 22, 2021, we established ATIF BD which is engaged in consultancy and information technology support services. 

On
April 25, 2022, we established ATIF Investment which is engaged in consultancy and information technology support services. 

On
May 31, 2022, we completed the transfer of our equity interest in ATIF HK and Huaya to Mr. Pishan Chi, our former director and CEO, for
no consideration. The transfer of equity interest was to mitigate the potential risks arising from the PRC government provision of new
guidance to and restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore. 

On
October 6, 2022, we established ATIF Business Consulting which is engaged in IPO consulting services in North America. 

On
October 7, 2022, we established ATIF Business Management which plans to provide comprehensive services, such as investors relationships
and secretarial services in North America in future. 

On
April 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the April 16 Purchase Agreement with a non-U.S
investor named in the Purchase Agreement (the Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 1,092,512
newly issued ordinary shares of the Company, 0.001 par value per ordinary share (the Ordinary Shares at a purchase price
of 1.23 per share (the April 16 Private Placement ). In connection with the Private Placement, the Company received gross
proceeds in the amount of 1,343,789.76. 

On
April 18, 2024, the Company entered into two securities purchase agreements (the April 18 Purchase Agreements in a
private placement (the April 18 Private Placement of the Company s 813,010 newly issued ordinary shares, par
value 0.001 per ordinary share, with one (1) U.S. accredited investor, as defined under Rule 501 of Regulation D, and one (1)
non-U.S. investor (individually, an Investor and collectively, the Investors ), at the purchase price of
 1.23 per ordinary share. The Company received gross proceeds in the amount of 1,000,002.38 in connection with the Private
Placement. 

Each
of the April 18 Purchase Agreements and April 16 Purchase Agreement contained customary representations, warranties and covenants by the
parties for offerings of similar sizes. The Company agreed that within a reasonable time after the Closing, the Company shall file a registration
statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale by the Investors of
the purchased ordinary shares. We are filing the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part to satisfy this obligation. 

On
April 29, 2024, the Company entered into a deferred salary conversion agreement Deferred Salary Conversion Agreement with Mr. Jun Liu, the president, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and Mr. Liu agreed to accept 384,478 ordinary shares Deferred Salary Debt Shares ),
 0.001 par value in lieu of an unpaid salary of 349,875 owed to Mr. Liu at a per share price of 0.91 which was the Nasdaq consolidated
closing bid price per share of the Company s ordinary shares on April 29, 2024. 

2 

Corporate Structure 

The
following diagram illustrates our current corporate structure : 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe that the following
strengths enable us to stand out in the financial service industry and differentiate us from our competitors: 

Experienced and Highly
Qualified Team 

We
have a highly qualified professional service team with extensive experience in going public consulting services. Our professional team
members have an average of five years of experience in their respective fields of international finance, capital market, cross-border
and domestic listing services, and marketing. The majority of the members of our team previously worked in the technology or finance industries.
We highly value members of our qualified professional team and are on the constant lookout for new talents to join our team. 

Recognition and Reputation
Achieved from Our Previous Success 

Since
our inception in 2015, we have successfully helped eight clients to be quoted on the U.S. OTC markets and one client listed on the U.S
Nasdaq market, respectively. We believe we are one of the few going public consulting service providers that possess the necessary resources
and expertise to provide comprehensive personalized one-stop going public consulting services to clients. 

Long-Term Cooperation
Relationship with Third-Party Professional Providers 

We
have established long-term professional relationships with a group of well-known third-party professional providers both domestically
and in the U.S., such as investment banks, certified public accounting firms, law firms, and investor relations agencies, whose services
and support are necessary for us to provide high-quality one-stop going public consulting service to our clients. It took us years of
hard work to demonstrate to these professional organizations that we are a worthy partner capable of providing high-quality professional
services that conforms to their high standards. As a result, our clients are able to gain direct access to and obtain high-quality professional
services from our third-party professional providers. 

3 

Cash Distribution 

Under
our current corporate structure, to fund any liquidity requirements an entity in our corporate group may have, an Affiliated Entity may
rely on dividend payments from ATIF BVI and ATIF BVI may receive distributions or cash transfers from an Affiliated Entity. As of the
date of this annual report, there are no currency exchange restrictions or limitations imposed on the transfer of capital within our corporate
structure, except that the transfers are subject to money laundering and anti-corruption rules and regulations. However, there is no guarantee
that the applicable government will not promulgate new laws or regulations that may impose such restrictions on currency exchanges in
the future. As of the date of this annual report, no transfer of non-cash assets has occurred between ATIF BVI and any of its subsidiaries.
The following table illustrates the breakdown of our cash transfer within our organization as of July 31, 2024: 

Lender 
 Borrower 
 Amount Due 
 
 ATIF BVI 
 ATIF USA 
 3,968,000 
 
 ATIF BVI 
 ATIF INVESTMENT LTD 
 400,672 
 
 ATIF Business Consulting LLC 
 ATIF BVI 
 1,525,000 

The
following table illustrates the breakdown of our cash transfer within our organization as of the day of the year ended July
31, 2023: 

Lender 
 
 Borrower 
 
 Amount Due 

ATIF BVI 
 
 ATIF USA 

2,357,000 

ATIF BVI 
 
 ATIF INVESTMENT LTD 

397,172 

ATIF Business Consulting
 LLC 
 
 ATIF BVI 

935,000 

Following
the completion of the transfer of equity interest in ATIF HK and termination of VIE structure, the Company doesn t have any interest
or obligation in relation to the outstanding loan between ATIF HK, VIE and Huaya. 

As of the date of this annual
report, neither ATIF BVI nor its subsidiaries has a cash management policy. None of ATIF BVI s subsidiaries has ever paid dividends,
made distributions, transferred cash or other assets by kind to ATIF BVI or its shareholders directly or indirectly. However, there is
no assurance that the Chinese government will not, in the future, intervene or impose restrictions or limitations on the Company s
ability to generate income out of mainland China and Hong Kong. Also ATIF BVI has not made any distributions or paid dividends to its
shareholders, including U.S. investors, as of the date of this annual report. 

As of the date of this annual
report, none of the Affiliate Entities has made any dividends or distributions to ATIF BVI, nor has ATIF BVI made any dividends or distributions
to its shareholders. We intend to keep any future earnings to re-invest in and finance the expansion of our business on global platform.
If ATIF BVI determines to pay dividends on any of its Ordinary Shares in the future, as a holding company, it may derive funds for such
distribution from its own cash position or contributions from its subsidiaries. 

Our Business 

We are a British Virgin Islands
business company. We are a business consulting company providing financial consulting services to small and medium-sized enterprises SMEs ).
Since our inception in 2015, the focus of our consulting business has been providing comprehensive going public consulting services designed
to help SMEs become public companies on suitable markets and exchanges. Our goal is to become an international financial consulting company
with clients and offices throughout Asia and North America. On January 4, 2021, we established an office in California, USA, through our
wholly owned subsidiary ATIF Inc., a California corporation, which was incorporated on October 26, 2020, and launched, in addition to
our business consulting services, additional service models consisting of asset management, investment holding and media services to expand
our business with a flexible business concept to achieve a goal of high growth revenue and strong profit growth. Clients located within
United States will be serviced by ATIF Inc., while clients outside United States will be supported by ATIF Inc. s business strategic
cooperative partner Huaya. 

Since our inception, our revenue
has been mainly generated from our going public consulting services. In April 2020, we acquired a 51.2 equity interest in Leaping Group
Co., Ltd. LGC and our revenue was mainly comprised of going public consulting services and event execution and planning
services for the year ended July 31, 2020. On January 29, 2021, we completed a disposition of 51.2 of the equity interest of LGC with
three individuals. For the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, we reported net loss of 6.6 million and 11.0 million from discontinued
operations of LGC as a separate component in the consolidated statements of operations. 

4 

Beginning in August 2018, to complement and facilitate
the growth of our going public consulting service, we launched AT Consulting Center to offer financial consulting programs in Shenzhen,
and in September 2018, we acquired CNNM, or www.chinacnnm.com, a news and media website focused on distributing financial news and information.
In July 2019, we launched an investment and financing analysis reporting business. We have not generated any revenue from this financial
and news platform since its acquisition, and based on our current financial condition and operating performance, our management has assessed
that the likelihood of future use of the financial and news platform is remote, and we provided full impairment on the financial and
news platform in the year ended July 31, 2020. 

In China, a fast-growing economy
and a positive market environment have created many entrepreneurial and high-growth enterprises, many of which need assistance in obtaining
development funds through financing. Due to restrictions imposed by China s foreign exchange regulations, it is difficult for foreign
capital to enter China s capital market. Because of the strict listing policies and a relatively closed financial environment in
mainland China, most small to medium sized enterprises in the development stage are unable to list on domestic exchanges in China. Therefore,
many Chinese enterprises strive to enter international capital markets through overseas listing for equity financing. However, in China,
there is a general lack of understanding of the international capital markets, as well as a lack of professional institutions that provide
overseas going public consulting services to these companies, and many of them may not be familiar with overseas listing requirements. 

We
launched our consulting services in 2015. Our aim was to assist these Chinese enterprises by filling the gaps and forming a bridge between
PRC companies and overseas markets and exchanges. We have a team of qualified and experienced personnel with legal, regulatory, and language
expertise in several overseas jurisdictions. Our services are designed to help SMEs in China achieve their goal of becoming public companies.
We create a going public strategy for each client based on many factors, including our assessment of the client s financial and
operational situations, market conditions, and the client s business and financing requirements. Since our inception and up to July
31, 2024, we have successfully helped nine Chinese enterprises to be quoted on the U.S. OTC markets along with three client getting listed
on Nasdaq Stock Market and are currently assisting our other clients in their respective going public efforts. Most
of our clients are Chinese companies and American companies, and we plan to expand our operations to North America such as Mexico because
we believe there is a huge market potential there. 

On January 4, 2021, we announced
the relocation of our operating headquarter to California, USA, through our wholly owned subsidiary ATIF Inc., a California corporation
incorporated on October 26, 2020, and launched, in addition to our business consulting services, additional service models consisting
of asset management, investment holding and media services to expand our business with a flexible business concept to achieve a goal of
high growth revenue and strong profit growth. As part of this relocation and to streamline the management chain and to improve management
control with a goal of lower costs, we transition the services from our variable interest entity VIE ), Qianhai Asia Times
(Shenzhen) International Financial Services Co., Ltd. Qianhai ), to ATIF Inc. and Huaya, and terminated the VIE agreements
with Qianhai on January 31, 2021. Before the termination, operating revenue generated through Qianhai VIE amounted to 645,127, and net
income (loss) amounted to (1,562,037) for the years ended July 31, 2020. The termination of the Qianhai VIE agreements did not cause
a material impairment of our long-lived assets (primarily including fixed assets such as office furniture and equipment and automobile)
because such assets only amounted to 184,740 and 68,375 as of July 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. All of the fixed assets were transferred
to Huaya upon termination of the VIE agreement. In addition, we had discussions with other business organizations to collaborate with
a goal of leveraging their resources to assist us to grow our business centers in other jurisdictions. We believe that this streamlined
management model and strategic partnership strategy is in line with the current fast-changing and competitive business environment and
will provide us with strong growth capability. The termination of the VIE agreement with Qianhai did not adversely affect Huaya, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

5 

On January 14, 2021, the Company
entered into the Sale and Purchase Agreement with the majority shareholders of LGC consisting of Jiang Bo, Jiang Tao and Wang Di (collectively
the LGC Buyers to sell all interests in LGC. Pursuant to the Sales and Purchase Agreement, the Company sold 10,217,230
ordinary shares of LGC in exchange for (i) 5,555,548 ordinary shares of the Company owned by the LGC Buyers, and (ii) payment by the LGC
Buyers in the amount of US 2,300,000 plus interest at an interest rate of 10 per annum on the unpaid amount if the principal amount of
US 2,300,000 is not paid by January 14, 2022. All principal and accrued and unpaid interest shall be due on January 14, 2023. As of the
date of this annual report, the 5,555,548 shares of ordinary shares owned by the LGC Buyers have been returned to the Company and the
 2.3 million cash payment has not yet been received from the LGC Buyers. For the years ended July 31, 2021 and 2020, we reported net loss
of 6.6 million and 11.0 million from discontinued operations of LGC as a separate component in the consolidated statements of operations.
After completion of the transaction, the Company shall no longer hold any shares of LGC and LGC shall no longer be subsidiary of ATIF.
The Sales and Purchase Agreement closed on January 29, 2021. 

We entered into the Sale Purchase
Agreement because we believed that due to the continued impact of COVID-19 in China, it will take longer, and additional capital will
be required for traditional entertainment and cinemas businesses like LGC to recover. Further, in light of the Company moving its headquarter
to California and transitioning to a new business model focusing on business consulting, asset management, investment holding and media
services, the Company no longer believes that its business has synergy with LGC s cinema advertising and cinema operation business.
Our management and LGC s management also had different views of LGC s future business direction. 

On
February 16, 2021, we established ATIF-1, LP ATIF LP as a private equity fund through our indirectly-wholly owned subsidiary,
ATIF-1 GP, LLC ATIF GP ), a Delaware limited liability company, as the general partner. As of July 31, 2022, we own a 76.6 
limited partner interest in ATIF LP. ATIF LP manages, as of July 31, 2022, approximately 1.3 million assets under management AUM ).
The investment strategy of the fund involves directional long and short investments in equity securities, primarily issued by U.S. large
capitalization companies, and American Depositary Receipts ADRs related to Chinese companies of various sizes, including
private companies. The investment manager for the fund is ATIF Inc. Due to significant volatility in stock market, the private equity
fund lost 1.5 million in fiscal year 2022 as compared to gain 0.2 million in fiscal year 2021. On August 1, 2022, ATIF USA entered into
and closed a Sale and Purchase Agreement with Asia Time (HK) International Finance Service Limited (the Buyer ), pursuant
to which ATIF USA sold all of its membership interests in ATIF GP (the Agreement to the Buyer for cash consideration of
US 50,000. Upon the closing of the Agreement, ATIF GP is no longer our subsidiary and ATIF USA ceased to be the investment
manager of ATIF LP. For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of 56,038 from the transfer of equity interest. 

On May 31, 2022, we completed
the transfer of our equity interest in ATIF HK and Huaya to Mr. Pishan Chi for nil consideration. The transfer of equity interest was
to mitigate the potential risks arising from the PRC government provision of new guidance to and restrictions on China-based companies
raising capital offshore. We determined that the transfer of our equity interest in ATIF HK and Huaya did not have a major effect on our
operations and financial results as we did not change our way of running business. We also determined that the transfer of equity interest
does not represent a strategic shift in our business because there was no change to our operation of our consulting services. There was
no change to the nature of our business, and did not affect our customers in North America, which is the major geographic market area
of our business. However, we intend to continue cooperating with Huaya in connection with the expansion and provision of our business
services in China. Before the disposal of ATIF HK and Huaya, operating revenue generated through Huaya amounted to 366,508 and 401,292,
and net income (loss) amounted to (812,434) and 86,758 for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively. The disposal of Huaya
did not cause a material impairment of our long-lived assets (primarily including fixed assets such as office furniture and equipment
and automobile) because it had no long-lived assets as of May 31, 2022. 

6 

Marketing and Sales 

We believe the success of
our consulting business requires building mutually beneficial long-term relationships with relevant and influential entities, and we have
developed our main marketing channels based on these relationships. 

Since our inception, we have
cultivated and maintained cooperation with a number of city and provincial chambers of commerce and business associations in China, including
the Zhejiang Chamber of Commerce in Shenzhen and Guangdong, Shenzhen Industrial Park Association, Meixian Chamber of Commerce in Shenzhen,
Wenzhou Chamber of Commerce in Shenyang, Shenzhen Elite Chamber of Commerce, and the SME Service Platform in Northeast China. There are
no contractual relationships between us and these organizations. However, these local business organizations have helped our marketing
efforts greatly, due to the fact that: (1) they have access to the information of local enterprises and often recommend and connect
us with potential clients; (2) they help us organize going public briefings and international financial lectures with local enterprises;
and (3) they are able to utilize relationships with local government to initiate and organize government sponsored financial forums
to promote and introduce our consulting services to the local enterprises. 

We also strive to maintain
professional relationships with our former and prospective clients. Our former clients have benefited from our services and oftentimes
are willing and able to introduce prospective clients to us. After nearly three years operating as a consulting service provider specialized
in cross-border going public services, we have developed a database consisting of former and prospective clients, using each as a resource
for business connections and social relations. 

Our employees have been working
in various industries for many years, and accumulated networks of business and social relations including personal connections, corporate
associations, and governmental affiliations, which are all valuable resources through which we can potentially obtain new clients. 

We are constantly seeking
new and effective marketing channels in order to grow into an international consulting company with clients and branches throughout Asia
and North America. To complement and facilitate our growth perspectives, in 2018, we launched AT Consulting Center, we believe, it has
the great potential in becoming instrumental in our marketing efforts for continued growth of our consulting business. 

In addition to our marketing
efforts described above, we also market our consulting services, through: 

Social media, principally WeChat and Weibo; 

Newsletters to our prospective clients; and 

Business relationships with well-known corporations and web platforms with large online traffics that can direct traffic to our website through links on their websites. 

Competition 

We face competition from a number of consulting companies providing
going public consulting services such as Greenpro Capital Corp., Forward Capital, and Metalpha Technology Holding Limited, who recently
entered going public consulting services in 2018. We believe that our relatively mature operating history of nearly three years differentiates
our company from other competitors. Our comprehensive one-stop consulting services, through which we are directly involved in each of
the three pre-defined phases of our clients going public process, are unlike the services provided by many of our competitors,
who often act as mere initial order takers, and then outsource a majority of services to third-party providers. 

7 

Currently, many of the going
public consulting providers in China operate on a relatively small scale, only with a few employees. We believe that we are currently
one of the few consulting companies capable of providing comprehensive one-stop going public services to qualified enterprises. However,
due to favorable market conditions, which may have been overheated by various Chinese government stimulus programs offered recently to
encourage and reward enterprises going public, a number of companies have entered and are entering the going public consulting business.
As such, we expect competition will become more intense, and it is possible that we will not be able to maintain the growth rate we have
achieved previously. 

Major Customers 

The majority of our clients are small to medium-sized enterprises seeking
growth and expansion through going public on recognized exchanges, and 0.6 million and 2.5 million was generated from our consulting
services for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the year ended July 31, 2024, our clients were based in
North America. The number of our consulting service clients was eight and three for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Due to the nature of our consulting business, which requires us to dedicate a large amount of resources to each of our clients, we were
able to generate a relatively large revenue from a small number of clients. As a result, we had two and four clients that accounted for
more than 10 of our total revenues, for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As we continue to expand and grow
the number of clients, we expect the risks arising from customer concentration will be mitigated accordingly. 

Employees 

As of July 31, 2024,
we had 8 full-time employees, including 1 in China and 7 in America. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements
governing their employment with us. We believe our employee relations are good. 

Intellectual Property 

We have received the approval
for the following trademark registrations: 

Trademark 
 Jurisdiction 
 Category 
 Effective Date 
 Expiration Date 
 
 ATIF 
 China 
 36 
 May 7, 2019 
 May 6, 2029 
 
 ATIF 
 Hong Kong 
 36 
 January 31, 2019 
 August 28, 2028 

China 
 36 
 May 14, 2017 
 May 13, 2027 

Hong Kong 
 35;36;41 
 November 26, 2019 
 April 11, 2029 
 
 CNNM 
 Hong Kong 
 35; 38 
 August 29, 2018 
 August 28, 2028 
 
 INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL OF FINANCE 
 Hong Kong 
 41 
 August 29, 2018 
 August 28, 2028 
 
 IPOEX 
 Hong Kong 
 36 
 October 27, 2020 
 October 26, 2030 
 
 IPOEX 
 European Union 
 36 
 January 30, 2021 
 October 15, 2030 
 
 IPOEX 
 China 
 36 
 July 28, 2021 
 July 27, 2031 
 
 IPOEX 
 Singapore 
 36 
 October 15, 2020 
 October 15, 2030 
 
 IPOEX 
 United Kingdom 
 36 
 February 19, 2021 
 October 19, 2030 
 
 IPOEX 
 Korea 
 36 
 February 21, 2022 
 February 21, 2032 

We also own five domain names:
ipoex.com, atifus.com, atifchina, chinacnnm.com and dpoex.com. 

8 

Below are images of our trademarks: 

Recent Regulatory Development 

We
are subject to a wide variety of complex laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. The laws
and regulations govern many issues related to our business practices, including those regarding consumer protection, worker classification,
wage and hour, sick pay and leaves of absence, anti-discrimination and harassment, whistleblower protections, background checks, privacy,
data security, intellectual property, health and safety, environmental, competition, fees and payments, pricing, product liability and
disclosures, property damage, communications, employee benefits, taxation, unionization and collective bargaining, contracts, arbitration
agreements, class action waivers, terms of service, and accessibility of our website. 

These
laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, superseded, or amended in a manner that could harm
our business. These changes may occur immediately or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations
are provided by regulatory and governing bodies, such as federal, state and local administrative agencies. As we expand our business into
new markets or introduce new features or offerings into existing markets, regulatory bodies or courts may claim that we are subject to
additional requirements, or that we are prohibited from conducting business in certain jurisdictions. This section summarizes the principal
regulations applicable to our business. 

Regulation on Intellectual
Property Rights 

Regulations on trademarks 

The
Trademark Law of the People s Republic of China was adopted at the 24th meeting of the Standing Committee of the Fifth National
People s Congress on August 23, 1982. Three amendments were made on February 22, 1993, October 27, 2001, and August 30,
2013, respectively. The last amendment was implemented on May 1, 2014. The regulations on the implementation of the trademark law
of the People s Republic of China were promulgated by the State Council of the People s Republic of China on August 3,
2002, and took effect on September 15, 2002. It was revised on April 29, 2014 and April 23, 2019. The PRC Trademark Office under
the State Administration of Market Regulation handles trademark registrations and grants a term of 10 years to registered trademarks and
another 10 years if requested upon expiration of the first or any renewed 10-year term. Trademark license agreements must be filed with
the PRC Trademark Office for record. The PRC Trademark Law has adopted a first-to-file principle with respect to trademark
registration. Where a trademark to be registered is identical or similar to another trademark which has already been registered or been
subject to a preliminary examination and approval for use on the same kind of or similar goods or services, the application for registration
of such trademark may be rejected. Any person applying for the registration of a trademark may not prejudice the existing right first
obtained by others, nor may any person register in advance a trademark that has already been used by another party and has already gained
a sufficient degree of reputation through such party s use. After receiving an application, the PRC Trademark Office
will make a public announcement if the relevant trademark passes the preliminary examination. During the three months after this public
announcement, any person entitled to prior rights and any interested party may file an objection against the trademark. The PRC Trademark
Office s decisions on rejection, objection, or cancellation of an application may be appealed to the PRC Trademark Review and Adjudication
Board, whose decision may be further appealed through judicial proceedings. If no objection is filed within three months after the public
announcement or if the objection has been overruled, the PRC Trademark Office will approve the registration and issue a registration certificate,
at which point the trademark is deemed to be registered and will be effective for a renewable 10-year period, unless otherwise revoked.
For licensed use of a registered trademark, the licensor shall file record of the licensing with the PRC Trademark Office, and the licensing
shall be published by the PRC Trademark Office. Failure of the licensing of a registered trademark shall not be contested against a good
faith third party. For a detailed description of our trademark registrations, please refer to Intellectual Property. 

9 

Regulations on domain
names 

In
accordance with the Measures for the Administration of Internet Domain Names, which was promulgated by the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology (the MIIT on August 24, 2017 and came into effect on November 1, 2017, the Implementing Rules of China Internet
Network Information Center on Domain Name Registration, which was promulgated by China Internet Network Information Center (the CNNIC on May 28, 2012 and came into effect on May 29, 2012, and the Measures of the China Internet Network Information Center on Domain Name
Dispute Resolution, which was promulgated by CNNIC on September 1, 2014 and came into effect on the same date, domain name registrations
are handled through domain name service agencies established under relevant regulations, and an applicant becomes a domain name holder
upon successful registration, and domain name disputes shall be submitted to an organization authorized by CNNIC for resolution. Besides,
the MIIT is in charge of the administration of PRC internet domain names. The domain name registration follows a first-to-file principle.
Applicants for registration of domain names shall provide true, accurate, and complete information of their identities to domain name
registration service institutions. In accordance with the Notice from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Regulating
the Use of Domain Names in Internet Information Services, which was promulgated by the MIIT on November 27, 2017 and came into effect
on January 1, 2018, Internet access service providers shall verify the identity of each Internet information service provider, and shall
not provide services to any Internet information service provider which fails to provide real identity information. The applicant will
become the holder of such domain names upon completion of the registration procedure. As of July 31, 2020, we had completed registration
of five domain names, ipoex.com, chinacnnm.com , atifchina.com , atifus.com , 
and dpoex.com , in the PRC and became the legal holder of such domain names. 

U.S. Labor and
Employment Laws 

Various
federal and state labor laws govern our relationship with our employees and affect operating costs. These laws include
minimum wage requirements, overtime pay, unemployment tax rates, workers compensation rates, citizenship requirements and sales
taxes. Additional government-imposed increases in minimum wages, overtime pay, paid leaves of absence and mandated health benefits such
as those to be imposed by recently enacted legislation in California, increased tax reporting and tax payment requirements for employees
who receive gratuities, or a reduction in the number of states that allow tips to be credited toward minimum wage requirements could harm
our operating results. 

The
Federal Americans with Disabilities Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in public accommodations and employment. Although
our office is designed to be accessible to the disabled, we could be required to make modifications to our office to provide service to,
or make reasonable accommodations for, disabled persons. 

U.S. Data Protection
and Privacy Laws 

California
has several laws protecting the literary works read by California residents. The California Reader Privacy Act protects information about
the books California residents read from electronic services. Such information cannot be disclosed except pursuant to an individual s
affirmative consent, a warrant or court order with limited exceptions, such as imminent danger of serious injury. California Education
Code Section 99122 requires for-profit postsecondary educational institutions to post a social media privacy policy on their website. 

The
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) provides relief for claims of circumvention of copyright protected technologies and includes a
safe harbor intended to reduce the liability of online service providers for hosting, listing, or linking to third-party content that
infringes copyrights of others. 

The
Communications Decency Act provides that online service providers will not be considered the publisher or speaker of content provided
by others, such as individuals who post content on an online service provider s website. 

10 

The
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, provides consumers the right to know what personal
data companies collect, how it is used, and the right to access, delete, and opt out of the sale of their personal information to third
parties. It also expands the definition of personal information and gives consumers increased privacy rights and protections for that
information. The CCPA also includes special requirements for California consumers under the age of 16. 

The
California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (CDPA) and Colorado Privacy Act (CPA) all will come into effect
on January 1, 2023. These laws provide consumers with the right to know what personal data companies collect, how it is used, and the
right to access, delete, and opt out of the sale of their personal information to third parties. The CPRA also includes special requirements
for California consumers under the age of 16. 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act 

On May 20, 2020, the U.S.
Senate passed the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned
or controlled by a foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not
subject to PCAOB inspection. On December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or HFCAA was signed into law. On September
22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which became law in December 2020 and prohibits foreign companies from
listing their securities on U.S. exchanges if the company has been unavailable for PCAOB inspection or investigation for three consecutive
years. As a result of the HFCAA, trading in ATIF BVI s securities may be prohibited if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect
or fully investigate ATIF BVI s auditor. Furthermore, in June 2021, the Senate passed the AHFCAA, which was signed into law on December
29, 2022, reducing the time period for delisting of foreign companies under the HFCAA to two consecutive years, instead of three years.
Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021, which found that the PCAOB was unable to inspect
or investigate completely certain named registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our independent
registered public accounting firm is headquartered in Denver, Colorado, and has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis and as
such, it is not affected by or subject to the PCAOB s 2021 Determination Report. On August 26, 2022, the SEC issued a statement
announcing that the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance of the People s Republic of China
governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong, jointly agreeing on the need for a framework. On
December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it has secured complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms
headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate the previous 2021 Determination Report to the contrary. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the future, if there is any regulatory change or step taken by PRC regulators that does not permit our auditor to provide
audit documentations located in China to the PCAOB for inspection or investigation, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection
which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities, including trading
on the national exchange and trading on over-the-counter markets, may be prohibited under the HFCAA and AHFCAA and/or PCAOB
may consider the need to issue new determinations consistent with the HFCAA and Rule 6100. 

The recent developments would
add uncertainties to our offering and we cannot assure you whether Nasdaq would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after
considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training,
or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach, or experience as it relates to our audit. 

Corporate Office 

Our principal executive office
and production facility is located in Lake Forest, California, USA, where we lease approximately 7237 square feet of office space and
is located in 25391 Commercentre Dr. Ste 120, Lake Forest, CA 92630. The telephone number at our principal executive office is 646-828-8710.
We believe that these existing facilities will be adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional or alternative
space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms, if required. 

Other Information 

Our Internet address is www.ipoex.com.
We make available on our website our reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
Other than the information expressly set forth in this annual report, the information contained, or referred to, on our website is not
part of this annual report. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the SEC. 

11 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our ordinary
shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the summary of risk factors described below, together with all of
the other information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occur, our
business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our ordinary shares could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. You also should read the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such
statements in the context of this report. The risk factors below do not address all the risks relating to securities, business and operations,
and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to our Business 

We have a limited operating history and
are subject to the risks encountered by early-stage companies . 

We have only been in business
since November 2015. We did not generate any revenue until the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. We launched AT Consulting Center,
which offers financial and advisory services to our clients in August 2018 and acquired CNNM, a media and news platform, in September 2018.
As a start-up company, our business strategies and model are constantly being tested by the market and operating results, and we pursue
to adjust our allocation of resources accordingly. As such, our business may be subject to significant fluctuations in operating results
in terms of amounts of revenues and percentages of total with respect to the business segments. 

We are, and expect for the
foreseeable future to be, subject to all the risks and uncertainties, inherent in a new business and in an industry which is in the early
stages of development in China. As a result, we must establish many functions necessary to operate a business, including expanding our
managerial and administrative structure, assessing and implementing our marketing program, implementing financial systems and controls
and personnel recruitment. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays, and difficulties
frequently encountered by companies with a limited operating history. These risks and challenges are, among other things: 

we operate in an industry that is or may in the future be subject to increasing regulation by various governmental agencies in China; 

we may require additional capital to develop and expand our operations which may not be available to us when we require it; 

our marketing and growth strategy may not be successful; 

our business may be subject to significant fluctuations in operating results; and 

we may not be able to attract, retain and motivate qualified professionals. 

Our future growth will depend
substantially on our ability to address these and the other risks described in this annual report. If we do not successfully address these
risks, our business would be significantly harmed. 

We have incurred net losses for the year
ended July 31, 2024 and expect losses to continue in the near future. 

For the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2024, we incurred a loss of 3.2 million. Our operations have been adversely affected by the effect of declining Economic
environment. In addition, the PRC has recently issued statements that may have the effect of slowing down our business consulting services
of assisting PRC companies to go public in the United States. As a result, until the PRC further clarifies its views and regulations
regarding PRC companies seeking to go public in the United States, and PRC companies are comfortable with the business climate and seeking
our services, we anticipate that we continue to experience losses in the future. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to our existing stockholders 

As of July 31, 2024, we had
cash of 1.2 million. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, strategic
partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, existing ownership interests will be diluted and the terms of such financings may include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect the rights of existing stockholders. Debt financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants
to purchase shares, which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our
ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions
that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business and may result in liens being placed on our assets and intellectual property.
If we were to default on such indebtedness, we could lose such assets and intellectual property. 

12 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of NASDAQ, we would face possible delisting, which would result in a limited
public market for our shares and make obtaining future debt or equity financing more difficult for us. 

Stockholders Equity Requirement 

As previously reported on
November 22, 2023, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq (the Stockholder Equity Letter), regarding its non-compliance with the minimum
stockholders equity requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The letter notified the Company that its stockholders 
equity, reported at 1,539,353 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending July 31, 2023, did not meet the Nasdaq Capital
Market s minimum stockholders equity requirement of 2,500,000 for continued listing as per Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1)
(the Stockholders Equity Requirement). Nasdaq gave the Company until January 8, 2024, to submit a plan to regain compliance with
the minimum stockholders equity requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). 

As
previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K April 16, 2024 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
 Purchase Agreement with a non- U.S investor named in the Purchase Agreement (the Purchaser ), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 1,092,512 newly issued ordinary shares of the Company, 0.001 par value per
ordinary share (the Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of 1.23 per share (the Private Placement ). In
connection with the Private Placement, the Company received gross proceeds in the amount of 1,343,789.76. As previously reported in
a Current Report on Form 8-K, on April 18, 2024, the Company entered into two securities purchase agreements (the April 18
Purchase Agreements in a private placement (the April 18 Private Placement of the Company s 813,010
newly issued ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per ordinary share, with one (1) U.S. accredited investor, as defined under Rule 501
of Regulation D, and one (1) non-U.S. investor (individually, an Investor and collectively, the
 Investors ), at the purchase price of 1.23 per ordinary share. The Company received gross proceeds in the amount of
 1,000,002.38 in connection with the April 18 Private Placement. 

As
previously reported in a Form 8-K, on April 29, 2024, the Company entered into a deferred salary conversion agreement Deferred
Salary Conversion Agreement with Mr. Jun Liu, the president, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors
of the Company. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company issued 384,478 ordinary shares to Mr. Liu Deferred Salary Debt Shares ),
 0.001 par value in lieu of an unpaid salary of 349,875 owed to Mr. Liu at a per share price of 0.91 which was the Nasdaq consolidated
closing bid price per share of the Company s ordinary shares on April 29, 2024. 

On May 16, 2024, Nasdaq granted
the Company an extension of time until May 20, 2024 to provide evidence of compliance, by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes
(1) disclosure of Nasdaq s deficiency letter and the specific deficiency or deficiencies cited; (2) a description of the completed
transaction or event that enabled the Company to satisfy the stockholders equity requirement for continued listing; (3) an affirmative
statement that, as of the date of the report, the Company believes it has regained compliance with the stockholders equity requirement
based upon the specific transaction or event referenced in item (2) above; and (4) a disclosure stating that Nasdaq will continue to monitor
the Company s ongoing compliance with the stockholders equity requirement and, if at the time of its next periodic report
the Company does not evidence compliance, that it may be subject to delisting. 

As of May 16, 2024,
the Company submitted to Nasdaq that it believes its shareholders equity as of April 30, 2024, on a pro forma basis after giving
effect to the transactions described above would be 2,683,042 and therefore, believes it has regained compliance with the stockholders 
equity requirement based upon the specific transactions and events referenced above. Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company s
ongoing compliance with the stockholders equity requirement, and if at the time of its next periodic report, which will be its
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company does not evidence compliance, it may be subject to delisting. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company s
stockholders equity was 1,753,754. 

There can be no assurance
that the company will continue to have a minimum stockholders equity of 2,500,000 and satisfy Nasdaq s requirements for
continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), the Stockholders Equity Requirement. If we fail to satisfy any of Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our ordinary shares, which could have a materially adverse effect on our
ability to raise additional funds as well as the price and liquidity 

If
the Company fails to regain compliance with Nasdaq s Listing Rules, we could be subject to suspension and delisting proceedings.
If our securities lose their status on The NASDAQ Capital Market, our securities would likely trade in the over-the-counter market. If
our securities were to trade on the over-the-counter market, selling our securities could be more difficult because smaller quantities
of securities would likely be bought and sold, transactions could be delayed, and security analysts coverage of us may be reduced.
In addition, in the event our securities are delisted, broker-dealers have certain regulatory burdens imposed upon them, which may discourage
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities, further limiting the liquidity of our securities. These factors could result
in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our securities. Such delisting from The NASDAQ Capital Market and continued
or further declines in our share price could also greatly impair our ability to raise additional necessary capital through equity or debt
financing, and could significantly increase the ownership dilution to shareholders caused by our issuing equity in financing or other
transactions. 

13 

Our historical financial results may not
be indicative of our future performance. 

We may not be able to sustain
our historical rapid growth and/or may not be able to grow our business at all. Our net revenue was 0.6 million and 2.5 million for
the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our net loss was 3.2 million and 2.9 million for the years ended July 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively. However, our historical growth rate, limited history of operation, changes to business operations, among other
factors, make it difficult to evaluate our prospects. 

Substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Because
of our losses from operations, cash outflow in operating activities, and
our requirement of additional capital to fund our current operating plan, at July 31, 2024, these factors indicate the existence of an
uncertainty that raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and is dependent on our ability to raise addition
working capital through debt or equity financings. 

We may incur liability for unpaid taxes,
including interest and penalties. 

In the normal course of business,
we may be subject to challenges from various taxing authorities regarding the amounts of taxes due. The taxing authorities may take the
position that we owe more taxes than we have paid. We recorded tax liabilities of approximately 3,300 and 31,200 as of July 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively, for the possible underpayment of income and business taxes. It is possible that our tax for past taxes may be
higher than those amounts if the authorities determine that we are subject to penalties or that we have not paid the correct amount. Although
our management believes it may be able to negotiate with local taxing authorities a reduction to any amounts that such authorities may
believe are due and a reduction to any interest or penalties thereon, we have no guarantee that we will be able to negotiate such a reduction.
To the extent we are able to negotiate such amounts, national-level taxing authorities may take the position that localities are without
power to reduce such liabilities, and such taxing authorities may attempt to collect unpaid taxes, interest and penalties in amounts greatly
exceeding management s estimates. 

Changes in the U.S. capital markets could
make our services less attractive to our clients and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Our consulting services help
our clients become public companies. For the year ended July 31, 2024, our clients were primarily based in Hong Kong and North America.
We are expanding our consulting services to include Chinese domestic exchanges and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, but currently, all of
our former and current clients have chosen to go public in the U.S. We believe this is due to the more flexible rules provided by
the U.S. OTC markets and exchanges than the Chinese domestic exchanges, as well as the attractive financing and growth opportunities the
U.S. capital market, which has remained relatively stable comparing to the Chinese capital market, are perceived to be able to provide
to the Chinese enterprises. As a result, our going public consulting business has flourished since its inception in 2015. However, changes
in the U.S. capital markets could make our service less desirable to Chinese enterprises. For example, if the U.S. OTC markets and exchanges
make their rules more stringent to Chinese enterprises, then fewer Chinese enterprises will be able to use our consulting services
to go public in the U.S., and our business and financial condition will be adversely affected as a result. 

14 

Failure to maintain or enhance our brand or image could
have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We believe our ATIF 
brand is associated with a well-recognized, integrated consulting services company in the market that it operates, with comprehensive
personalized one-stop consulting services to suit our clients needs. Our brand is integral to our sales and marketing efforts.
Our continued success in maintaining and enhancing our brand and image depends to a large extent on our ability to satisfy customers 
needs by further developing and maintaining quality of services across our operations, as well as our ability to respond to competitive
pressures. If we are unable to satisfy customers needs or if our public image or reputation were otherwise diminished, our business
transactions with our clients may decline, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. 

We may not be successful in implementing
important new strategic initiatives, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

There is no assurance that
we will be able to implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations, which may result in an adverse impact
on our business and financial results. Our new strategic initiatives, AT Consulting Center and CNNM, which were launched in 2018, and
the investment and financing analysis reporting business, which was launched in July 2019, are designed to create growth, improve
our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value. However, our management may lack required experience, knowledge, insight,
or human and capital resources to carry out the effective implementation to expand into new spaces outside the financial consulting industry.
As such, we may not be able to realize our expected growth, and our business and financial results will be adversely impacted. 

Increasing competition within our industry
could have an impact on our business prospects. 

The financial consulting market
is an industry where new competitors can easily enter into since there are no significant barriers to entry. Competing companies may have
significantly greater financial and other resources than we do and may offer services that are more attractive to companies seeking funds;
increased competition would have a negative impact on both our revenues and our profit margins. 

Our results of operations and cash flows
may fluctuate due to the non-recurring nature of our going public consulting services provided to our clients. 

We generated the bulk of our
total revenues from going public consulting services provided to small and medium-sized enterprises. Unlike other service businesses that
have the potential of retaining their clients for long-term and recurring services, our consulting contractual relationships with our
clients usually last for 12 months; there is no recurring business from our clients once they become public companies. Therefore, we face
the constant challenge of identifying and recruiting new clients in order to maintain our operations and cash flows, which are difficult
for us to predict from year to year. 

In addition, even though we
screen our prospective clients carefully before entering into service agreements, occasionally we have to discontinue our consulting services
due to a variety of unforeseeable reasons such as the client s shortage in funds, disagreements regarding the going public process,
and changes in the client s business and expectations, among others. Due to the fact that our consulting fee is paid on installments,
we will not be able to realize the complete contracted amounts under these circumstances, without getting into potentially costly litigations. 

15 

Arbitration proceedings, legal proceedings,
investigations, and other claims or disputes are costly to defend and, if determined adversely to us, could require us to pay fines or
damages, undertake remedial measures, or prevent us from taking certain actions, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

In the course of our business,
we are, and in the future may be, a party to arbitration proceedings, legal proceedings, investigations, and other claims or disputes,
which have related and may relate to subjects including commercial transactions, intellectual property, securities, employee relations,
or compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As discussed below, we are engaged in a lawsuit relating to certain engagement agreements
we had in connection with our and Leaping Group Co. s initial public offering. 

On May 14, 2020, Boustead filed a lawsuit
against the Company and LGC for breaching the underwriting agreement Boustead had with each of the Company and LGC, in which Boustead
was separately engaged as the exclusive financial advisor to provide financial advisory services to the Company and LGC. 

In April 2020, the Company acquired 51.2 
equity interest in LGC after LGC terminated its efforts to launch an IPO on its own. Boustead alleged that the acquisition transaction
between the Company and LGC was entered into during the tail period of the exclusive agreement between Boustead and the Company, and therefore
deprived Boustead of compensation that Boustead would otherwise have been entitled to receive under its exclusive agreement with the Company
and LGC. Therefore, Boustead is attempting to recover from the Company an amount equal to a percentage of the value of the transaction
it conducted with LGC. 

Boustead s Complaint alleges four causes
of action against the Company, including breach of contract; breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; tortious interference
with business relationships and quantum meruit. 

On October 6, 2020, ATIF filed a motion to dismiss
Boustead s Complaint pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) and 12(b)(5). On October 9, 2020, the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York directed Boustead to respond to the motion or amend its Complaint by November 10, 2020. 
Boustead opted to amend its complaint and filed the amended complaint on November 10, 2020. Boustead s amended complaint asserts
the same four causes of action against ATIF and LGC as its original complaint. The Company filed another motion to dismiss Boustead s
amended complaint on December 8, 2020. 

On August 25, 2021, the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York granted ATIF s motion to dismiss Boustead s first amended complaint. In its order
and opinion, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York allowed Boustead to move for leave to amend its causes
of action against ATIF as to breach of contract and tortious interference with business relationships, but not breach of the implied covenant
of good faith and fair dealing and quantum meruit. On November 4, 2021, Boustead filed a motion seeking leave to file a second amended
complaint to amend its cause of action for Breach of Contract. The Court granted Boustead s motion for leave and Boustead filed
the second amended complaint on December 28, 2021 alleging only breach of contract and dropping all other causes of action alleged in
the original complaint. On January 18, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss Boustead s second amended complaint. Boustead
filed its opposition on February 1, 2022 and the Company replied on February 8, 2022. 

On July 6, 2022, the Court denied our motion to
dismiss the second amended complaint. Thereafter, on August 3, 2022, the Company filed a motion to compel arbitration of Boustead s
claims in California. Briefing on the Company s motion to compel concluded on August 23, 2022. Since the agreement between ATIF
and Boustead contains a valid arbitration clause that applies to Boustead s breach of contract claim, and the parties have not engaged
in discovery, on February 14, 2023, the Court ordered that ATIF s motion to compel arbitration is granted and this case is stayed
pending arbitration. 

16 

On March 10, 2023, Boustead,
filed Demand for Arbitration against ATIF (the Respondent) before JAMS in California and the assigned JAMS case Ref. No. is 5220002783.
On May 25, 2023, ATIF filed its answer to deny Boustead s Demand for Arbitration, which was unsuccessful and the arbitration process
was initiated. The arbitrator ordered a motion to be filed by Boustead for a determination of contact interpretation, prior to extensive
discovery into issues such as the alleged merits and damages, and to determine whether the contract interpretation should allow the matter
to further proceed. Boustead had filed the Motion for Contract Interpretation Determination. ATIF filed its opposition to that Motion
on October 16, 2023. The hearing on the motion was held on November 8, 2023, during which the arbitrator extended the hearing to February
29, 2024. The arbitrator also established December 15, 2023, as the deadline for Boustead to submit its reply regarding the contract
interpretation issues raised by the Company. Simultaneously, the Company was granted until February 12, 2024, to present its response
brief. 

On September 24, 2024, the Company and Boustead entered into a settlement
agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall pay a total amount of 1,000,000 to Boustead. The payment is made in three instalments,
the first instalment of 250,000 is payable upon execution of the settlement agreement, the second instalment of 500,000 is payable
before March 1, 2025, and the final instalment of 250,000 is payable before December 31, 2025. 

On December 22, 2023, J.P Morgan Securities LLC JPMS filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California, County of Orange, bearing Case Number 30-2023-01369978-CU-FR-CJC against ATIF Holdings
Limited Holdings ), ATIF Inc., ATIF-1 GP, LLC (ATIF-1 GP ), and two officers of Holdings and ATIF Inc., Jun Liu and
Zhiliang Ian Zhou, alleging and asserting that it is entitled to recover 5,064,160 in damages plus interest and attorneys 
fees relating to a stock transaction by ATIF-1 GP. 

The parties have agreed to
attempt to mediate the dispute before proceeding to litigation. A mediation was held on May 6, 2024, but the parties could not come
to a resolution. The Defendants time to respond to the lawsuit was May 20, 2024. On May 15, 2024, the Defendants filed a Petition
with the Superior Court of California seeking to compel arbitration under the operative agreements and stay the underlying State Court
action. On or about August 16, 2024, the parties agreed that JPMS and ATIF-1 GP, LLC would submit any disputes between the two of them
only, to FINRA arbitration, and stay the California state court case pending such arbitration. At this time, the management is still in
the process of evaluating the claims and defenses. 

We may be subject to damages resulting from unauthorized access
or hacking and other cyber risks. 

Hacking is the process of
attempting to gain or successfully gaining unauthorized access to computer system. As with any website, our websites may be subject to
hacking regardless of whether we have in place securities systems which limit access to our platform. When a person engages in website
hacking, he or she takes control of the website from the website owner. Password hacking is obtaining a user s secret password from
data that has been stored in or transmitted by a computer system. Computer hacking is obtaining access to and viewing, creating or editing
material without authorization. Hackers can bring a website down by causing large numbers of users to seek to access the website without
the knowledge of the users, which is known as denial-of-service hacking. Despite our disclaimers, injured parties may seek to obtain damages
from us for their loss. Thus, in additional to any financial or reputation losses that we may sustain, it is possible that a court or
administrative body may hold us liable for damages sustained by others. Any such losses could materially impair our financial condition
and our ability to conduct business. 

17 

If we fail to hire, train, and retain qualified
managerial and other employees, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We place substantial reliance
on the consulting and financial service industry experience and knowledge of our senior management team as well as their relationships
with other industry participants. The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management could hinder our ability to
effectively manage our business and implement our growth strategies. Finding suitable replacements for our current senior management could
be difficult, and competition for such personnel of similar experience is intense. If we fail to retain our senior management, our business
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our consulting service personnel
are critical to maintaining the quality and consistency of our services, brand, and reputation. It is important for us to attract qualified
managerial and other employees who have experience in consulting services and are committed to our service approach. There may be a limited
supply of such qualified individuals. We must hire and train qualified managerial and other employees on a timely basis to keep pace with
our rapid growth while maintaining consistent quality of services across our operations. We must also provide continuous training to our
managerial and other employees so that they are equipped with up-to-date knowledge of various aspects of our operations and can meet our
demand for high-quality services. If we fail to do so, the quality of our services may decrease, which in turn, may cause a negative perception
of our brand and adversely affect our business. 

Any failure to protect our trademarks and
other intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our business. 

We believe our trademarks,
 in Hong Kong, ATIF in Hong Kong and China, 
in China, CNNM in Hong Kong INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL OF FINANCE in Hong Kong, IPOEX in China, the
United Kingdom, the European Union, and Singapore, and is also in the process of registration with the trademark office of Korea, and
other intellectual property rights are critical to our success. Any unauthorized use of our trademarks and other intellectual property
rights could harm our competitive advantages and business. Historically, China has not protected intellectual property rights to the same
extent as the United States, and infringement of intellectual property rights continues to pose a serious risk of doing business in China.
Monitoring and preventing unauthorized use are difficult. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not be
adequate. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in China and abroad is uncertain and evolving, and
could involve substantial risks to us. If we are unable to adequately protect our brand, trademarks and other intellectual property rights,
we may lose these rights and our business may suffer materially. 

As internet domain name rights
are not rigorously regulated or enforced in China, other companies may incorporate in their domain names elements similar in writing or
pronunciation to the ATIF , CNNM, and INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL OF FINANCE, and IPOEX 
trademarks or their Chinese equivalents. This may result in confusion between those companies and our company and may lead to the dilution
of our brand value, which could adversely affect our business. 

18 

We depend heavily on a limited number
of clients. 

We have derived, and believe
that we will continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of clients for which we perform large projects.
In addition, revenue from a large client may constitute a significant portion of our total revenue in any particular quarter. The loss
of any of our large clients for any reason, including as a result of the acquisition of that client by another entity, our failure to
meet that client s expectations, the client s decision to reduce spending on projects, or failure to collect amounts owed
to us from our client could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on information
management systems and any damage, interruption or compromise of our information management systems or data could disrupt and harm our
business. 

We
rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic
information in connection with the operation of our business. Additionally, we collect and store data that is sensitive to our company.
Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical
to our business operations and strategy. Our information management systems and the data contained therein may be vulnerable to damage,
including interruption due to power loss, system and network failures, operator negligence and similar causes. 

The
techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and often are not
recognized until launched against a target, or even some time after. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate
preventative measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis even if our security measures are appropriate, reasonable,
and/or comply with applicable legal requirements. Certain efforts may be state-sponsored and supported by significant financial and technological
resources, making them even more sophisticated and difficult to detect. Insider or employee cyber and security threats are also a significant
concern for all companies, including ours. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially
be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and
services to our customers, the compromising, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation
or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage
to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or
financial condition. Any significant compromise of our information management systems or data could impede or interrupt our business operations
and may result in negative consequences including loss of revenue, fines, penalties, litigation, reputational damage, inability to accurately
and/or timely complete required filings with government entities including the SEC and the Internal Revenue Service, unavailability or
disclosure of confidential information (including personal information) and negative impact on our stock price. 

19 

We may not be successful
in the implementation of our business strategy or our business strategy may not be successful, either of which will impede our development
and growth. 

We do not know whether we
will be able to continue successfully implementing our business strategy or whether our business strategy will ultimately be successful.
In assessing our ability to meet these challenges, a potential investor should take into account our lack of operating history, our management s
relative inexperience, the competitive conditions existing in our industry and general economic conditions. Our growth is largely dependent
on our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Our revenues may be adversely affected if we fail to implement our business
strategy or if we divert resources to a business strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

Our service offerings may not be accepted. 

We constantly seek to modify
our service offerings to the marketplace. As is typically the case evolving service offerings, anticipation of demand and market acceptance
are subject to a high level of uncertainty. The success of our service offerings primarily depends on the interest of our customers. In
general, achieving market acceptance for our services will require substantial marketing efforts and the expenditure of significant funds,
which we may not have available, to create awareness and demand among customers. 

These risks could materially
affect our business, results of operation or financial condition and affect the value of our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties
that are not yet identified may also materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition and could result in a complete
loss of your investment. You could lose all or part of your investment. For more information, see Where You Can Find More Information. 

Risks Relating to Doing Business in China 

Changes in China s economic, political,
or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

If the Company is engaged
by clients in mainland China and Hong Kong and we derive revenue from mainland China and Hong Kong, our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects may be influenced, to a degree, by political, economic, and social conditions in China generally.
The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement,
level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange, and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented
measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, including the reduction of state ownership of productive assets
and the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a significant portion of productive assets in China is
still owned by the government. In addition, the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industries by imposing
regulatory guidance or policies. The Chinese government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth by allocating
resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policies, and providing preferential treatment
to particular industries or companies. 

While the Chinese economy
has experienced significant growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the
economy. Any adverse changes in economic conditions in China, in the policies of the Chinese government, or in the laws and regulations
in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China. Such developments could adversely affect our business
and operating results, reduce demand for our services, and weaken our competitive position. The Chinese government has implemented various
measures to encourage economic growth and guided the allocation of various types of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the
overall Chinese economy, but others may have a negative effect on our operations. 

20 

The legal system in the PRC
is not as developed as in some other jurisdictions, such as the U.S. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes.
Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential
value. Since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of
many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and the enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties.
Uncertainties arising from the legal system in China, including uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws
and the possibility that regulations and rules can change quickly with little advance notice, could hinder our ability to offer or continue
to offer securities, result in a material adverse change to our client s business operations and our ability to provide them services,
which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and cause our securities to significantly
decline in value or become worthless. 

The Chinese government exerts substantial
influence over the manner in which we conduct our business activities in PRC. 

The Chinese government has
exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulations and state
ownership. Our ability and our PRC clients ability to conduct business in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations,
including those relating to taxation, property and other matters, which could result in a material change in our operations, our PRC clients 
operations and the value of the securities we are registering. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new
and restrictive regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part
to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision
not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in
the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China, and result in a material change
in our operations and/or that of our clients. 

For example, the Chinese cybersecurity
regulator announced on July 2, 2021, that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that
Didi Global Inc. s application be removed from all the smartphone application stores in China. 

Given the example of Didi
Global Inc. and recent statements of by the Chinese government indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control overseas offerings
and foreign investments in Chinese companies, our Chinese clients business may be subject to various government and regulatory
interference once our Chinese clients shares are listed on a US stock exchange and such regulatory actions could significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our services to our clients in China and directly impact our revenue. 

Although we are currently
not required to obtain any permission from any PRC government to conduct business in China, it will remain uncertain when and whether
we will be required to obtain any permission from the PRC government to provide services to Chinese companies, and even when we obtain
such permission in accordance with the new rules and regulations, it will be unclear whether such permission will be rescinded or revoked
at some point in time. 

Changes in the policies of the PRC government
could have a significant impact upon our ability to generate revenue from the PRC. 

Currently, a significant portion
of our clients operate and generate their revenue in the PRC. Accordingly, economic, political and legal developments in the PRC will
significantly impact our customers business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Policies of the PRC government
can have significant effects on economic conditions in the PRC and the ability of businesses to operate profitably. As a result of our
customers business operation, our ability to conduct a profitable business in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in policies
by the PRC government, including changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation. As of the date of this annual report, we have not
been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity review initiated by any PRC regulatory authority, nor have we received any inquiry,
notice, or sanction related to cybersecurity review under the Cybersecurity Review Measures. 

21 

We have been closely monitoring
China s regulatory developments regarding any approvals from the CSRC, the CAC, or other PRC regulatory authorities required for
our business operations. However, significant uncertainty remains about enacting, interpreting, and implementing regulatory requirements
related to overseas securities offerings and other capital markets activities. The PRC government may take actions to exert more oversight
and control over offerings by China-based issuers conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in such companies, which could significantly
limit or ultimately hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer services to companies looking to get listed outside China and which
might impact our revenue. If it is determined in the future that the approval or permissions of the CSRC, the CAC, or any other regulatory
authority is required for the business operations and if we do not receive or maintain the approvals or permissions, or if we inadvertently
conclude that such approvals or permissions are not required, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change such that we
are required to obtain approvals or permissions in the future, we may be subject to investigations by competent regulators, fines or penalties,
ordered to suspend our relevant operations and rectify any non-compliance, or take other actions prohibited from engaging in a relevant
business or conducting any offering. These risks could result in a material adverse change in our operations, significantly impact our
revenue or ultimately hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to decline in
value or become worthless. 

In light of recent events indicating greater
oversight by the CAC over data security, we may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity and
data protection, and any failure to comply with applicable laws and obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business,
our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, financial condition, results of operations, and the offering. 

The Chinese regulatory requirements
with respect to cybersecurity and data privacy are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations, and significant
changes, resulting in uncertainties about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the PRC cybersecurity
and data privacy requirements in a timely manner, or at all, may subject our clients to government enforcement actions and investigations,
fines, penalties, suspension or disruption of their operations, among other things. The Chinese Cybersecurity Law, which was adopted by
the National People s Congress on November 7, 2016 and came into force on June 1, 2017, provide that personal information
and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure operator in the course of its operations in China
must be stored in China, and the Cybersecurity Review Measures which became effective on February 15, 2022, provided that if a critical
information infrastructure operator purchases internet products and services that affect or may affect national security, it should be
subject to cybersecurity review by the CAC. Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of what constitute a CIIO 
remains unclear. Further, the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws. 

On June 10, 2021, the Standing
Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the Data Security Law, which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Data
Security Law requires that data shall not be collected by theft or other illegal means, and also provides for a data classification and
hierarchical protection system. The data classification and hierarchical protection system puts data into different groups according to
its importance in economic and social development, and the damages it may cause to national security, public interests, or the legitimate
rights and interests of individuals and organizations in case the data is falsified, damaged, disclosed, illegally obtained or illegally
used. In addition, on December 28, 2021, a total of thirteen governmental departments of the PRC, including the PRC State Internet Information
Office, issued the Measures of Cybersecurity Review, according to which, a cybersecurity review is conducted by the CAC, to assess potential
national security risks that may be brought about by any procurement, data processing, or overseas listing. The Measures of Cybersecurity
Review further, if effective, would require that critical information infrastructure operators and services and data processing operators
that possess personal data of at least one (1) million users must apply for a review by the Cybersecurity Review Office of PRC, if they
plan to conduct securities listings on foreign exchanges. In addition to the new Measures of Cybersecurity Review, it also remains uncertain
whether any future regulatory changes may impose additional restrictions on our clients. 

It remains uncertain as to
how the Cybersecurity Review Measures will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may
adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Cybersecurity Review Measures. Our clients
may experience disruptions to their operations should they be required to have a cybersecurity review by the CAC. Any cybersecurity review
could also result in uncertainty to their US stock exchange listing, future offerings, negative impacts on our share trading prices and
diversion of our managerial and financial resources. 

22 

We may face negative tax implications due
to the termination of the VIE structure. 

We have terminated the VIE
structure to mitigate the potential risks arising from the PRC government provision of new guidance to and restrictions on China-based
companies raising capital offshore and currently have no VIE structure in the corporate group. However, if the relevant PRC tax authority
determines that the Exclusive Service Agreement under the terminated VIE arrangements had no reasonable business purpose and involved
unreasonable transfer pricing, there might be potential tax liabilities on ATIF BVI. According to the provision under the PRC Enterprise
Income Tax Law, if the business transactions between related parties do not comply with principle of independent transaction and reduce
the taxable income or income, the tax authorities are entitled to make an adjustment by using a reasonable method. Therefore, we cannot
provide any assurance that there is no retrospective tax or other liabilities or consequences on us due to the winding-up of the VIE structure.

Risks related to a future determination
that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely. 

The audit report included
in our annual report on Form 10-K for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, was issued by ZH CPA, a U.S.-based accounting firm that is registered
with the PCAOB and can be inspected by the PCAOB. We have no intention of dismissing ZH CPA in the future or of engaging any auditor not
based in the U.S. and not subject to regular inspection by the PCAOB. There is no guarantee, however, that any future auditor engaged
by the Company would remain subject to full PCAOB inspection during the entire term of our engagement. The PCAOB is currently unable to
conduct inspections in China without the approval of Chinese government authorities. If it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not
issued by auditors that are completely inspected by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in China that prevents
the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors audits and their quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance
that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. In addition, under the HFCAA, our securities may be prohibited
from trading on the Nasdaq or other U.S. stock exchanges or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. if our auditor is not inspected
by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our Ordinary Shares being delisted. Furthermore, on June
22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA, which was signed into law on December 29, 2022, amending the HFCAA and requiring the SEC
to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchange if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for
two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. 

On December 2, 2021, SEC
has announced the adoption of amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The
rules apply to registrants the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting
firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate (Commission-Identified Issuers).
The final amendments require Commission-Identified Issuers to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that, if true, it is not owned
or controlled by a governmental entity in the public accounting firm s foreign jurisdiction. The amendments also require that a
Commission-Identified Issuer that is a foreign issuer, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 3b-4, provide certain additional
disclosures in its annual report for itself and any of its consolidated foreign operating entities. Further, the adopting release provides
notice regarding the procedures the SEC has established to identify issuers and to impose trading prohibitions on the securities of certain
Commission-Identified Issuers, as required by the HFCAA. The SEC will identify Commission-Identified Issuers for fiscal years beginning
after Dec. 18, 2020. A Commission-Identified Issuer will be required to comply with the submission and disclosure requirements in the
annual report for each year in which it was identified. 

23 

Risks Relating to the our Ordinary Shares 

The Warrants we sold in a Private Placement
Completed on November 5, 2020 contain repricing features which may have the effect of limiting our ordinary share price and make it more
expensive to raise capital in the future. 

In a November 5, 2020, private
placement, we sold warrants to purchase 869,565 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of 4.60 per Ordinary Share. Each warrant will expire
five years from the date of issuance. The warrant exercise price may be subject to adjustment in the event that we issue certain securities
at prices below the then exercise price. In connection with our reverse stock split, the exercise price for these warrants were repriced
at 2.74 per ordinary share. Until these warrants all exercised, these repricing exercise features may have the effect of limiting our
ordinary share price and make it more expensive to raise capital in the future. As of July 31, 2024, 563,855 warrants have been exercised
for 459,986 Ordinary Shares, among which 389,855 warrants were exercised at 2.74 per ordinary share for an aggregate total of 1.1 million,
and the remaining 174,000 warrants were cashless exercises. 

Sales of a significant number of our Ordinary
Shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our Ordinary Shares. 

In connection with a private
placement of warrants to purchase 869,565 Ordinary Shares that closed on November 5, 2020, we have filed a registration statement allowing
the holders of the warrants to resale the Ordinary Shares that they may acquire upon the exercise thereof in the public market. The exercise
of the warrants and subsequent sales of those Ordinary Shares in the public market could depress the market price of our Ordinary Shares
and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales
of our Ordinary Shares would have on the market price of our Ordinary Shares. 

Our largest shareholder owns approximately
47.4 of our Ordinary Shares, which will allow him the ability to elect directors and approve matters requiring shareholder approval by
way of resolution of members. 

Mr. Jun Liu, who is our President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, is currently the beneficial owner of 5,652,808 ordinary shares (as adjusted to reflect
the Reverse Split), or 47.4 of our current outstanding Ordinary Shares (32.2 directly held by Mr. Liu including 28.9 directly held
by Tianzhen Investments Limited which is an entity that 100 owned by Mr. Liu, and the remaining 15.3 that may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by Mr. Liu through the assignment of a proxy agreement entered with Eno Group Limited on September 30, 2018 to Tianzhen Investments
Limited on February 10, 2021). Mr. Liu has the power to elect all directors and approve all matters requiring shareholder approval without
the votes of any other shareholder, significant influence over a decision to enter into any corporate transaction, and the ability to
prevent any transaction that requires the approval of shareholders, regardless of whether or not our directors or other shareholders believe
that such a transaction is in our best interests. Such concentration of voting power could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or
preventing a change of control or other business combination, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on the market price of our
Ordinary Shares or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over the then-prevailing market price for their Ordinary Shares. 

Since we are deemed a controlled
company under the Nasdaq listing rules, we may follow certain exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that could
adversely affect our public shareholders. 

Our largest shareholder owns
more than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding ordinary shares. Under the Nasdaq listing rules, a company of which more than
50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group, or another company is a controlled company and is permitted to
phase in its compliance with the independent committee requirements. Although we do not intend to rely on the controlled company 
exemptions under the Nasdaq listing rules even though we are deemed a controlled company, we could elect to rely on
these exemptions in the future. If we were to elect to rely on the controlled company exemptions, a majority of the members
of our board of directors might not be independent directors and our nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees might
not consist entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, if we rely on the exemptions, during the period we remain a controlled company
and during any transition period following a time when we are no longer a controlled company, you would not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 

24 

We do not intend to pay dividends for the
foreseeable future. 

We currently intend to retain
any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the
foreseeable future. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our Ordinary Shares if the market price of our Ordinary
Shares increases. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 

We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws.
The Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, adopted rules requiring every public company to include a management report on such company s internal controls over financial
reporting in its annual report, which contains management s assessment of the effectiveness of the company s internal controls
over financial reporting. Our management may conclude that our internal controls over our financial reporting are not effective. 
Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, our independent registered
public accounting firm may still decline to attest to our management s assessment or may issue a report that is qualified if it
is not satisfied with our internal controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it
interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. Our reporting obligations as a public company will place a significant strain
on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. 

Prior to our IPO, we were
a private company with limited accounting personnel and other resources with which to address our internal controls and procedures. We
plan to remedy our material weaknesses and other control deficiencies in time to meet the deadline imposed by Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we fail to timely achieve or maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may not be able to conclude that
we have effective internal controls over financial reporting. Moreover, effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary
for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent fraud. As a result, our failure to achieve and maintain
effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements, which in turn could harm our business and negatively impact the trading price of our Ordinary Shares. Furthermore, we anticipate
that we will incur considerable costs and devote significant management time and efforts and other resources to comply with Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports about our business, or if the publish a negative report regarding our Ordinary Shares, the price of our Ordinary
Shares and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our
Ordinary Shares may depend in part on the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business.
We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade us, the price of our Ordinary Shares
would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could
lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price of our Ordinary Shares and the trading volume to decline. 

25 

The market price of our Ordinary Shares
may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 

The market price of our Ordinary
Shares may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results; 

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 

actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 

lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and 

other events or factors, including those resulting from war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 

In addition, the stock markets
have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities
of many companies. Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of those companies. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If
we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management
from our business, and adversely affect our business. 

26 

If we were deemed an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated
and could have a material adverse effect on our business and the price of our Ordinary Shares. 

We do not believe that we
are an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). Generally, a person is
an investment company if it owns investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive
of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed
an investment company. However, if we were to be deemed an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations
on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated
and would have a material adverse effect on our business and the price of our Ordinary Shares. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control. 

Some provisions in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company or management
that shareholders may consider favorable, including, among other things, the following: 

provisions that permit our board of directors by resolution to amend certain provisions of the memorandum and articles of association, including to create and issue classes of shares with preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions as the board of directors determine in their discretion, without any further vote or action by our shareholders. If issued, the rights, preferences, designations, and limitations of any class of preferred shares would be set by the board of directors by way of amendments to relevant provisions of the memorandum and articles of association and could operate to the disadvantage of the outstanding ordinary shares the holders of which would not have any pre-emption rights in respect of such an issue of preferred shares. Such terms could include, among others, preferences as to dividends and distributions on liquidation, or could be used to prevent possible corporate takeovers; and 

provisions that restrict the ability of our shareholders holding in aggregate less than thirty percent (30 of the outstanding voting shares in the company to call meetings and to include matters for consideration at shareholder meetings. 

Because we are a BVI company, you may be
unable to bring an action against us or our officers and directors or to enforce any judgment you may obtain. 

We are incorporated in the
BVI and some of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you
to bring an action against us or against these individuals in the United States in the event that you believe we have violated your rights,
either under United States federal or state securities laws or otherwise, or if you have a claim against us. Even if you are successful
in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the BVI may not permit you to enforce a judgment against our assets outside of the United
States or the assets of our directors and officers. 

27 

Our board of directors may decline to register
transfers of ordinary shares in certain circumstances. 

Our board of directors may,
in its sole discretion, decline to register any transfer of any Ordinary Share issued in certificated form, which is not fully paid up
or on which we have a lien. Our directors may also decline to register any transfer of any share issued in certificated form in the
case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the share is to be transferred does not exceed four. A shareholder
wishing to transfer its Ordinary Shares is liable to pay to the Company a fee of such maximum sum as Nasdaq Capital Market may determine
to be payable, or such lesser sum as our board of directors may from time to time require in respect thereof. 

If our directors refuse to
register a transfer they shall, within one month after the date on which the instrument of transfer was lodged, send to each of the transferor
and the transferee notice of such refusal. The registration of transfers may, on 14 days notice being given by advertisement in
such one or more newspapers or by electronic means, be suspended and the register closed at such times and for such periods as our board
of directors may from time to time determine, provided, however, that the registration of transfers shall not be suspended nor the register
closed for more than 30 days in any year. 

Certain types of class or derivative actions
generally available under U.S. law may not be available as a result of the fact that we are incorporated in the BVI. As a result, the
rights of shareholders may be limited. 

Whilst statutory provisions
do exist in British Virgin Islands law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, these rights may be more limited
than the rights afforded to minority shareholders under the laws of states in the United States and shareholders of BVI companies may
not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a court of the United States. Furthermore, questions of interpretation
of our memorandum and articles of association will be questions of BVI law and determined by the BVI courts. In any event, the circumstances
in which any such action may be brought, if at all, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect to any such action,
may result in the rights of shareholders of a BVI company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the
United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred.
The BVI courts are also unlikely to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts in the United States based on certain liability
provisions of U.S. securities law or to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the BVI, based on certain liability
provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature. 

There is no statutory recognition
in the BVI of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the BVI will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign
judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would
be necessary provided that: 

(i) 
 the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; is final and for a liquidated sum; 

(ii) 
 the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; 

(iii) 
 in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court; 

(iv) 
 recognition or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the BVI; and 

(v) 
 the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice. 

In appropriate circumstances,
a BVI Court may give effect in the British Virgin Islands to other kinds of final foreign judgments such as declaratory orders, orders
for performance of contracts and injunctions. 

28 

You may have more difficulty protecting
your interests than you would as a shareholder of a U.S. corporation. 

Our corporate affairs are
governed by the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association, as amended and restated from time to time, the BVI Business
Companies Act, 2004 as amended from time to time (the BVI Act and the common law of the BVI. The rights of shareholders
and the statutory duties and fiduciary responsibilities of our directors and officers under BVI law may not be clearly established as
they would be under statutes or judicial precedents in some jurisdictions in the United States, and some states (such as Delaware) have
more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. 

These rights and responsibilities
are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the BVI Act and the common law of the BVI. The common
law of the BVI is derived in part from judicial precedent in the BVI as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not
binding, authority on a court in the BVI. In addition, BVI law does not make a distinction between public and private companies and some
of the protections and safeguards (such as statutory pre-emption rights, save to the extent expressly provided for in the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association) that investors may expect to find in relation to a public company are not provided for
under BVI law. 

There may be less publicly
available information about us than is regularly published by or about U.S. issuers. Also, the BVI regulations governing the securities
of BVI companies may not be as extensive as those in effect in the United States, and the BVI law and regulations regarding corporate
governance matters may not be as protective of minority shareholders as state corporation laws in the United States. Therefore, you may
have more difficulty protecting your interests in connection with actions taken by our directors and officers or our principal shareholders
than you would as a shareholder of a corporation incorporated in the United States. 

The laws of BVI provide limited protections
for minority shareholders, so minority shareholders will not have the same options as to recourse in comparison to the United States if
the shareholders are dissatisfied with the conduct of our affairs. 

Under the laws of the BVI
there is limited statutory protection of minority shareholders other than the provisions of the BVI Act dealing with shareholder remedies.
The principal protections under BVI statutory law are derivative actions, actions brought by one or more shareholders for relief from
unfair prejudice, oppression and unfair discrimination and/or to enforce the BVI Act or the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Shareholders are entitled to have the affairs of the company conducted in accordance with the BVI Act and the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, and are entitled to payment of the fair value of their respective shares upon dissenting
from certain enumerated corporate transactions. 

The common law of the BVI
is derived in part from judicial precedent in the BVI as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority
on a court in the BVI. There are common law rights for the protection of shareholders that may be invoked, largely dependent on English
company law, since the common law of the BVI is less extensive than that of England. Under the general rule pursuant to English company
law known as the rule in Foss v. Harbottle, a court will generally refuse to interfere with the management of a company at the insistence
of a minority of its shareholders who express dissatisfaction with the conduct of the company s affairs by the majority or the board
of directors. However, every shareholder is entitled to seek to have the affairs of the company conducted properly according to law and
the constitutional documents of the company. As such, if those who control the company have persistently disregarded the requirements
of company law or the provisions of the company s memorandum and articles of association, then the courts may grant relief. Generally,
the areas in which the courts will intervene are the following: (i) a company is acting or proposing to act illegally or beyond the
scope of its authority; (ii) the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could only be effected if duly
authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; (iii) the individual rights of the plaintiff shareholder
have been infringed or are about to be infringed; or (iv) those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

These rights may be more limited
than the rights afforded to minority shareholders under the laws of states in the United States. 

29 

There are no pre-emptive rights in favor
of holders of ordinary shares so you may not be able to participate in future equity offerings. 

There are no pre-emptive rights
applicable under the BVI Act or the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in favor of holders of ordinary shares
in respect of further issues of shares of any class. Consequently, you will not be entitled under applicable law to participate in any
such future offerings of further ordinary shares or any preferred or other classes of shares. 

If we are classified as a passive foreign
investment company, United States taxpayers who own our Ordinary Shares may have adverse United States federal income tax consequences. 

A non-U.S. corporation such
as ourselves will be classified as a passive foreign investment company, which is known as a PFIC, for any taxable year if, for such year,
either 

At least 75 of our gross income for the year is passive income; or 

The average percentage of our assets (determined at the end of each quarter) during the taxable year which produce passive income or which are held for the production of passive income is at least 50 . 

Passive income generally includes
dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business), and gains
from the disposition of passive assets. 

If we are determined to be
a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. taxpayer who holds our ordinary shares,
the U.S. taxpayer may be subject to increased U.S. federal income tax liability and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. 

Depending on the amount of
assets held for the production of passive income, it is possible that, for our 2024 taxable year or for any subsequent year, more than
50 of our assets may be assets which produce passive income. We will make this determination following the end of any particular tax
year. For purposes of the PFIC analysis, in general, according to Internal Revenue Code Section 1297(c), a non-U.S. corporation is
deemed to own its pro rata share of the gross income and assets of any entity in which it is considered to own at least 25 of the stock
by value. 

Volatility in the market price of our
ordinary shares could lead to losses by investors. 

The market price of our ordinary
shares has experienced volatility in the past and may experience volatility in the future which could lead to losses for investors. Factors
impacting volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares include, amongst others: 

general market and economic conditions; 

our results of operations; 

issuance of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

developments impacting the industry or our competitors; 

declines in the market prices of stocks generally; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new products, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures, other strategic relationships or capital commitments; 

the public s reaction to press releases, other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 

guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or failure to meet this guidance; 

30 

changes in the credit rating of our debt; 

sale, or anticipated sale, of large blocks of our stock; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

regulatory or political developments; 

our performance on ESG matters 

litigation and governmental investigations; 

changing economic conditions; 

exchange rate fluctuations; 

changes in accounting principles; and 

other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism or responses to those events. 

In addition, stock markets
have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
Future fluctuations in stock markets may lead to volatility in the market price of our ordinary shares which could lead to losses by investors. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 

Our company recognizes the critical importance
of cybersecurity in our digital operations and has established a risk management program to address both internal and external cybersecurity
threats. Despite our comprehensive efforts and critical resource allocation, we acknowledge the challenges posed by the evolving nature
of cyber threats and the limitations in fully mitigating these risks. We have not observed any significant impacts from known cybersecurity
threats or previous incidents on our operational, strategic, or financial aspects. Nevertheless, given the unpredictable nature of cyber
threats, we cannot assure complete immunity against potential future impacts. 

The likelihood of cybersecurity incidents is influenced
by frequency risk factors. External factors include market trends in cybercrime, technological advancements in hacking methods, and geopolitical
developments. Internal factors are shaped by our policies, the effectiveness of employee training, and robustness of system updates and
maintenance procedures. External cybersecurity incidents events may include and are not limited to service disruptions due to email borne
threat activities, ransomware, or denial of service attacks against us or our suppliers, while internal events may comprise of internal
threats, subcontractors, or governance failures among other events. 

Cybersecurity incident response plans are regularly
updated to include structured processes encompassing identification, containment, eradication, recovery, and post-incident review. Continuous
monitoring of systems and networks allows for the detection and response to potential cybersecurity threats. Response capabilities are
regularly reviewed to align with the evolving cyber threat landscape and processes are fully integrated into our broader risk management
system. 

Criteria used to determine the materiality of
an incident includes, but is not limited to, evaluating the scope, nature, type, systems, data, operational impact, and pervasiveness
of the incident. This approach involves continuous oversight and improvement based on evolving cyber threats. Materiality also considers
both quantitative and qualitative factors in determining impact. 

Third-party engagement processes include risk
evaluation across various domains such as cybersecurity, data privacy, supply chain, and regulatory compliance. We are committed to transparently
disclosing material and unauthorized cybersecurity incidents involving third-party service providers, considering factors like operational
technology system damages, information breaches, and interconnected attacks exploiting vulnerabilities. 

Cybersecurity Governance 

Our Board of Directors plays a pivotal role in
overseeing the organization's preparedness for cyber threats. This involves a comprehensive understanding of our risk profile, ensuring
appropriate cybersecurity controls are in place, regularly reviewing the effectiveness of these measures, and maintaining a robust incident
response plan. The Board's involvement extends beyond compliance and budget approvals to active participation in continuous cybersecurity
strategy improvement. 

31 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive office
and production facility is located in Lake Forest, California, USA, where we lease approximately 7,237 square feet of office space from
a related party. The term of the lease is from June 1, 2022 to May 31, 2027, with monthly rental expenses of 20,000. On March 1, 2024,
the Company modified the office lease arrangement, pursuant to which the remaining lease term was modified from 38 months to 24 months
which will expire on February 28, 2026, and the office space is reduced from 7,237 square feet to 1,555 square feet. The monthly rental
expense was reduced to 3,000. 

In
addition, we also lease an office space in Irvine, California, for approximately 4,182 square feet of office space for a term of three
years from March 1, 2021 to February 29, 2024, and with monthly rental expenses of 20,073. As of August 25, 2022, we have subleased
this office space to an unrelated third party company from August 25, 2022 to March 1, 2024. Our total rent expense was approximately
 0.2 million and 0.5 million for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company did not extend the lease term
upon maturity. 

We believe that our current
leased property is in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may
become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject
to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except
for the litigation disclosed below, we are not currently a party to any legal or arbitration proceeding the outcome of which, if determined
adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, cash flows, or financial condition. 

Legal Proceeding
with Boustead Securities, LLC Boustead 

On May 14, 2020, Boustead
filed a lawsuit against the Company and LGC for breaching the underwriting agreement Boustead had with each of the Company and LGC, in
which Boustead was separately engaged as the exclusive financial advisor to provide financial advisory services to the Company and LGC. 

In April 2020, the Company
acquired 51.2 equity interest in LGC after LGC terminated its efforts to launch an IPO on its own. Boustead alleged that the acquisition
transaction between the Company and LGC was entered into during the tail period of the exclusive agreement between Boustead and the Company,
and therefore deprived Boustead of compensation that Boustead would otherwise have been entitled to receive under its exclusive agreement
with the Company and LGC. Therefore, Boustead is attempting to recover from the Company an amount equal to a percentage of the value of
the transaction it conducted with LGC. 

Boustead s Complaint
alleges four causes of action against the Company, including breach of contract; breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair
dealing; tortious interference with business relationships and quantum meruit. 

On October 6, 2020, ATIF filed
a motion to dismiss Boustead s Complaint pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) and 12(b)(5). On October 9, 2020,
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York directed Boustead to respond to the motion or amend its Complaint
by November 10, 2020. Boustead opted to amend its complaint and filed the amended complaint on November 10, 2020. Boustead s
amended complaint asserts the same four causes of action against ATIF and LGC as its original complaint. The Company filed another motion
to dismiss Boustead s amended complaint on December 8, 2020. 

On August 25, 2021, the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted ATIF s motion to dismiss Boustead s first amended complaint.
In its order and opinion, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York allowed Boustead to move for leave to
amend its causes of action against ATIF as to breach of contract and tortious interference with business relationships, but not breach
of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing and quantum meruit. On November 4, 2021, Boustead filed a motion seeking leave
to file a second amended complaint to amend its cause of action for Breach of Contract. The Court granted Boustead s motion for
leave and Boustead filed the second amended complaint on December 28, 2021 alleging only breach of contract and dropping all other causes
of action alleged in the original complaint. On January 18, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss Boustead s second amended
complaint. Boustead filed its opposition on February 1, 2022 and the Company replied on February 8, 2022. 

On July 6, 2022, the Court
denied our motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. Thereafter, on August 3, 2022, the Company filed a motion to compel arbitration
of Boustead s claims in California. Briefing on the Company s motion to compel concluded on August 23, 2022. Since the agreement
between ATIF and Boustead contains a valid arbitration clause that applies to Boustead s breach of contract claim, and the parties
have not engaged in discovery, on February 14, 2023, the Court ordered that ATIF s motion to compel arbitration is granted and this
case is stayed pending arbitration. 

32 

On March 10, 2023, Boustead,
filed Demand for Arbitration against ATIF (the Respondent) before JAMS in California and the assigned JAMS case Ref. No. is 5220002783.
On May 25, 2023, ATIF filed its answer to deny Boustead s Demand for Arbitration, which was unsuccessful and the arbitration process
was initiated. The arbitrator ordered a motion to be filed by Boustead for a determination of contact interpretation, prior to extensive
discovery into issues such as the alleged merits and damages, and to determine whether the contract interpretation should allow the matter
to further proceed. Boustead had filed the Motion for Contract Interpretation Determination. ATIF filed its opposition to that Motion
on October 16, 2023. The hearing on the motion was held on November 8, 2023, during which the arbitrator extended the hearing to February
29, 2024. The arbitrator also established December 15, 2023, as the deadline for Boustead to submit its reply regarding the contract interpretation
issues raised by the Company. Simultaneously, the Company was granted until February 12, 2024, to present its response brief. 

On September 24, 2024, the Company and Boustead entered into a settlement
agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall pay a total amount of 1,000,000 to Boustead. The payment is made in three instalments,
the first instalment of 250,000 is payable upon execution of the settlement agreement, the second instalment of 500,000 is payable before
March 1, 2025, and the final instalment of 250,000 is payable before December 31, 2025. 

Pending Legal Proceeding
with J.P Morgan Securities LLC JPMS 

On December 22, 2023, J.P
Morgan Securities LLC JPMS filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California, County of Orange, bearing Case Number
30-2023-01369978-CU-FR-CJC against ATIF Holdings Limited Holdings ), ATIF Inc., ATIF-1 GP, LLC (ATIF-1 GP ), and two
officers of Holdings and ATIF Inc., Jun Liu and Zhiliang Ian Zhou, alleging and asserting that it is entitled to recover
 5,064,160 in damages plus interest and attorneys fees relating to a stock transaction by ATIF-1 GP. 

The parties have agreed to
attempt to mediate the dispute before proceeding to litigation. A mediation was held on May 6, 2024, but the parties could not come
to a resolution. The Defendants time to respond to the lawsuit was May 20, 2024. On May 15, 2024, the Defendants filed a Petition
with the Superior Court of California seeking to compel arbitration under the operative agreements and stay the underlying State Court
action. On or about August 16, 2024, the parties agreed that JPMS and ATIF-1 GP, LLC would submit any disputes between the two of them
only, to FINRA arbitration, and stay the California state court case pending such arbitration. At this time, the management is still in
the process of evaluating the claims and defenses. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

33 

PART II 

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market for Ordinary shares 

Our
Ordinary Shares have been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market since May 3, 2019, under the symbol ATIF. 

Holders of Record of Ordinary Shares 

As of November 12, 2024, we had approximately 34 shareholders of record
for our ordinary shares. The foregoing number of shareholders of record does not include an unknown number of shareholders who hold their
shares in street name. 

Dividend Policy 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation
and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, you may only
receive a return on your investment in our Ordinary Shares if the market price of our Ordinary Shares increases. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

Neither
we nor any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act, purchased any of our equity
securities during the period covered by this annual report. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans. 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In
the three years preceding the filing of this registration statement, we issued the securities described below without registration under
the Securities Act. Unless otherwise indicated below, the securities were issued pursuant to the private placement exemption provided
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

On April 16, 2024, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the April 16 Purchase Agreement with a non- U.S investor named in the Purchase Agreement
(the Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell an aggregate of 1,092,512 newly issued ordinary shares of
the Company, 0.001 par value per ordinary share (the Ordinary Shares at a purchase price of 1.23 per share (the April
16 Private Placement ). In connection with the Private Placement, the Company received gross proceeds in the amount of 1,343,789.76. 

On
April 18, 2024, the Company entered into two securities purchase agreements (the April 18 Purchase Agreements in a
private placement (the April 18 Private Placement of the Company s 813,010 newly issued ordinary shares, par
value 0.001 per ordinary share, with one (1) U.S. accredited investor, as defined under Rule 501 of Regulation D, and one (1)
non-U.S. investor (individually, an Investor and collectively, the Investors ), at the purchase price of
 1.23 per ordinary share. The Company received gross proceeds in the amount of 1,000,002.38 in connection with the Private
Placement. 

Each of the April 18 Purchase Agreements and April
16 Purchase Agreement contained customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties for offerings of similar sizes. The
Company agreed that within a reasonable time after the Closing, the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other
appropriate form if the Company is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale by the Investors of the purchased ordinary shares.
We are filing the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part to satisfy this obligation. 

On April 29, 2024, the Company entered into a
deferred salary conversion agreement Deferred Salary Conversion Agreement with Mr. Jun Liu, the president, chief
executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of the Company. 

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed
to issue and Mr. Liu agreed to accept 384,478 ordinary shares Deferred Salary Debt Shares ), 0.001 par value in
lieu of an unpaid salary of 349,875 owed to Mr. Liu at a per share price of 0.91 which was the Nasdaq consolidated closing bid price
per share of the Company s ordinary shares on April 29, 2024. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

34 

ITEM 7. - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The discussion should
be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some
of the statements contained in the following discussion of the Company s financial condition and results of operations refer to
future expectations or include other forward-looking information. Those statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, including, but not limited
to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this report under the heading Risk Factors, which are incorporated herein by reference.
See Special Note regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in this Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of factors to
be considered when evaluating forward-looking information detailed below. These factors could cause our actual results to differ materially
from the forward-looking statements. 

Business Overview 

We offer financial consulting
services to small and medium-sized enterprise customers in Asia and North America. Our goal is to become an international financial consulting
company with clients and offices throughout Asia. Since our inception in 2015, the focus of our consulting business has been providing
comprehensive going public consulting services designed to help SMEs become public companies on suitable markets and exchanges. 

On January 4, 2021, we established
an office in California, USA, through our wholly owned subsidiary ATIF Inc., a California corporation, and launched, in addition to our
business consulting services, additional service models consisting of asset management, investment holding and media services to expand
our business with a flexible business concept to achieve a goal of high growth revenue and strong profit growth. 

Our financial consulting services 

Currently we provide consulting
services to the companies based in North America seeking listing in U.S.. We launched our consulting services in 2015. Our aim was to
assist Chinese enterprises by filling the gaps and forming a bridge between PRC companies and overseas stock markets and exchanges. We
have a team of qualified and experienced personnel with legal, regulatory, and language expertise in several jurisdictions outside the
U.S. Our services were designed to help small and medium-sized enterprises SME in China achieve their goal of becoming
public companies. In May 2022, we shifted our geographic focus from China to North America emphasizing on helping mid and small companies
in North America become public companies on the U.S. capital markets. We would create a going public strategy for each client based on
many factors of such client, including our assessment of the client s financial and operational situations, market conditions, and
the client s business and financing requirements. Since our inception and up to the date of this report, we have successfully helped
nine Chinese enterprises to be quoted on the U.S. OTC markets and are currently assisting our other clients in their respective going
public efforts. Most of our current and past clients have been Chinese, U.S. and Mexican companies, and we plan to expand our operations
to other Asian countries, such as Malaysia, Vietnam, and Singapore with continuing focus on the North American market in the coming years. 

For the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2024 and 2023, we provided consulting services to eight and three customers, respectively, which primarily engaged the Company
to provide consulting services relating to going public in the US through IPO, reverse merger and acquisition. We focus on providing consulting
services to customers based in North America and other areas and intend to continue cooperating with Huaya in connection with the expansion
and provision of our business services in China. From April 2022 through the date of this report, the Company entered into consulting
agreements with nine customers, among which three are based in the North America. 

Our total revenue generated
from consulting services amounted to approximately 0.6 million and 2.5 million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

35 

Key Factors that Affect our Business 

We believe the following key
factors may affect our consulting services: 

Our business success depends on our ability to acquire customers
effectively. 

Our customer acquisition channels
primarily include our sales and marketing campaigns and existing customer referrals. In order to acquire customers, we have made significant
efforts in building mutually beneficial long-term relationships with local government, academic institutions, and local business associations.
In addition, we also market our consulting services through social media, such as WeChat and Weibo. If any of our current customer acquisition
channels becomes less effective, we are unable to continue to use any of these channels or we are not successful in using new channels,
we may not be able to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner or convert potential customers into active customers or even lose
our existing customers to our competitors. To the extent that our current customer acquisition and retention efforts become less effective,
our service revenue may be significantly impacted, which would have a significant adverse effect on our revenues, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Our consulting business faces strong market competition. 

We are currently facing intense
market competition. Some of our current or potential competitors have significantly more financial, technical, marketing, and other resources
than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and support of their customer acquisition and retention
channels. In light of the low barriers to entry into the financial consulting industry, we expect more players to enter this market and
increase the level of competition. Our ability to differentiate our services from other competitors will have a significant impact on
our business growth in the future. 

Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain key
personnel. 

We rely heavily on the expertise
and leadership of our directors and officers to maintain our core competence. Under their leadership, we have been able to achieve rapid
expansion and significant growth since our inception in 2015. As our business scope increases, we expect to continue to invest significant
resources in hiring and retaining a deep talent pool of financial consultancy professionals. Our ability to sustain our growth will depend
on our ability to attract qualified personnel and retain our current staff. 

36 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes
the results of our operations for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and provides information regarding the
dollar and percentage increase or (decrease) during such periods. 

For the years ended 
 Changes 

July 31, 2024 
 July 31, 2023 
 Amount Increase (Decrease) 
 Percentage Increase (Decrease) 

Revenues third parties 
 420,000 
 1,150,000 
 (730,000 
 (63 
 
 Revenues a related party 
 200,000 
 1,300,000 
 (1,100,000 
 (85 
 
 Revenues 
 620,000 
 2,450,000 
 (1,830,000 
 (75 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 
 333,500 
 207,238 
 126,262 
 61 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 2,265,612 
 2,241,626 
 23,986 
 1 
 
 (Reversal of provision) provision against accounts receivable due from a related party 
 (19,103 
 762,000 
 (781,103 
 (103 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,580,009 
 3,210,864 
 (630,855 
 (20 

Loss from operations 
 (1,960,009 
 (760,864 
 1,199,145 
 158 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income, net 
 26 
 1,874 
 (1,848 
 (99 
 
 Other (expenses) income, net 
 (846,871 
 314,518 
 (1,161,389 
 (369 
 
 Provision against due from buyers of LGC 
 - 
 (2,654,767 
 (2,654,767 
 (100 
 
 (Loss) gain from investment in trading securities 
 (381,370 
 192,102 
 (573,472 
 (299 
 
 Gain from disposal of subsidiaries and VIE 
 - 
 56,038 
 (56,038 
 (100 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (1,228,215 
 (2,090,235 
 (862,020 
 (41 

Loss before income taxes 
 (3,188,224 
 (2,851,099 
 337,125 
 12 

Income tax provision 
 (3,300 
 (31,200 
 (27,900 
 (89 
 
 Net loss 
 (3,191,524 
 (2,882,299 
 309,225 
 11 

Revenues. Our
total revenue decreased by approximately 1.8 million, or 75 , from approximately 2.5 million in fiscal year 2023, to approximately 0.6
million in fiscal year 2024, primarily attributable to a decrease of approximately 0.7 million and 1.1 million, respectively, from consulting
services to third parties and related parties. 

The decrease in revenues from
third parties was primarily because we provided listing related consulting services for seven customers and earned consulting service
fees of approximately 0.4 million for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, while we provided phase completed phase I and phase II services
for two customers and earned consulting service fees of approximately 1.2 million for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. The phase
I and phase II service fees are higher than listing related consulting services, because the phase I and phase II services take longer
time. 

The decrease in revenues from
related parties was primarily because we provided consulting services to less customers on behalf of related parties. For the fiscal year
ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we provided consulting services to one and two customers on behalf of a related party, respectively. 

37 

Selling expenses. Selling
expenses increased by approximately 0.1 million, or 61 , from approximately 0.2 million in year ended July 31, 2023 to approximately
 0.3 million in the same period ended July 31, 2024. Our selling expenses primarily consisted of promotion and advertising expenses. The
increase in our selling expenses was primarily due to an increase of amortization expenses of approximately 0.1 million for TV promotion
videos. 

As a percentage of sales,
our selling expenses were 54 and 8 of our total revenues for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

General and administrative
expenses. Our general and administrative expenses kept stable at 2.3 million and 2.2 million For the fiscal years ended July
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our general and administrative expenses primarily consisted of salary and welfare expenses of management
and administrative team, professional expenses, office expenses, operating lease expenses. The increase in general and administrative
expenses was primarily due to an increase of legal expenses of approximately 0.5 million for legal proceedings with both Boustead Securities,
LLC and J.P Morgan Securities LLC, partially offset by a decrease of approximately 0.2 million in rental expenses because we modified
an office lease agreement, a decrease of approximately 0.1 million in payroll expenses because we adjusted monthly payroll expenses to
Mr. Jun Liu from 20,000 to 1 since February 2024, and a decrease of approximately 0.1 million in office expenses. 

As a percentage of sales,
our general and administrative expenses were 365 and 91 of our total revenues for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

(Reversal of provision)
provision against accounts receivable due from a related party. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, we provided full provision
of 762,000 against the accounts receivable due from Huaya as the management assessed it is remote to collect the outstanding balance.
For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, we reversed provision of 19,103 because Huaya paid salary expenses of 19,103 on our behalf. 

Provision against due
from buyers of LGC. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, we provided full provision of 2,654,767 against the balances due
from buyers of LGC as the management assessed it is remote to collect the outstanding balance. The balance due from buyers of LGC arose
from our disposition of 51.2 of the equity interest of LGC in January 2021. We did not incur such expenses for the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2024. 

Loss (gain) from investment
in trading securities. Loss (gains) from investment in trading securities represented fair value changes from investment in trading
securities, which was measured at market price. For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an investment loss of approximately
 0.4 million and an investment gain of approximately 0.2 million, respectively. 

Income taxes. 
We are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, we are not subject to tax on
income or capital gains in the British Virgin Islands. Additionally, upon payments of dividends to the shareholders, no British Virgin
Islands withholding tax will be imposed. 

ATIF Inc, ATIF BD, ATIF BC
and ATIF BM were established in the U.S and are subject to federal and state income taxes on its business operations. The federal tax
rate is 21 and state tax rate is 8.84 . We also evaluated the impact from the recent tax reforms in the United States, including the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and Health and Economic Recovery Omnibus Emergency Solutions
Act HERO Act ), which were both passed in 2020, No material impact on the ATIF US is expected based on our analysis. We
will continue to monitor the potential impact going forward. 

Income
tax expense was 3,300 for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024, because three of our US subsidiaries are subject to state taxes during
the year of 2024. Income tax expense was 31,200 for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023, because our USA subsidiaries were making taxable income
during the year of 2023. 

Net loss. As
a result of foregoing, net loss was approximately 3.2 million for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, an increase of 0.3 million from
net loss of 2.9 million in fiscal year 2023. 

38 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

To date, we have financed
our operations primarily through cash flows from operations, working capital loans from our major shareholders, proceeds from our initial
public offering, and equity financing through public offerings of our securities. We plan to support our future operations primarily from
cash generated from our operations and cash on hand. However, the Company may need to raise the cash flow from related parties, and there
is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

Liquidity and Going concern 

For the years ended July 31,
2024 and 2023, the Company reported a net loss of approximately 3.2 million and 2.9 million, respectively, and operating cash outflows
approximately 0.1 million and 2.3 million. In assessing the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, the Company monitors
and analyzes its cash and its ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future to support its operating and capital expenditure
commitments. Because of losses from operations, cash out from operating activities, and the requirement of additional capital to fund
our current operating plan at July 31, 2024, these factors indicate the existence of an uncertainty that raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company
had cash of 1.2 million, short-term investment in trading securities of 0.4 million, due from a related party of 0.9 million and accounts
receivables of 0.2 million due from a related party, which were highly liquid. On the other hand, the Company had current liabilities
of 1.0 million. The Company s cash on hand could well cover the current liabilities. The Company s ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent on management s ability to successfully execute its business plan, which includes increasing revenue
while controlling operating cost and expenses to generate positive operating cash flows and obtain financing from outside sources. 

The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described
above. 

We have not declared nor paid
any cash dividends to our shareholders. We do not plan to pay any dividends out of our restricted net assets as of July 31, 2024. 

The following table sets forth summary of our cash
flows for the years indicated: 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (120,483 
 (2,333,899 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (1,579,955 
 459,816 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,343,792 
 729,968 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 643,354 
 (1,144,115 
 
 Cash, beginning of year 
 606,022 
 1,750,137 
 
 Cash, end of year 
 1,249,376 
 606,022 

39 

Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 0.1 million in fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. Net cash used in operating
activities was primarily comprised of net loss of approximately 3.2 million, adjusted for loss of approximately 0.4 million from
investment in trading securities, and net changes in our operating assets
and liabilities, principally comprising of (i) a decrease of accounts receivable of approximately 0.7 million due
from third parties and 0.4 million due from a related party, respectively. The decrease was because we collected outstanding
balance due from customers, (ii) a decrease of prepaid expenses and other current assets of approximately 0.3 million, which was
due to amortization of advertising service fees, and (iii) an increase of accrued expenses and other current liabilities of
approximately 1.3 million. 

Net cash used in operating
activities was approximately 2.3 million in fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. Net cash used in operating activities was primarily
comprised of net loss of approximately 2.9 million, adjusted for provision of approximately 2.7 million against due from buyers of LGC,
and provision of approximately 0.8 million against accounts receivable due from a related party, and net changes in our operating assets
and liabilities, principally comprising of (i) an increase of accounts receivable of approximately 0.7 million due from third parties
and approximately 0.6 million due from a related party, respectively. The increase was in line with increase of revenues, and (ii) a
decrease of accrued expenses and other current liabilities of approximately 2.0 million as the Company was no longer liable to an investment
bank for loss making since disposal of ATIF GP. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately 1.6 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily consisting of loans of approximately 0.9 million made to a related
party and investment of approximately 0.7 million in trading securities. 

Net cash provided by investing
activities was approximately 0.4 million in fiscal year 2023, primarily consisting of proceeds of approximately 0.3 million from disposal
of investments in two equity securities, redemption of 94,799 from short-term investments, proceeds of 72,000 from disposal of property
and equipment, and collection of loans of 59,000 from a related party, partially offset against loans of approximately 0.1 million made
to a related party. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 2.3 million in fiscal year 2024, which was provided by proceeds of approximately 2.3 million from issuance
of ordinary shares pursuant to a private placement 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 0.7 million in fiscal year 2023, which was provided by borrowings of approximately 0.7 million from a related
party. 

40 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimate 

We prepare our audited consolidated
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires our management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates, as well as the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. As a result, management is required to routinely make judgments and estimates about
the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different conditions or assumptions. 

Critical accounting policy
is both material to the presentation of financial statements and requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments
that could have a material effect on financial condition or results of operations. Accounting estimates and assumptions may become critical
when they are material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility
of such matters to change, and that have a material impact on financial condition or operating performance. 

Critical accounting estimates
are estimates that require us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate were made
and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably
likely occur from period to period, have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition
or results of operations. Due to the level of activity and lack of complex transactions, we believe there are currently no critical accounting
policies and estimates that affect the preparation of our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The
financial statements required by this item begin on page F-1 with the index to financial statements followed by the financial statements. 

41 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we carried
out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, which is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the
Exchange Act, as of July 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of July 31, 2024, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
and furnish under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our conclusion is based on the fact that we do not have sufficient full-time
accounting and financial reporting personnel with appropriate levels of accounting knowledge and experience to monitor the daily recording
of transactions, to address complex U.S. GAAP accounting issues and the related disclosures under U.S. GAAP. In addition, there was a
lack of sufficient documented financial closing procedure and a lack of risk assessment in accordance with COSCO 2013 framework. Our management
is currently in the process of evaluating the steps necessary to remediate the ineffectiveness, such as (i) hiring more qualified
accounting personnel with relevant U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the financial reporting function
and to set up a financial and system control framework, and (ii) implementing regular and continuous U.S. GAAP accounting and financial
reporting training programs for our accounting and financial reporting personnel, and (iii) establishing an internal audit function and
standardizing the Company s semi-annual and year-end closing and financial reporting processes. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. In assessing our internal control over financial reporting, prior
to the offering in April 2019, we have been a private company with limited accounting personnel and other resources to address our
internal controls and procedures. Our independent registered public accounting firm, has not conducted an audit of our internal control
over financial reporting. However, in connection with the audits of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended July 31,
2024, we identified four material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

We did not have sufficient personnel with appropriate levels of accounting knowledge and experience to address complex U.S. GAAP accounting issues and to prepare and review financial statements and related disclosures under U.S. GAAP. Specifically, our control did not operate effectively to ensure the appropriate and timely analysis of and accounting for unusual and non-routine transactions and certain financial statement accounts; 

We have not established an internal control department and had a lack of adequate policies and procedures in internal audit function to ensure that our policies and procedures have been carried out as planned; 

We have not established sufficient risk assessment in accordance with the requirement of COSCO 2013 Framework; and 

We did not have sufficient documentations and
descriptions on journal entries; 

42 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal
control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have hired additional accounting staffs and are in the progress of
improving our system security environment and conducting regular backup plan and penetration testing to ensure the network and information
security. In addition, we plan to address the weaknesses identified above by implementing the following measures: 

Furthermore,
we are in the process of implementing a number of measures to address the first to third material weakness that has been identified, including: 

1) 
 hiring more qualified accounting personnel with relevant U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the financial reporting function and to set up a financial and system control framework; and 

2) 
 implementing regular and continuous U.S. GAAP accounting and financial reporting training programs for our accounting and financial reporting personnel. 

Especially
for the identified material weakness related to internal control, we will hire experts to improve and test our internal control and the
set up a series of standard and recurring internal audit work procedures before July 2025. We schedule to will perform self-assessment
of internal control effectiveness on a continuous basis, which will be led by our accounting and risk management department within year
2025. We will also hire more competent personnel and involve professional service companies to help us implement SOX 404 compliance together
with the establishment of our internal audit function. 

However,
we cannot assure you that we will remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

This
annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as such report is not required due to the Company s status as
a smaller reporting company. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Except
as disclosed above, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during fiscal year ended
July 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION
THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

43 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors, Executive Officers and Significant Employees 

The
following table and text set forth the names and ages of our current directors, executive officers and significant employees as of the
date of this annual report. Our Board of Directors is comprised
of five (5) members. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) 
 
 Jun Liu 
 48 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 Yue Ming 
 37 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Kwong Sang Liu 
 63 
 Independent Director 
 
 Yongyuan Chen 
 62 
 Independent Director 
 
 Lei Yang 
 44 
 Independent Director 

Business Experience 

Mr. Jun Liu has been
our director since June 2019, our President and Chairman since July 2020 and our Chief Executive Officer since August 2021,
also having previously served as our Chief Executive Officer from June 2019 to July 2020. Since November 2015, Mr. Liu has served
as the President and Director of Asian Equity Exchange Group Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of a U.S. public company Asia Equity Exchange
Group, Inc. AEEX ), a corporation that develops and manufactures software solutions for equity market. Mr. Liu
served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and CEO of AEEX from July 2015 to September 2017. From December
2000 to December 2001, he served as the head of marketing for the South China Branch of Alibaba. Mr. Liu received his Ph.D. in International
Finance from Camden University U.S.A. in 2015 and his bachelor s degree in Applied Physics from the Harbin Institute of Technology
in 1998. Mr. Liu has over 20 years of enterprise management experience and served in management positions at Fortune 500 companies. Mr.
Liu is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his management experience and prior executive experience serving in
public and private companies. 

Ms. Yue Ming has been
our Chief Financial Officer CFO and director since August 2021. She has served as our accountant since August 1, 2018.
Prior to joining the Company, she was employed by Asia Equity Exchange Group, Inc. and acted as financial manager from December 1, 2014
to July 31, 2018. Ms. Ming started her accounting career at Shenzhen Huitian Accounting Firm on July 1, 2009 after she graduated from
Central China Normal University where she majored in international trade. Ms. Ming has more than 10 years of corporate finance and accounting
experience. Based on the above and Ms. Ming s experience in finance and accounting, we believe that Ms. Ming is well qualified to
serve on our board of directors. 

Mr. Kwong Sang Liu has
served as our independent director since April 2019. Since May 1997, Mr. Liu has managed K.S. Liu Company, CPA
Limited, a company he founded. He is currently a non-executive director in a number of Hong Kong Stock Exchange listed companies. Mr. Liu
graduated with honors from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University with a bachelor s degree in Accountancy in 1997 and obtained a Master
of Business Administration degree from the University of Lincoln, England in 2002. He is a chartered tax advisor of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants in England and Wales, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, the Institute of Financial Accountants of the United
Kingdom, the Institute of Public Accountants of Australia, the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Hong Kong, the Taxation Institute
of Hong Kong, and the Society of Registered Financial Planners. Mr. Liu has been a practicing accountant in Hong Kong for over 20 years
specializing in audit, taxation and corporate financial advisory. Based on the above qualifications and Mr. Liu s experience in
finance and accountancy, the Company believes Mr. Liu is qualified to be on the Board. 

Mr. Yongyuan Chen has
served as our independent director since April 2019. He is currently the director of China Commercial Law Co. Australia Pty Limited
specializing in foreign investment, merger, and acquisition and intellectual property laws. He received a bachelor s degree in international
law from Jilin University of China in 1986, a Master s degree in international economic law from Renmin University of China in 1988,
and a Doctor s degree in law from the University of Sydney in 2002. He formerly served as legal counsel of the Ministry of Foreign
Economic Relations and Trade, China National Technology Import and Export Corporation, and chief of the Policy and Regulation Division
of Shenzhen Science and Technology Bureau. From April 2011, Mr. Chen has worked as senior partner at Guangdong Huashang Law
Firm, Sydney Branch. Mr. Chen has been a practicing lawyer in China and Australia for over 20 years. The Board believes that Mr. Chen s
extensive experience and legal background qualifies him to serve on the Board. 

44 

Ms. Lei
Yang has served as our independent director since August 2021. She received her first master s degree in Information Management
from Nanjing University in 2004, and her second master s degree in Accounting from Bentley University in 2010. Ms. Yang is certified
by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ms. Yang has 17 years working experience in several Fortune 500 companies,
engaged in business analysis, internal audit, and financial management, etc. She received her first master s degree in Information
Management from Nanjing University in 2004, and her second master s degree in Accounting from Bentley University in 2010. Ms. Yang
is an American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Certified and an economist. Based on the above qualifications and Ms. Yang s
experience in management, the Board believes Ms. Yang is well qualified to serve on the Board. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers were involved in any of the following:
(1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending
or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent
jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Family Relationships and Arrangements 

None
of the directors or executive officers have a family relationship as defined in Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for
Employees, Executive Officers, and Directors 

We
adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the Code of Conduct on December 11, 2018, which is applicable to all of
our employees, executive officers and directors. The Code of Conduct is available at the Investors Relations section of our website at
https://ir.atifchina.com/. Information contained on or accessible through this website is not a part of this Annual Report, and the inclusion
of such website address in this Annual Report is an inactive textual reference only. Any amendments to the Code of Conduct, or any waivers
of its requirements, are expected to be disclosed on its website to the extent required by applicable rules and exchange requirements. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires our executive officers and directors
and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial
ownership, reports of changes in ownership and Annual Reports concerning their ownership, of Ordinary shares and other of our equity securities
on Forms 3, 4, and 5, respectively. To our knowledge, based solely on review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written
representations that no other reports were required, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to officers, directors and greater
than ten percent shareholders were complied with during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 

Board Practices 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated articles of association, the minimum number of directors shall consist of not less than one person unless
otherwise determined by resolution of directors or resolution or shareholders and by filing an amended version of the articles of association
at the BVI Registry of Corporate affairs approving such change. Unless removed or re-appointed, each director shall be appointed for a
term fixed by the resolution of members or resolution of directors appointing the director. 

45 

Controlled Company 

Mr.
Jun Liu beneficially owns approximately 47.4 of the aggregate voting power of our outstanding ordinary shares. As a result, we are deemed
a controlled company for the purpose of the Nasdaq listing rules and are permitted to elect to rely on certain exemptions
from the obligations to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: 

the requirement that our director nominees be selected or recommended solely by independent directors; and 

the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee and a compensation committee that are composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the purposes and responsibilities of the committees. 

Although
we do not intend to rely on the controlled company exemptions under the Nasdaq listing rules even though we are deemed a controlled
company, we could elect to rely on these exemptions in the future, and if so, you would not have the same protection afforded to shareholders
of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 

Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors consist of five directors as of the date of this annual report. Our board of directors is responsible for establishing
broad corporate policies and for overseeing our overall performance. Our board of directors reviews significant developments affecting
us and acts on other matters requiring its approval. 

Duties of Directors 

Under
British Virgin Islands law, our directors owe fiduciary duties both at common law and under statute, including a statutory duty to act
honestly, in good faith and with a view to our best interests. When exercising powers or performing duties as a director, our directors
also have a duty to exercise the care, diligence and skills that a reasonable director would exercise in comparable circumstances, taking
into account without limitation the nature of the company, the nature of the decision and the position of the director and the nature
of the responsibilities undertaken by him. In exercising the powers of a director, the directors must exercise their powers for a proper
purpose and shall not act or agree to the company acting in a manner that contravenes our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association or the BVI Act. In fulfilling their duty of care to us, our directors must ensure compliance with our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. We have the right to seek damages if a duty owed by our directors is breached. 

The functions and powers of
our board of directors include, among others: 

appointing officers and determining the term of office of the officers; 

authorizing the payment of donations to religious, charitable, public or other bodies, clubs, funds, or associations as deemed advisable; 

exercising the borrowing powers of the company and mortgaging the property of the company; 

executing checks, promissory notes, and other negotiable instruments on behalf of the company; and 

maintaining or registering a register of relevant charges of the company. 

46 

Terms of Directors and Executive Officers 

Each
of our directors holds office until a successor has been duly elected and qualified unless the director was appointed by the board of
directors, in which case such director holds office until the next following annual meeting of shareholders at which time such director
is eligible for reelection. All of our executive officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of our board of directors. Our
current directors were re-elected by our shareholders at our 2024 Annual General Meeting, which was held on July 26, 2024, until the next
shareholders meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Qualification 

There
is currently no shareholding qualification for directors. 

Board Composition, Committees and Independence 

Under the rules of NASDAQ,
 independent directors must make up a majority of a listed company s Board of Directors. In addition, applicable NASDAQ
rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit and compensation committees be independent
within the meaning of the applicable NASDAQ rules. Audit committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule
10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Our Board has undertaken a
review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise
the director s ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result of this review,
our Board determined that Messrs. Kwong Sang Liu and Yongyuan Chen, and Ms. Lei Yang are independent directors as defined in the listing
standards of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations. A majority of our directors are independent, as required under applicable NASDAQ rules.
As required under applicable NASDAQ rules, our independent directors will meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions at which only
independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have established three
committees under the board of directors: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee.
We have adopted a charter for each of the three committees. Copies of the charters for each committee are available at http://ir.atifchina.com.
Each committee s members and functions are described below. 

Audit Committee . Our
audit committee consists of Messrs. Kwong Sang Liu and Yongyuan Chen, and Ms. Lei Yang. Mr. Kwong Sang Liu is the chairman of our audit
committee. We have determined that Messrs. Kwong Sang Liu and Yongyuan Chen, and Ms. Lei Yang satisfy the independence requirements
of Section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act. Our board also
has determined that Mr. Kwong Sang Liu qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC rules or possesses
financial sophistication within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The audit committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting
processes and the audits of the financial statements of our company. The audit committee is responsible for, among other things: 

appointing the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors; 

reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management s response; 

discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent auditors; 

reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and procedures and any steps taken to monitor and control major financial risk exposures; 

reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions; 

meeting separately and periodically with management and the independent auditors; and 

monitoring compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our procedures to ensure proper compliance. 

47 

Compensation
Committee. Our compensation committee consists of Messrs. Kwong Sang Liu and Yongyuan Chen, and Ms. Lei Yang. Ms. Lei Yang is the
chairman of our compensation committee. We have determined that Messrs. Kwong Sang Liu and Yongyuan Chen, and Ms. Lei Yang satisfy the
 independence requirements of Section 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules and Rule 10A-3 under the
Securities Exchange Act. The compensation committee assists the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure, including
all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers. Our chief executive officer may not be present at any committee
meeting during which his compensation is deliberated. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: 

reviewing and approving to the board with respect to the total compensation package for our most senior executive officers; 

approving and overseeing the total compensation package for our executives other than the most senior executive officers; 

reviewing and recommending to the board with respect to the compensation of our directors; 

reviewing periodically and approving any long-term incentive compensation or equity plans; 

selecting compensation consultants, legal counsel or other advisors after taking into consideration all factors relevant to that person s independence from management; and 

programs or similar arrangements, annual bonuses, employee pension and welfare benefit plans. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Our nominating and corporate governance committee currently consists of Messrs. Kwong Sang Liu
and Yongyuan Chen, and Ms. Lei Yang. Mr. Yongyuan Chen is the chairman of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Messrs. Kwong
Sang Liu and Yongyuan Chen, and Ms. Lei Yang satisfy the independence requirements of Section 5605(a)(2) of the
NASDAQ Listing Rules and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act. The nominating and corporate governance committee assists
the board of directors in selecting individuals qualified to become our directors and in determining the composition of the board and
its committees. The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: 

identifying and recommending nominees for election or re-election to our board of directors or for appointment to fill any vacancy; 

reviewing annually with our board of directors its current composition in light of the characteristics of independence, age, skills, experience and availability of service to us; 

identifying and recommending to our board the directors to serve as members of committees; 

advising the board periodically with respect to significant developments in the law and practice of corporate governance as well as our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and making recommendations to our board of directors on all matters of corporate governance and on any corrective action to be taken; and 

monitoring compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our procedures to ensure proper compliance. 

Director Qualifications 

In
accordance with its charter, our nominating and corporate governance committee develops and recommends to our board of directors appropriate
criteria, including desired qualifications, expertise, skills and characteristics, for selection of new directors and periodically reviews
the criteria adopted by our board of directors and, if appropriate, recommends changes to such criteria. 

48 

Board Diversity 

Our board of directors desires
to seek members from diverse professional backgrounds who combine a strong professional reputation and knowledge of our business and industry
with a reputation for integrity. Our board of directors does not have a formal policy with respect to diversity and inclusion but is in
process of establishing a policy on diversity. Diversity of experience, expertise and viewpoints is one of many factors the nominating
and corporate governance committee considers when recommending director nominees to our board of directors. Further, our board of directors
is committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool from which new candidates
are selected. Our board of directors also seeks members that have experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility or are,
or have been, leaders in the companies or institutions with which they are, or were, affiliated, but may seek other members with different
backgrounds, based upon the contributions they can make to our company. 

We believe that our current
board composition reflects our commitment to diversity in the areas of gender and professional background. 

Board Diversity Matrix (as of November 1,
2024) 

Total Number of Directors 
 5 

Female 
 Male 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 2 
 3 
 
 Part II: Demographic Background 

Asian 
 2 
 3 

Indemnification Agreements 

We executed a standard form
of indemnification agreement Indemnification Agreement with each of our Board members and executive officers (each, an
 Indemnitee ). 

Pursuant to and subject to
the terms, conditions and limitations set forth in the Indemnification Agreement, we agreed to indemnify each Indemnitee, against any
and all expenses incurred in connection with proceedings relating to the Indemnitee s service as our officer and or director, or
is or was serving at our request as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, or other entity or enterprise
but only if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interest, and
in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. In addition, the indemnification
provided in the indemnification agreement is applicable whether or not negligence or gross negligence of the Indemnitee is alleged or
proven. Additionally, the Indemnification Agreement establishes processes and procedures for indemnification claims, advancement of expenses
and costs and contribution obligations. 

Employees 

As
of July 31, 2024, we had approximately 8 full-time employees, including 1 in China and 7 in America. The table below sets forth
the numbers of employees by functions as of July 31, 2024: 

Function 
 Number of Employees 
 of Total 
 
 Executive Office 
 1 
 12.5 
 
 Legal Department 
 1 
 12.5 
 
 Financial Department 
 2 
 25.0 
 
 IPO Department 
 2 
 25.0 
 
 Engineering and IR Department 
 1 
 12.5 
 
 Marketing Department 
 1 
 12.5 
 
 Total 
 8 
 100 

There
is no labor union. We believe our relations with our employees are good. 

49 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation for our Named Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth
certain information with respect to compensation for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023 earned by or paid to
our chief executive officer and principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, and our other most highly compensated executive
officer. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Nonequity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jun Liu 
 2024 
 120,000 
 20,000 

140,000 
 
 President and Chairman of ATIF, CEO of ATIF 
 2023 
 240,000 

240,000 

Yue Ming 
 2024 
 36,566 

36,566 
 
 CFO of ATIF 
 2023 
 30,240 

30,240 

Jun Liu was appointed as our president and chairman of our Board on July 10, 2020, and appointed as our CEO on August 4, 2021. 

Yue Ming was appointed as our CFO On August 4, 2021. 

We are required by PRC laws
and regulations to make contributions equal to certain percentages of each employee s salary for his or her retirement benefit,
medical insurance benefits, housing funds, unemployment, and other statutory benefits. We paid retirement and similar benefits for our
executive officers for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Benefit Plans 

We do not have any profit
sharing plan or similar plans for the benefit of our officers, directors or employees. However, we may establish such plan in the future. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

We do not have any equity
compensation plan or similar plans for the benefit of our officers, directors or employees. However, we may establish such plan in the
future. 

Outstanding Equity Awards as of July 31, 2024 

We had no outstanding equity
awards as of July 31, 2024. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

Our named executive officers
did not participate in, nor earn any benefits under, a nonqualified deferred compensation plan during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 

Hedging or Offsetting Against Compensatory
Securities 

We have adopted a policy that
our employees (including officers) and directors shall not purchase securities or other financial instruments, or otherwise engage in
transactions, that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of equity securities granted
as compensation to, or held directly or indirectly by, those persons. 

We also have adopted a formal
claw-back policy for the recovery of incentive-based executive compensation erroneously awarded to executive officers based on misstated
financial reporting measures once Nasdaq s listing standards. 

50 

Employment Agreements and Arrangements 

Pursuant to employment agreements,
the form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our F-1 registration statement filed with the SEC on December 11, 2018, we agree
to employ each of our executive officers for a specified time period, which will be renewed upon both parties agreement thirty
days before the end of the current employment term, and payment of cash compensation and benefits became payable when we became a public
reporting company in the US. We may terminate the employment for cause, at any time, without notice or remuneration, for certain acts
of the executive officer, including but not limited to the commitments of any serious or persistent breach or non-observance of the terms
and conditions of the employment, conviction of a criminal offense, willful disobedience of a lawful and reasonable order, fraud or dishonesty,
receipt of bribery, or severe neglect of his or her duties. An executive officer may terminate his or her employment at any time with
a one-month prior written notice. Each executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the employment agreement expires, in
strict confidence and not to use or disclose to any person, corporation or other entity without written consent, any confidential information. 

Our employment agreement with
Jun Liu, our President and Former CEO, is for a term of three years beginning on June 6, 2019, and provides for an annual salary
of 240,000. On July 10, 2020, we amended our employment agreement with Jun Liu to clarify that he had ceased to be employed as our
CEO and had been appointed as our president. On August 4, 2021, we amended our employment agreement with Jun Liu to include his appointment
as the chief executive officer. On February 29, 2024, we entered into a new employment agreement for
a term of three years beginning on February 1, 2024 with Jun Liu which provides for a monthly salary of 1. 

On April 29, 2024, the Company
entered into a deferred salary conversion agreement Deferred Salary Conversion Agreement with Mr. Jun Liu, the president,
chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of the Company. 

Pursuant to the Agreement,
the Company agreed to issue and Mr. Liu agreed to accept 384,478 ordinary shares Deferred Salary Debt Shares ), 0.001 par
value in lieu of an unpaid salary of 349,875 owed to Mr. Liu at a per share price of 0.91 which was the Nasdaq consolidated closing
bid price per share of the Company s ordinary shares on April 29, 2024. 

Our employment agreement with
Yue Ming, our CFO, is for a term of three years beginning on August 9,2021, and provides for an annual salary of US 36,566. 

Other Benefits 

Our employees are eligible
to participate in various employee benefit plans, including medical, dental, and vision care plans, flexible spending accounts for health
and dependent care, life, accidental death and dismemberment, disability, and paid time off. 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth
information concerning the compensation of non-employee directors for services rendered for the year ended July 31, 2024. Jun Liu and
Yue Ming are our executive officers and employees and are not included in the table. All compensation earned by Mr. Liu and Ms. Ming for
services rendered in their capacity as our executive officers and employees, is included under the heading in this section titled Compensation
for our Named Executive Officers. Mr. Liu and Ms. Ming received no compensation for their service as a director. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Kwong Sang Liu 
 18,000 

18,000 
 
 Yongyuan Chen 
 18,000 

18,000 
 
 Lei Yang 
 14,400 

14,400 

51 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
information with respect to the beneficial ownership, within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of our Ordinary Shares
as of the date of this annual report. 

each of our directors and executive officers who beneficially own our Ordinary Shares; and 

each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5.0 of our Ordinary Shares. 

Beneficial ownership includes voting or investment power with respect
to the securities. Except as indicated below, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all Ordinary Shares shown as beneficially owned by them. Percentage of beneficial ownership
of each listed person is based on 11,917,452 Ordinary Shares outstanding as of November 12, 2024. 

Information with respect to
beneficial ownership has been furnished by each director, officer, or beneficial owner of 5 or more of our Ordinary Shares. Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally requires that such person have voting or investment
power with respect to securities. In computing the number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by a person listed below and the percentage
ownership of such person, Ordinary Shares underlying options, warrants, or convertible securities held by each such person that are exercisable
or convertible within 60 days of the date of this annual report are deemed outstanding, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the
percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, or as required by applicable community
property laws, all persons listed have sole voting and investment power for all Ordinary Shares shown as beneficially owned by them. 

Ordinary Shares 
Beneficially Owned 

Number 

Percent 

Directors and Executive Officers (1) : 

Jun Liu (2) 

5,683,972 

47.69 

Yue Ming 

0 

Kwong Sang Liu 

0 

Yongyuan Chen 

0 

Lei Yang 

0 

All directors and executive officers as a group (five persons): 

5,652,808 

47.69 

5 Shareholders: 

Tianzhen Investments Limited 

3,472,024 

29.14 

Eno Group Limited 

1,820,000 

15.27 

Jinglin Lu 

1,092,512 

9.17 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 25391 Commercentre Dr., Ste 120, Lake Forest, CA. 

(2) Jun Liu, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, may be
deemed to beneficially own 5,693,972 ordinary shares (as adjusted to reflect the Reverse Split), which consists of (i) 3,472,024ordinary
shares, or approximately 29.14 , through his 100 ownership of Tianzhen Investments Limited, (ii) 1,820,000 ordinary shares, or approximately
15.3 , which are held indirectly through a voting rights proxy agreement with Eno Group Limited, which was assigned to Tianzhen Investments
Limited. And (iii) 391,948 ordinary shares directly held by Mr. Liu. 

52 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transaction with related parties 

The following includes a summary
of certain relationships and transactions, including transactions since August 1, 2022 to July 31, 2024 and any currently proposed transactions,
to which we were or are to be a participant, in which (1) the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii)
one percent (1 of the average of our total assets for the last two completed fiscal years, and (2) any of our directors, executive officers
or holders of more than five percent (5 of our capital stock, or any affiliate or member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons,
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest other than compensation and other arrangements that are described under the section
titled Executive Compensation. 

1) 
 Nature of relationships with related parties 

The table below sets forth the major related parties
and their relationships with the Company, with which the Company entered into transactions during the years ended July 31, 2024 and
2023, or recorded balances as of July 31, 2024 and 2023: 

Name 
 
 Relationship with the Company 
 
 Mr. Jun Liu 
 
 The Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 Huaya 
 
 Wholly owned by Mr. Pishan Chi, the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. 
 
 Wholly owned by Mr. Jun Liu 
 
 Zachary Group LLC Zachary Group 
 
 Wholly owned by Mr. Jun Liu 

2) 
 Transactions with related parties 

As of July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Provision of consulting services to related parties 

Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. 
 200,000 
 1,300,000 

200,000 
 1,300,000 

In June 2022, the Company entered into an office
lease agreement with Zachary Group. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company would lease the office space for a lease term of 5 years,
matured in May 2027. The monthly rental fee was 20,000, payable on a monthly basis. On March 1, 2024, the Company and Zachary Group modified
the lease agreement to reduce the lease term and office space. The modified agreement was for a lease term of 2 years through February
2026, and monthly rental fee was 3,000, payable on a monthly basis. For the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded rental
expenses of 95,000 and 240,000, respectively. 

In April 2024, the Company made a three-month
loan of 300,000 to Mr. Jun Liu. The loan was interest free and was fully repaid in July 2024. 

On April 29, 2024, the Company entered into a
deferred salary conversion agreement Deferred Salary Conversion Agreement with Mr. Jun Liu, the president, chief executive
officer and chairman of the board of directors of the Company. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and Mr. Liu agreed
to accept 384,478 ordinary shares Deferred Salary Debt Shares ), 0.001 par value in lieu of an unpaid salary
of 349,875 owed to Mr. Liu at a per share price of 0.91 which was the Nasdaq consolidated closing bid price per share of the
Company s ordinary shares on April 29, 2024. 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company
also made a prepayment of 900,000 to Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. for security purchase. However the transaction
was subsequently canceled. The Company expected to collect the prepayments before November 30, 2024. 

For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
make a loan of 100,000 to Huaya to support its operations. The loan was interest free and was repayable on demand. For the
year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, Huaya made repayments of 40,539 and 59,461 to the Company. 

53 

Related Person Transactions Policy 

We plan to adopt a new written
related person transactions policy that sets forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification, review, consideration, and
oversight of related person transactions. For purposes of policy only, a related person transaction is a transaction,
arrangement, or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we or any of our subsidiaries
are participants involving an amount, as long as we are a SEC smaller reporting company, that exceeds the lesser of (a) 120,000 or (b)
1 of the average of our total assets for the last two completed fiscal years, in which any related person has a material
interest. 

Transactions involving compensation
for services provided to us as an employee, consultant or director will not be considered related person transactions under this policy.
A related person is any executive officer, director, nominee to become a director or a holder of more than 5 of any class of our voting
securities (including our ordinary shares), including any of their immediate family members and affiliates, including entities owned or
controlled by such persons. 

Under the policy, the related
person in question or, in the case of transactions with a holder of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, an officer with
knowledge of a proposed transaction, must present information regarding the proposed related person transaction to our audit committee
(or, where review by our audit committee would be inappropriate, to another independent body of our board of directors) for review. To
identify related person transactions in advance, we will rely on information supplied by our executive officers, directors and certain
significant shareholders. In considering related person transactions, our audit committee will take into account the relevant available
facts and circumstances, which may include, but are not limited to: 

the risks, costs, and benefits to us; 

the impact on a director s independence in the event the related person is a director, immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a director is affiliated; 

the terms of the transaction; 

the availability of other sources for comparable services or products; 

the terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties; and 

our audit committee will approve only those transactions that it determines are fair and in our best interests. 

Director Independence 

A majority of our Board of
Directors are independent directors, see the discussion above under the section Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance Board Composition, Committees and Independence. 

54 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent Auditor 

For the years ended July 31,
2024 and 2023, the Company s independent public accounting firm was ZH CPA, LLC ZH CPA ). 

Fees Paid to Principal Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

The aggregate fees billed
by our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 

For the Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees(1) 
 165,000 
 175,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees(2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees(3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees(4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 165,000 
 175,000 

(1) 
 Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements and those services normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements including comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC matters. This information is presented as of the latest practicable date for this annual report. 

(2) 
 Audit-related fees represent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported above under Audit Fees. 

(3) ZH
CPA did not provide us with tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services. 

(4) All other fees include fees billed by our independent
auditors for products or services other than as described in the immediately preceding three categories. No such fees were incurred during
the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The policy of our audit committee
is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by ZH CPA, LLC, our independent registered public accounting firm, including
audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services as described above. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this preapproval, and the fees for the services performed to date. 

All of the services relating
to the fees described in the table above were approved by our audit committee. 

55 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) Financial Statements 

Financial Statements and Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms are set forth on pages F-1 through F-28 of this report. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules have been omitted because the required
information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or because they are not required. 

56 

(3) Exhibits: 

The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation
S-K are listed in subparagraph (b) below. 

(b) The following exhibits are filed as part of
this Annual Report. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1
 to the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-228750), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on December 11, 2018) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to Form 6-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to Form 6-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2021) 
 
 4(vi) 
 
 Description
 of registrant s securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(vi) to the annual report for the year ended July
 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Registrant s
 Specimen Certificate for Ordinary Shares (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registration statement on Form F-1
 (File No. 333-228750), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2018) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
 4, 2020) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on November 4, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
 27, 2021) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on April 27, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement
 of Website (CNNM) Transfer dated September 20, 2018, between ATIF HK and Shenzhen Shangyuan Electronic Commerce Ltd. (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-228750), as amended, initially filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2018) 
 
 10.2# 
 
 Form
 of Employment Agreement by and between executive officers and the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-228750), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on December 11, 2018) 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement between directors and the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registration
 statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-228750), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December
 11, 2018) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on November 4, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Sale
 and Purchase Agreement regarding issued shares of Leaping Group Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form
 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on April 27, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement entered into between ATIF Holdings Limited and Massimo Motor Sports, LLC dated August 10, 2022 (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Share
 Transfer Agreement dated May 20, 2022 between ATIF Holdings Inc. and Pishan Chi (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8
 to the annual report for the year ended July 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Sale
 and Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 2022 between ATIF Inc. and Asia Time (HK) International Finance Service Limited (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the annual report for the year ended July 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on November 2, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registration statement
 on Form F-1 (File No. 333-228750), as amended, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11,
 2018) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
 of subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 

Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 

Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 

Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 99.2 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 97.1 
 
 Form of Claw Back Policy 
 
 101.
 INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.
 SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.
 CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.
 DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.
 LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.
 PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 ATIF Holdings Limited 

By: 
 /s/ Jun Liu 

Name: 
 Jun Liu 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Yue Ming 

Name: 
 Yue Ming 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jun Liu 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Jun Liu 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Yue Ming 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Yue Ming 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ Kwong Sang Liu 
 
 Director 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Kwong Sang Liu 

/s/ Yongyuan Chen 
 
 Director 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Yongyuan Chen 

/s/ Lei Yang 
 
 Director 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 Lei Yang 

58 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB # , Denver, CO) F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (loss) for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-23 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

ATIF Holdings Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ATIF Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related
consolidated statements of income(loss), comprehensive income(loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended July 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024
and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended July 31, 2024, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The Company s ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operating
activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation
of the events and conditions and plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters are matters
arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

November 13, 2024 

F- 2 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

As of July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Accounts receivable a related party 

Deposits 

Investment in trading securities 

Due from a related party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 -

Right-of- use assets, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 
 -

Taxes payable 

Due to related parties 
 -

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Long-term payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues third parties 

Revenues a related party 

Revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

(Reversal of provision) provision against accounts receivable due from a related party 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income, net 

Other (expenses) income, net 

Provision against due from buyers of LGC 
 -

(Loss) gain from investment in trading securities 

Gain from disposal of subsidiaries and VIE 
 -

Total other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Loss Per share basic and diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2024 AND 2023 

Ordinary Share 

Additional Paid in 

Accumulated 

Noncontrolling 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

deficit 

interests 

Total 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Net loss for the year 

- 

-

-

() 

-

() 
 
 Disposal of ATIF GP 

- 

-

() 

-

Balance at July 31, 2023 

() 

-

Net loss for the year 

- 

-

-

() 

-

() 
 
 Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to a private placement 

-

-

Issuance of ordinary shares to settle payroll payable due to a management 

-

-

Waive of liabilities by a related party 

- 

-

-

-

Balance at July 31, 2024 

() 

-

1,753,7 54 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Loss from early termination of an operating lease 
 
 -

Provision against due from buyers of LGC 
 -

(Reversal of provision) provision against accounts receivable due from a related party 

Loss from disposal of property and equipment 
 -

Loss (gain) from investment in trading securities 

Loss from disposal of a subsidiary 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable a related party 

Deposits 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deferred revenue 

Taxes payable 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 
 -

Payment for investment in trading securities 
 
 -

Proceeds from redemption of trading securities 
 -

Proceeds from disposal of investment in an equity investee 
 -

Loans to a related party 
 -

Prepayment made to a related party 
 
 -

Collection of loans from a related party 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings from a related party 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to a private placement 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest expenses 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for income tax 
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

Issuance of ordinary shares to settle payroll payable due to a management 
 
 -

Waive of liabilities by a related party 
 
 -

Disposal of right-of-use assets with decrease of operating lease obligations 
 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

limited partner interest in ATIF, LP. The investment manager for the fund is ATIF Inc. 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company entered into a sales agreement with a third party, pursuant to which the Company sold all of its equity interest
in ATIF GP at the cost of . The management believed the disposition does not represent a strategic shift because it is not changing
the way it is running its consulting business. The Company has not shifted the nature of its operations. The termination is not accounted
as discontinued operations in accordance with ASC 205-20. Upon the closing of the Agreement, ATIF GP is no longer our subsidiary and
ATIF USA ceased to be the investment manager of ATIF LP. 

Disposal
of ATIF HK and Huaya 

On
May 20, 2022, the Company entered into a share transfer agreement with Mr. Pishan Chi, pursuant to which the Company transferred all
of its equity interest in ATIF HK and its wholly owned subsidiary, Huaya to Mr. Chi at nil consideration. Mr. Chi was the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer for the period from July 10, 2020 through August 4, 2021. The transfer of equity interest was closed on
May 31, 2022. 

The
transfer of equity interest in ATIF HK and Huaya was for the purpose of mitigation of restrictions on China-based companies raising capital
offshore by the PRC government. Upon the transfer of ATIF HK and Huaya, the Company would continue its effort to provide financial consulting
services to clients from North America and other areas. The management believed the disposition does not represent a strategic shift
because it is not changing the way it is running its business. The Company has not shifted the nature of its operations, not is it exiting
the North America market, which is the Company s major geographic market area. The termination is not accounted as discontinued
operations in accordance with ASC 205-20. 

Wholly owned subsidiaries of ATIF ATIF Inc. ATIF USA ATIF Investment LLC ATIF Investment ATIF BD ATIF BC ATIF BM 

F- 7 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively,
and operating cash outflows approximately million and million. In assessing the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and its ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future to support its operating
and capital expenditure commitments. Because of losses from operations, cash out from operating activities, and the requirement of additional
capital to fund our current operating plan at July 31, 2024, these factors indicate the existence of an uncertainty that raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company had cash of 
million, short-term investment in trading securities of million, due from a related party of million and accounts receivables
of million due from a related party, which were highly liquid. On the other hand, the Company had current liabilities of million.
The Company s cash on hand could well cover the current liabilities. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent on management s ability to successfully execute its business plan, which includes increasing revenue while controlling
operating cost and expenses to generate positive operating cash flows and obtain financing from outside sources. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result
from the outcome of the uncertainties described above. 

F- 8 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

and a gain
of from investment in trading securities for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

F- 9 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

- years 
 
 Transportation vehicles 
 years 

. 

F- 10 

ATIF
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

. 

F- 11 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Revenue Recognition (continued) 

Revenue from providing Phase III consulting services
to customers is recognized upon completion of the reverse merger transaction or IPO transaction when the Company s promised services
are rendered and the Company s performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue that has been billed and not yet recognized is reflected
as deferred revenue on the balance sheet. 

likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more
likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified
as income tax expense in the period incurred. The Company did not have unrecognized uncertain tax positions or any unrecognized liabilities,
interest or penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit as of July 31, 2024. As of July 31, 2024, all of the Company s income
tax returns for the tax years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2023 remain open for statutory examination by relevant
tax authorities. 

F- 12 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

and nil from Internal Review Service IRS of the United States. 

F- 13 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

deposited in the banks located in the U.S., which were insured
by FDIC up to , and held cash and cash equivalents of deposited
in the investment bank accounts located in the U.S. and cash and cash equivalents of deposited in an investment bank accounts
located in Singapore, which are not insured by FDIC. 

and of the Company s
consolidated revenue, respectively. For the year ended July 31, 2023, three customers accounted for , and of the Company s
consolidated revenue, respectively. 

of the Company s consolidated accounts receivable, respectively. As of July 31, 2023, two customers accounted
for and of the Company s consolidated accounts receivable, respectively. 

F- 14 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

F- 15 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Advance to vendors 
 -

Others 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

For the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company
did not dispose of property and equipment. For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company disposed vehicles with original value of 
and net book value of , and other equipment with original value of and net book value of . The Company received
proceeds of , and recognized loss of on disposal of property and equipment. 

Depreciation expense was and for
the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets 
 -

Amortization expense was and for the years ended July 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively. 

and an increase in fair value of
 , respectively. 

F- 16 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

months to months, and the office space
is reduced. 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company
early terminated a car lease arrangement, and recognized losses of arising from early termination in the consolidated statements
of operations comprehensive loss. The losses of was comprised of arising from the derecognition of operating
right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities, and arising from penalties. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the
Company entered into a car lease arrangement with a third party lessor with lease term of months. 

The Company s lease agreements do not
contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Rent expenses for the years ended July 31, 2024
and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Effective August 1, 2019, the Company adopted
the new lease accounting standard using a modified retrospective transition method, which allows the Company not to recast comparative
periods presented in its consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Company elected the package of practical expedients, which
allows the Company to not reassess whether any existing contracts contain a lease, to not reassess historical lease classification as
operating or finance leases, and to not reassess initial direct costs. The Company has not elected the practical expedient to use hindsight
to determine the lease term for its leases at transition. The Company combines the lease and non-lease components in determining the ROU
assets and related lease obligation. Adoption of this standard resulted in the recording of operating lease ROU assets and corresponding
operating lease liabilities as disclosed below. ROU assets and related lease obligations are recognized at commencement date based on
the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

F- 17 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8 OPERATING LEASES (continued 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 
 -

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

-

Investment securities payable 
 
 -

Accrued payroll expenses 
 -

Others 

Other long-term liabilities: 

Accrued litigation fee, noncurrent (a) 
 
 -

(Note 14). The compensation is payable in three instalments,
with first instalment of payable with execution of settlement agreement, the second instalment of payable before March
1, 2025, and the final instalment of payable before December 31, 2025. Accordingly, the Company recorded accrued litigation
fees of as current liabilities, and the remaining as noncurrent liabilities. 

, respectively. 

For the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, 
and of advance from customer balance as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 were recognized as revenues in the year ended July 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively. 

F- 18 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Huaya Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. Zachary Group LLC Zachary Group 

In
June 2022, the Company entered into an office lease agreement with Zachary Group. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company would lease
the office space for a lease term of , matured in May 2027. The monthly rental fee was , payable on a monthly
basis. On March 1, 2024, the Company and Zachary Group modified the lease agreement to reduce the lease term and office space. The modified
agreement was for a lease term of years through February 2026, and monthly rental fee was , payable on a monthly basis. For the
year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded rental expenses of and , respectively. 

In April 2024, the Company made a three-month
loan of to Mr. Jun Liu. The loan was interest free and was fully repaid in July 2024. 

On April 29, 2024, the Company entered into a
deferred salary conversion agreement Deferred Salary Conversion Agreement with Mr. Jun Liu, the president, chief executive
officer and chairman of the board of directors of the Company. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and Mr. Liu agreed
to accept ordinary shares Deferred Salary Debt Shares ), par value in lieu of an unpaid salary
of owed to Mr. Liu at a per share price of which was the Nasdaq consolidated closing bid price per share of the
Company s ordinary shares on April 29, 2024. 

For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
make a loan of to Huaya to support its operations. The loan was interest free and was repayable on demand. For the
year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, Huaya made repayments of and to the Company. 

3) 
 Balances with related parties 

Other receivable: 

Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. (a) 
 
 -

Huaya 
 -

to Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. for security purchase. However the transaction was subsequently canceled. The Company expected to collect the prepayments before November 30, 2024. (b) During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company provided full provision of against accounts receivable due from Huaya because the management assessed the collection was remote. For the year ended July 31, 2024, Huaya paid salaries of on behalf of the Company, and the Company reversed provision of against accounts receivable due from Huaya. 

F- 19 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 11 RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS continued 

-

In April 2024, Asia International Securities
Exchange Co., Ltd. waived debts of due from the Company. The forgiveness of liabilities was considered as a contribution
from the principal shareholder and recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

and state tax rate is
 . The Company also evaluated the impact from the recent tax reforms in the United States, including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
and Economic Security Act CARES Act and Health and Economic Recovery Omnibus Emergency Solutions Act HERO Act ),
which both were passed in 2020, no material impact on the Company is expected based on the analysis. The Company will continue to
monitor the potential impact going forward. 

 For the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company
incurred current income tax expenses of , all of which was state income tax expenses. For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
incurred current income tax expenses of , including federal income tax expenses of and state income tax expenses of ,
respectively. 

for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 to the Company s effective tax rate: 

State tax rate, net of statutory federal effect 

Rate differential 

Permanent difference on non-deductible expenses 

Permanent difference on non-taxable income 
 
 -

Utilization of net operation losses brought forward 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

F- 20 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 12 TAXES (continued) 

Operating lease 
 -

Property, equipment and others 
 -

Gross deferred tax assets 

Operating lease 
 
 -

Property, equipment and others 
 
 -

Gross deferred tax liabilities 
 
 -

Gross deferred tax assets, net of gross deferred tax liabilities 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

The Company follows ASC 740, Income
Taxes , which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events
that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax
consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each
period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates, applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect
taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

The Company s deferred tax assets primarily
derived from the net operating loss NOL ). For the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company suffered net operating
losses due to limited number of customers for ATIF s consulting service. The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the
realization of deferred tax assets, and reduces the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance to the extent
it believes a portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood
of future realization of the deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience, expectation of future income, the
carry forward periods available for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, management
believes that the realization of the deferred tax assets appears to be uncertain and may not be realizable in the near future. Therefore,
a valuation allowance has been provided against the deferred tax assets. 

Uncertain tax positions 

The Company accounts for uncertainty in income
taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for
recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the
largest amount that is more than likely of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
are recognized and recorded as necessary in the provision for income taxes. In the case of transfer pricing issues, the statute of limitation
is ten years. There is no statute of limitation in the case of tax evasion. There were no uncertain tax positions as of July 31, 2024
and 2023 and the Company does not believe that its unrecognized tax benefits will change over the next twelve months. 

F- 21 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

On April 23, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate
 ordinary shares to three investors, at the purchase price of per ordinary share. The Company raised gross proceeds
of from the private placements. The difference of between the par value of ordinary shares and the gross proceeds
were recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

On April 30, 2024, the Company issued and Mr.
Jun Liu agreed to accept ordinary shares to settle accrued payroll expenses due to Mr. Liu (Note 11). The difference
of between the par value of ordinary shares and carrying amount of accrued payables is recorded as additional paid in capital. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company had a total of
 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Additional paid-in capital 

As of July 31, 2023, the Company had additional
paid-in capital of . 

As mentioned in Note 13 Equity - ordinary
shares , the Company had an increase in additional paid-in capital and , respectively, from issuance of shares in
private placements and to settle accrued payable due to Mr. Jun Liu. 

 For
the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd., which waived
debts of due from the Company. The forgiveness of liabilities was considered as a contribution from the principal shareholder
and recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company had additional paid-in
capital of . 

equity interest in LGC after LGC terminated its efforts to launch an IPO on its own. Boustead alleged that the acquisition transaction
between the Company and LGC was entered into during the tail period of the exclusive agreement between Boustead and the Company, and therefore
deprived Boustead of compensation that Boustead would otherwise have been entitled to receive under its exclusive agreement with the Company
and LGC. Therefore, Boustead is attempting to recover from the Company an amount equal to a percentage of the value of the transaction
it conducted with LGC. 

F- 22 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14 CONTIGENCIES (continued) 

to Boustead. The payment is made in three instalments, the first instalment of is payable upon execution of the
settlement agreement, the second instalment of is payable before March 1, 2025, and the final instalment of is payable
before December 31, 2025. 

Pending Legal Proceeding with J.P Morgan Securities
LLC JPMS 

On December 22, 2023, J.P Morgan Securities LLC JPMS filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California, County of Orange, bearing Case Number 30-2023-01369978-CU-FR-CJC
against ATIF Holdings Limited Holdings ), ATIF Inc., ATIF-1 GP, LLC (ATIF-1 GP ), and two officers of Holdings and
ATIF Inc., Jun Liu and Zhiliang Ian Zhou, alleging and asserting that it is entitled to recover in damages
plus interest and attorneys fees relating to a stock transaction by ATIF-1 GP. 

The parties have agreed to attempt to mediate the dispute before proceeding
to litigation. A mediation was held on May 6, 2024, but the parties could not come to a resolution. The Defendants time to
respond to the lawsuit was May 20, 2024. On May 15, 2024, the Defendants filed a Petition with the Superior Court of California seeking
to compel arbitration under the operative agreements and stay the underlying State Court action. On or about August 16, 2024, the parties
agreed that JPMS and ATIF-1 GP, LLC would submit any disputes between the two of them only, to FINRA arbitration, and stay the California
state court case pending such arbitration. At this time, the management is still in the process of evaluating the claims and defenses. 

to Boustead. The payment is made in three instalments, the first instalment of is payable upon execution
of the settlement agreement, the second instalment of is payable before March 1, 2025, and the final instalment of is
payable before December 31, 2025. 

F-23 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ea021933801ex21-1_atif.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The following list sets forth
the subsidiaries of the registrant as of July 31, 2024: 

Company 
 
 State of Incorporation 
 
 ATIF Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 ATIF BD LLC (1) 
 
 California 
 
 ATIF Business Management LLC (1) 
 
 California 
 
 ATIF Business Consulting LLC (1) 
 
 California 
 
 ATIF Investment Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 

(1) 
 Subsidiary of ATIF Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea021933801ex31-1_atif.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jun Liu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ATIF Holdings Limited (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Jun Liu 

Name: 
 Jun Liu 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea021933801ex31-2_atif.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ming Yue, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ATIF Holdings Limited (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Ming Yue 

Name: 
 Ming Yue 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021933801ex32-1_atif.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ATIF Holdings
Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Jun Liu 

Name: 
 Jun Liu 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea021933801ex32-2_atif.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ATIF Holdings
Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to her knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Ming Yue 

Name: 
 Ming Yue 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 7
 ea021933801ex97-1_atif.htm
 FORM OF CLAW BACK POLICY

Exhibit 97.1 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CLAWBACK POLICY 

Introduction 

The Board of Directors (the Board of ATIF Holdings Limited (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders
to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability and that reinforces the Company s pay-for-performance
compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation
in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal
securities laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Administration 

This Policy shall be administered by the Board or,
if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to
the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 

Covered Executives 

This Policy applies to the Company s current
and former executive officers, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards
of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed, and such other senior executives or employees
who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Board Covered Executives ). 

Recoupment; Accounting Restatement 

In the event the Company is required to prepare an
accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement
under the securities laws, the Board will require reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess Incentive Compensation received by any Covered
Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting
restatement. 

Incentive Compensation 

For purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation
means any of the following; provided that, such compensation is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of
a financial reporting measure (the Incentive Compensation ): 

Annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. 

Stock options. 

Stock appreciation rights. 

Restricted stock. 

Restricted stock units. 

Performance shares. 

Performance units. 

Financial reporting measures include: 

Company stock price. 

Total shareholder return. 

Revenues. 

Net income. 

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). 

Funds from operations. 

Liquidity measures such as working capital or operating cash flow. 

Return measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets. 

Earnings measures such as earnings per share. 

Excess Incentive Compensation: Amount Subject
to Recovery 

The amount to be recovered will be the excess of the
Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over the Incentive Compensation that would have been
paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined by the Board. 

If the Board cannot determine the amount of excess
Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information in the accounting restatement, then it will make
its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement. 

Method of Recoupment 

The Board will determine, in its sole discretion,
the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation: 

(a) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation
previously paid; 

(b) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting,
exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards; 

(c) offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation
otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; 

2 

(d) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity
awards; and/or 

(e) taking any other remedial and recovery action
permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 

No Indemnification 

The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives
against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation. 

Interpretation 

The Board is authorized to interpret and construe
this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended
that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable
rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Company s
securities are listed. 

Effective Date 

This Policy shall be effective as of the date it is
adopted by the Board (the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive Compensation that is approved, awarded or
granted to Covered Executives on or after that date. 

Amendment; Termination 

The Board may amend this Policy from time to time
in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on
which the Company s securities are listed. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 

Other Recoupment Rights 

The Board intends that this Policy will be applied
to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered
into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree
to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies
or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement,
equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 

Impracticability 

The Board shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation
in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Board in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of
the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Successors 

This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against
all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

3 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 atif-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 atif-20240731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 atif-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 atif-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 atif-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

