<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-K_edgar_data_1417398_0001417398-24-000256.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19195292</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>434671</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3161201</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7140477</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4440024</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3602238</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001417398-24-000256.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119170636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001417398-24-000256
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hillenbrand, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001417398
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				261342272
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33794
		FILM NUMBER:		241477160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BATESVILLE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BATESVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(812) 931-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BATESVILLE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BATESVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Batesville Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001417398-24-000256.txt : 20241119

10-K
 1
 hi-20240930.htm
 10-K

hi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 A nnual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to _____ 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer o Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of capital stock (consisting solely of shares of common stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2024 was . As of November 15, 2024, shares of common stock were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 2 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 29 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 102 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 102 
 Item 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 102 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 103 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Shareholder Matters 
 103 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 103 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 103 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 103 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 108 
 Signatures 
 109 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 (monetary amounts in millions, except per share data) 
 
 PART I 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 
 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ), we make a number of forward-looking statements, including statements that are within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided under these sections. As the words imply, these are statements about future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, financings, share repurchases, ability to meet deleveraging goals, and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans or events, strategies, objectives, beliefs, prospects, assumptions, expectations, and projected costs or savings or transactions of the Company that might or might not happen in the future, as contrasted with historical information. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that we believe are reasonable, but by their very nature are subject to a wide range of risks. If our assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown risks and uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from Hillenbrand s expectations and projections. 
 
 Accordingly, in this Form 10-K, we may say something like, 
 
 We expect that future net revenue will be influenced by order backlog. 
 
 That is a forward-looking statement, as indicated by the word expect and by the clear meaning of the sentence. 
 
 Other words that could indicate we are making forward-looking statements include the following: 
 
 intend believe plan expect may goal would project position future outlook become pursue estimate will forecast continue could anticipate remain likely target encourage promise improve progress potential should impact strategy assume 
 
 This is not an exhaustive list, but is intended to give you an idea of how we try to identify forward-looking statements. The absence of any of these words, however, does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. 
 
 Here is the key point : Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events, and actual results or events could differ materially from those set forth in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Any number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, could cause our performance to differ significantly from what is described in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: global market and economic conditions, including those related to the continued volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the United States U.S. presidential election; the risk of business disruptions associated with information technology, cyber-attacks, or catastrophic losses affecting infrastructure; increasing competition for highly skilled and talented workers, as well as labor shortages; closures or slowdowns and changes in labor costs and labor difficulties; uncertainty related to environmental regulation and industry standards, as well as physical risks of climate change; uncertainty related to environmental regulation, including the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC final climate rules and litigation regarding its enforceability; increased costs, poor quality, or unavailability of raw materials or certain outsourced services and supply chain disruptions; economic and financial conditions including volatility in interest and exchange rates, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets; uncertainty in U.S. global trade policy and risks with governmental instability in certain parts of the world such as Germany; our level of international sales and operations; the impact of incurring significant amounts of indebtedness and any inability of the Company to respond to changes in its business or make future desirable acquisitions; the ability of the Company to comply with financial or other covenants in debt agreements; negative effects of acquisitions, including the Schenck Process Food and Performance Materials FPM business and Linxis Group SAS Linxis acquisitions, on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and financial performance (including the ability of the Company to maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers, and others with whom it does business); the possibility that the anticipated benefits from acquisitions including the FPM and Linxis acquisitions cannot be realized by the Company in full or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected; risks that the integrations of FPM or Linxis or other acquired businesses disrupt current operations or pose potential difficulties in employee retention or otherwise affect financial or operating results; competition in the industries in which we operate, including on price; cyclical demand for industrial capital goods; the ability to recognize the benefits of any acquisition or divestiture, including potential synergies and cost savings or the failure of the Company or any acquired company to achieve its plans and objectives generally; impairment charges to 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets; impacts of decreases in demand or changes in technological advances, laws, or regulation on the net revenues that we derive from the plastics industry; changes in food consumption patterns due to dietary trends, or economic conditions, or other reasons; our reliance upon employees, agents, and business partners to comply with laws in many countries and jurisdictions; the impact to the Company s effective tax rate of changes in the mix of earnings or in tax laws and certain other tax-related matters; exposure to tax uncertainties and audits; involvement in claims, lawsuits, and governmental proceedings related to operations; uncertainty in the U.S. political and regulatory environment, including as a result of the U.S. presidential election; adverse foreign currency fluctuations; labor disruptions; and the effect of certain provisions of the Company s governing documents and Indiana law that could decrease the trading price of the Company s common stock. Shareholders, potential investors, and other readers are urged to consider these risks and uncertainties in evaluating forward looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. For a more in-depth discussion of these and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in forward-looking statements, see the discussions under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-K is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 In this section of the Form 10-K, we provide you with a general overview of the Company, including a high-level review of our reportable segments and how we operate. We then present our reportable operating segments in greater detail, including the products we manufacture and sell, how those products are distributed and to whom, with whom we compete, the key inputs to production, and an explanation of our business strategies. We also provide you information on any key patents, trademarks, and regulatory matters important to our business. Finally, we provide you with a brief background on our executive officers so that you can understand their experience and qualifications. 

GENERAL 
 Hillenbrand www.Hillenbrand.com is a global industrial company that provides highly-engineered processing equipment and solutions to customers around the world. Our portfolio is composed of leading industrial brands that serve large, attractive end markets, including durable plastics, food, and recycling. Guided by our Purpose, Shape What Matters For Tomorrow , we pursue excellence, collaboration, and innovation to shape solutions that best serve our people, our customers, and our communities. Customers choose Hillenbrand due to our reputation for designing, manufacturing, and servicing highly-engineered, mission-critical equipment and solutions that meet their unique and complex processing requirements. 
 
 Hillenbrand s portfolio is composed of two reportable operating segments: Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions. Advanced Process Solutions is a leading global provider of highly-engineered process and material handling equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and services for a variety of industries, including durable plastics, food, and recycling. Key technologies within the Advanced Process Solutions portfolio include compounding, extrusion, material handling, conveying, mixing, ingredient automation, portion process, and screening and separating equipment. Molding Technology Solutions is a global leader in highly-engineered equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and service for the plastic technology processing industry. Molding Technology Solutions has a comprehensive product portfolio that includes injection molding and extrusion equipment, hot runner systems, process control systems, mold bases and components, and maintenance, repair, and operating MRO supplies. These reportable operating segments are characterized by well-known brands that are recognized for technological capabilities and process expertise that can be shared across the reportable operating segments to serve customers globally. These reportable operating segments address macro trends supported by a growing middle class driving demand for plastics in a variety of applications, such as construction, food safety, and recycling, and demand for more sustainable food sources such as plant-based proteins. 
 
 Hillenbrand was incorporated on November 1, 2007, in the state of Indiana and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HI on April 1, 2008. Hillenbrand, the Company, we, us, our, and similar words refer to Hillenbrand, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless context otherwise requires. Although Hillenbrand has been a publicly traded company since 2008, the brands owned by Hillenbrand have been in operation for many decades. 
 
 Over the past several years, we have significantly transformed our business through not only the completion of several strategic acquisitions, but also the divestiture of our historical Batesville reportable operating segment, as well as the divestiture of certain other non-core brands. The acquisitions provided leading brands, complementary technologies, and enhanced scale in attractive end markets, including food and recycling. These end markets are attractive to Hillenbrand because they have strong, long-term growth characteristics, and allow us to leverage our existing expertise in process technology and systems engineering to provide comprehensive solutions to our customers. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions 
 
 The following acquisitions were made during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, and are included within our Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment: 
 
 On September 1, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of the Schenck Process Food and Performance Materials FPM business; 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the Peerless Food Equipment division Peerless of Illinois Tool Works Inc.; and 
 On October 6, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of LINXIS Group SAS Linxis ). 
 
 For further information, see Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 On February 1, 2023, the Company completed the divestiture of its historical Batesville reportable operating segment. This divestiture represented a strategic shift in Hillenbrand s business and qualified as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, the operating results and cash flows related to the historical Batesville reportable operating segment have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within this Form 10-K relates to continuing operations only and excludes the historical Batesville reportable operating segment. 
 
 For further information, see Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Reportable Operating Segments 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions is a leading global provider of highly-engineered process and material handling equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and services for a variety of industries, including durable plastics, food, and recycling. Key technologies within the Advanced Process Solutions portfolio include compounding, extrusion, material handling, conveying, mixing, ingredient automation, portion process, and screening and separating equipment. 
 
 We believe Advanced Process Solutions has attractive fundamentals including: 
 Strong product and technology positions with substantial brand value and recognition; 
 Industry-leading applications and engineering expertise; 
 Comprehensive solutions capabilities through a differentiated suite of complementary processing technologies; 
 A large installed base that supports an aftermarket parts and service business with historically stable revenue and attractive margins; 
 A customer base that is highly diversified, including a strong history of long-term relationships with blue-chip end user customers; and 
 A strong global footprint for sales, manufacturing, engineering, and service, including established operations in high growth countries such as India. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions is a global leader in highly-engineered equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and service for the plastic technology processing industry. Molding Technology Solutions has a comprehensive product portfolio that includes injection molding and extrusion equipment, hot runner systems, process control systems, mold bases and components, and maintenance, repair, and operating MRO supplies. 
 
 We believe Molding Technology Solutions has attractive fundamentals including: 
 Strong product and technology positions with substantial brand value and recognition; 
 Strong market positions and engineering expertise; 
 A large installed base that supports an aftermarket parts and service business with historically stable revenue and attractive margins; 
 A customer base that is highly diversified in end markets and applications, with a strong history of long-term customer relationships; and 
 Geographic diversification, including established operations in high growth countries such as India and China. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

How We Operate 
 
 Guided by our Purpose, Shape What Matters for Tomorrow, we strive to provide superior return for our shareholders, exceptional value for our customers, great professional opportunities for our employees, and to be responsible to our communities through the execution of our profitable growth strategy. We aim to deliver sustainable revenue expansion, profit growth, and substantial free cash flow through our world-class products, solutions, and service, drive continuous improvement through the deployment of the Hillenbrand Operating Model HOM ), and effectively deploy our cash flow to maximize shareholder value creation. 
 
 Driving Long-Term Growth 
 
 Our growth is driven by several key factors, including: 
 Our leading positions in large, attractive end markets that are supported by long-term macro demand trends, including the expanding global middle class, the desire for more sustainable products and solutions, and the evolution of the global supply chain; 
 Our strong global footprint and large installed base, which supports profitable aftermarket expansion; and 
 A disciplined mergers and acquisitions framework that accelerates our growth with a focus on leading brands that enhance our technological capabilities and build scale in key end markets or geographies. 
 
 The Hillenbrand Operating Model 
 
 Our continuous improvement culture is fueled by the HOM. The HOM is a consistent and repeatable framework designed to produce sustainable and predictable results. The HOM describes the Company s Purpose, mission, vision, values, and mindset as leaders; applies our management practices in Strategy, People, Operational Excellence, and Innovation Technology; and prescribes four steps (Understand, Focus, Execute, and Grow) designed to make the Company s businesses deliver sustainable revenue expansion, profit growth, and substantial free cash flow. The Company s goal is to continue developing Hillenbrand as a world-class global industrial company through the deployment of the HOM to drive product innovation, best-in-class pricing and commercial practices, and margin enhancement through productivity and integration-related synergy realization. 
 
 Sustainability 
 
 Hillenbrand s sustainability program is overseen by the Board of Directors. The Chief Sustainability Officer, who reports directly to Hillenbrand s President and CEO, also reports quarterly to the Board s Nominating Corporate Governance Committee on the progress of our sustainability program, as driven by our Sustainability Steering Committee. This committee consists of executive leaders from across the organization with diverse functional expertise who meet quarterly to review strategies, action plans, and key performance indicators and to make key decisions about the sustainability program, forming a critical path for the flow of information between the operating locations and the Hillenbrand Board of Directors. In this way, sustainability has become a shared commitment that is embedded in all stages of our processes and all levels of our organization. 
 
 The HOM pushes us to deliver excellence through a consistent framework and key management practices. Since the establishment of our sustainability program, we have leveraged our HOM to drive sustainability performance in our operations throughout the Company, and we expect to continue developing this part of our strategy as we grow in our sustainability practice. Among other things, we believe climate change will require meaningful action on a global scale, and we expect that further developing our understanding of our energy consumption and emissions will be an important part of examining the challenges posed by climate change. To date, our costs relating to addressing climate change have not been material; however, we have taken steps to better understand the risks and opportunities that climate change poses to our business and those risks and opportunities that result from our business. This includes aligning with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (the TCFD ), which forms the basis of many upcoming global regulations and provides a standardized approach to reporting on and disclosing climate-related risks and opportunities. Assessing these potential risks including market risks, extreme weather events, regulatory and policy constraints, cost of energy, and supply chain disruption improves our ability to be proactive in mitigating and minimizing any adverse effects. Conversely, assessing potential opportunities such as product innovation, market expansion, new technologies, and supply chain optimization allows us to maximize the benefit to our customers and shareholders and continually grow our potential as a pure-play industrial company. The TCFD Report can be found on our website under the Sustainability section of our website at www.hillenbrand.com. 
 
 Sustainability is an integral part of our business strategy, and we lead our industries by delivering innovative products and solutions that help address today s challenges and tomorrow s needs. Innovation, new product development, and strategic acquisitions help support our success in key end markets, and we are dedicated to maximizing customer value, focusing on 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 efficiency, and driving continuous improvement through HOM, all of which contribute to our operational excellence. Through innovation, we support the advancement of our customers sustainability goals, and we seek to better understand their needs and develop solutions through our extensive applications expertise. We achieve this by developing equipment and solutions designed to minimize impact on the environment by promoting sustainable energy and water use, optimizing material use, and reducing emissions. Our operating locations also partner with customers to extend a product s lifespan through recommended and preventative maintenance, and our aftermarket services demonstrate how we take responsibility for the full life cycle of our products. This includes looking at the total cost of ownership, how to be more effective with energy use, and how to help align services with their sustainability goals. Guided by customer needs, Hillenbrand aims to create solutions that expedite progress towards a sustainable future. 
 
 Capital Allocation Framework 
 
 Our capital allocation framework is built around three core priorities in the following order: 
 
 Safety and financial sustainability 
 Maintaining adequate liquidity to support and sustain our ongoing operations; 
 Maintaining an appropriate capital structure with a net debt to consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation, and amortization adjusted EBITDA target range of 1.7x to 2.7x. 
 Growing our business 
 Reinvesting in the business organically to drive innovation, growth, and operating efficiency; 
 Enhancing our growth with strategic acquisitions that expand our technological capabilities, accelerate scale in key end markets or geographies, and provide an appropriate return for our shareholders 
 Return capital 
 Providing cash return to our shareholders through our dividend; 
 Opportunistic share repurchases to return capital to our shareholders. 
 
 We intend to continue to prioritize cash flow deployment to pay down debt, invest in organic initiatives for growth and operating efficiencies, as well as integration-related activities. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Purpose and Core Values 
 
 Purpose remains our clear foundation. It is the why behind everything we do. Purpose shapes the actions we take, the business decisions we make, and how we think about sustainability. Our employees are at the center of everything we do because without them, we can t move the world forward. They are the designers, engineers, manufacturers, makers, and shapers that bring our products and brands to life and strengthen our communities. 
 
 Hillenbrand employees around the world are united by a shared Purpose to Shape What Matters For Tomorrow. Each of our Core Values Win As One, Partner With Possibility, Make It Matter, and Drive To Deliver helps activate our Purpose, guides our decision-making, and continually challenges us to be better. 
 
 We remain focused on bringing our Purpose to life locally through our daily practices. Purpose and Core Values are an important part of our onboarding as we welcome new employees and integrate new companies. We connect the new capabilities and experiences of these companies to our shared Purpose. As we continue to grow as a company, living out our Purpose empowers us to better serve one another, our communities, and our customers while we continue to pursue exceptional performance and long-term shareholder value. 
 
 As we commit to our Purpose, together, we strive to ensuring a respectful and inclusive culture that enables career growth, development, and support for well-being. We are steadfast in our commitment to building a purpose-driven workplace where our people understand our mission and are empowered to achieve their full potential in support of it. 
 
 People 
 
 People are a key pillar of the HOM, and our talent management philosophy is to develop and promote internal employees and supplement with external hires where we require new or different skills and capabilities. This approach has yielded a deep understanding among our employee base of our products and our customers, while encouraging new employees to bring innovative ideas in support of our continuous improvement mindset. We believe that our average employee tenure across the globe 10.4 years as of the end of the fiscal year 2024 reflects the high engagement and dedication of our employees. Our 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 talent acquisition team uses internal and external resources to recruit highly skilled and talented employees, and we encourage employee referrals for open positions. 
 
 Once employees are hired, performance expectations are established and tracked annually. Additionally, development plans are created and monitored for critical roles to ensure progress is made along established timelines. Development plans also intersect with our mission, helping us increase our commitment to serve the needs of the local communities in which we operate, while simultaneously providing leadership development opportunities for our employees. Effectively managing employee performance and linking pay to performance management is a critical part of our approach. 
 
 We transformed across the Company reshaping our portfolio into a pure-play industrial company with the divestiture of our historical Batesville reportable operating segment in fiscal 2023. We welcomed employees from around the world, each contributing their knowledge and skills to shape the Company. We focused on supporting our employees while encouraging them to grow and contribute to the business in meaningful ways. We continue to enhance the experience through the ways we develop and promote our talented employees. 
 
 Our culture is underpinned by a track record of performance and innovation. We standardized our global performance management approach along with employee driven and manager supported development tools. We remain committed to growing the skills we need to be successful today and continue to innovate for tomorrow. 
 
 Workplace Demographics 
 
 Hillenbrand is committed to the growth of our employees by developing talent and building a growth-minded culture. We believe our employees give us the strength and skills to compete, and we must in turn help our employees reach their potential. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 10,450 employees worldwide. Approximately 3,000 employees were located within the United States U.S. and 7,450 employees were located outside of the U.S., primarily throughout Europe and Asia. Approximately 51 of our workforce globally is composed of manufacturing direct labor, and the remaining population includes all other selling, general, and administrative professional employees. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 3,350 employees globally work under collective bargaining agreements or works councils. Hillenbrand strives to maintain satisfactory relationships with all its employees, including the unions and works councils representing those employees. As a result, we have not experienced a significant work stoppage due to labor relations in more than 20 years. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 The health and safety of our employees is our highest priority. We have developed a Safety Framework that sets the foundational safety standards and expectations for every one of our associates, whether sitting at a desk or working on the plant floor. Maintaining a safe working environment for our associates is critical; setting standards, structure, systems, and a safety culture has been a primary focus. This work has been led by a coalition of Environment, Health, and Safety EHS and other professionals. This group, under the direction of our Global EHS Director, leads our safety strategy, has oversight for EHS data collection, and drives training and awareness on safety and other key topics throughout our enterprise. Safety data can be found in our Sustainability Report. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DEI at Hillenbrand is embedded in how we live and work and is part of our Core Values. By listening and acting with respect, embracing our individuality, and trusting in each other s strengths, we create an inclusive culture that brings our Purpose to life. We continue to focus on making meaningful progress in our DEI journey, including by embedding DEI into our talent practices by focusing on qualified diverse slates of candidates for manager through senior leadership positions in the U.S. and assessing the diversity of succession plans for pipeline development. Additionally, in 2024, leaders at director level and above committed to a leadership goal related to sustainability progress as part of their annual performance goal setting. 
 
 We also engage the diverse perspectives of our employees through Business Resource Groups BRGs ). The BRG leaders and members championed celebrations and observances, led personal and professional development sessions, and provided education and awareness about their communities to our employees. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We also hold ourselves accountable through measurement and transparency, including sharing our diversity, equity, and inclusion progress regularly with our Board of Directors and publicly disclosing our global gender and U.S. ethnically diverse representation in our annual Sustainability Report. 
 
 Total Rewards 
 
 Hillenbrand offers rewards programs focused on supporting employees and their families as they navigate work and life. Hillenbrand s programs are designed to ensure employees are effectively compensated in terms of base salary, incentive compensation, and other benefits that support the health and wellness of themselves and their families. While specific compensation and benefits vary worldwide and are based on regional practices, we offer market-competitive compensation and benefits to retain and attract top talent. Our compensation programs focus on pay for performance, and we strive to pay within pay ranges developed based on market data and internal pay equity. We focus many benefit programs on employee wellness and have implemented solutions including a biometric screening program, mental health support, and telemedicine. We believe that these solutions have helped us successfully manage healthcare and prescription drug costs for our employee population. 
 
 Hillenbrand believes in supporting employee s mental health in addition to physical well-being. Mental health care is a covered service under all U.S. company medical plans, including inpatient care facility services, inpatient professional services, office visits, and outpatient care. 
 
 Hillenbrand recognizes the importance of preparing for retirement. Employees are encouraged to participate in their own retirement savings where available. In the U.S., most employees are eligible to participate in company 401(k) savings plans. 
 
 Outside of the U.S., Hillenbrand offers an array of benefits to support employees and their families. These include benefits such as paid leaves of absence, medical insurance, disability coverage and life insurance, among others. 
 
 Hillenbrand is committed to attracting, developing, engaging, and retaining the best people from around the world to make our businesses run and grow. In everything we do, we strive to provide great professional opportunities for our people and recognize the critical role our human capital plays in supporting our strategy. 
 
 As Hillenbrand acquires companies, it will take time to integrate them into our overall programs. Recently acquired companies are at varying stages of implementation as of September 30, 2024. 

REPORTABLE OPERATING SEGMENTS 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions designs, engineers, manufactures, markets, and services differentiated process and material handling equipment and systems for a wide variety of industries, including plastics, food and pharmaceuticals, chemicals, fertilizers, minerals, energy, recycling, and other general industrials. Advanced Process Solutions uses its strong applications and process engineering expertise to solve problems for customers. Its highly engineered capital equipment and systems offerings require aftermarket service or parts replacement, providing an opportunity for ongoing revenue at attractive margins. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions: Products and Services 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions product portfolio has grown through a series of acquisitions and includes products and services for compounding, extrusion, material handling, conveying, mixing, ingredient automation, portion process, and screening and separating equipment. Advanced Process Solutions product lines are supported by aftermarket parts and services, which represented approximately 33 of Advanced Process Solutions total net revenue during fiscal 2024. Products are offered under brand names that are recognized as leaders in their respective categories. 
 
 Compounding, extrusion, and material handling equipment and equipment system design 
 
 Twin screw compounding and extrusion machines range from small laboratory compounding machines to high performance, high throughput extrusion systems. Small and mid-sized compounders are used by customers in engineered plastics, masterbatch, PVC, recycling, biodegradable products, and other applications for the plastics, chemical, food, and pharmaceutical industries. With the acquisition of FPM in 2023, the Company now offers broader application solutions to support these industries. Extrusion systems are sold to customers in multiple industries. These extrusion products are sold under the Coperion brand. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Material handling equipment includes pneumatic and hydraulic conveying equipment for difficult-to-move materials; high-precision feeders that can operate at both very high and very low fill rates; blenders for pellets and powders; and rotary valves, diverter valves, and slide-gate valves used for feeding, dosing, discharge, and distribution during pneumatic conveying. The proprietary equipment is highly engineered and designed to solve the needs of customers for customized solutions. Material handling equipment is sold to a variety of industries, including plastics, food and pharmaceuticals, chemicals, minerals, and recycling. With the acquisition of FPM in 2023, the Company offers expanded material handling capabilities in each of these industries. These products are sold under the Coperion , Coperion K-Tron , and Herbold brands. 
 Compounding, extrusion, and material handling equipment can be sold as a complete system, where strong application and process engineering expertise is used to design and create a broad system solution for customers. Systems can range from a single manufacturing line to large scale manufacturing lines and turnkey systems. Larger system sales are generally fulfilled over 18 to 24 months. A considerable portion of revenue for large system sales typically comes from third-party-sourced products that carry only a small up-charge. As a result, margin percentages tend to be lower on these large system sales when compared to the rest of the reportable operating segment. The Company offers complete, innovative recycling solutions. From mechanical processing shredding, washing, separating, drying, and agglomerating of plastics to bulk material handling, feeding and extrusion, as well as compounding and pelletizing, our recycling product offering encompasses the complete process chain. With the acquisition of FPM in 2023, the Company offers end-to-end systems and full production line capabilities, as well as broader expertise in food and pet food applications. These products are sold under the Coperion and Herbold brands. 
 
 Mixing technology, ingredient automation, and portion process 
 
 Mixing machines for both solids and liquids range from small laboratory mixers to large industrial equipment. These products are primarily sold under the VMI, Shaffer, Peerless, and Diosna brands. Ingredient automation provides complete systems for bulk ingredient storage, micro automation, liquid handling, and process control. These products are primarily sold under the Shick Esteve brand. Portion process provides processing equipment, portioning, and equipment solutions. These products are primarily sold under Unifiller and BAKON brands. Primary industries served include food, pharmaceutical, and cosmetics. 
 
 Screening and separating equipment 
 
 Screening and separating equipment sorts dry, granular products based on the size of the particles being processed. These products are sold under the Rotex and BM M brands to customers in a variety of industries including proppants, fertilizers, chemicals, agricultural goods, plastics, forest products, and food processing. A majority of the products use a unique technology based on a specific gyratory-reciprocating motion that provides an optimal material distribution on the screens, gentle handling of particles, and accurate separations. 
 
 Aftermarket parts and service 
 
 Aftermarket parts and service are a major component of most of Advanced Process Solutions product lines. Service engineers and technicians are located around the globe to better respond to customers machines and systems service needs. Advanced Process Solutions offers its customers services such as installation, consulting, training, maintenance and repairs, spare parts, and modernization solutions. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions: Sales, Distribution, and Operations 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions sells equipment and systems throughout the world using a combination of direct sales and a global network of independent sales representatives and distributors. A part of Advanced Process Solutions sales is made through independent sales representatives who are compensated by commission. 
 
 Equipment and systems orders are often for unique, engineered-to-order items. Products are either assembled and tested at an Advanced Process Solutions facility and then shipped to a customer or are assembled at the customer s desired location. 
 
 We expect that future net revenue associated with Advanced Process Solutions will be influenced by order backlog because of the lead time involved in fulfilling engineered-to-order equipment and solutions for customers. Backlog represents the amount of net revenue that we expect to realize on contracts awarded to Advanced Process Solutions. Though backlog can be an 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 indicator of future net revenue, it does not include projects and aftermarket orders that are booked and shipped within the same quarter. The timing of order placement, size of order, extent of customization, and customer delivery dates can create fluctuations in backlog and net revenue. Net revenue attributable to backlog may also be affected by foreign exchange fluctuations for orders denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars or by provisions for cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the customer. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions: Customers 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions has customers in a wide range of industries, including plastics, food and pharmaceuticals, chemicals, fertilizers, minerals, and recycling. These customers range from large, Fortune 500 global companies to regional and local businesses. No one Advanced Process Solutions customer accounted for more than 10 of Hillenbrand s consolidated net revenue during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, or 2022. For large or customized orders, customers generally pay a deposit and make progress payments in accordance with the project progress. Often, long-term relationships are established with these customers. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions net revenue is diversified by end markets, and further penetration of these end markets is an important element of its strategy. Geographically, approximately 46 of Advanced Process Solutions net revenue in fiscal 2024 came from the Americas, 25 from Asia, and 29 from EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa). 
 
 We believe that long-term growth for this segment is driven by megatrends such as a rapidly growing middle class in certain geographies, such as China and India and a growing global population, resulting in rising demand for products sold in many of the end markets that Advanced Process Solutions serves, including plastic goods, food, and recycling. These trends include increased use of lightweight plastics in the automotive industry which helps reduce emissions; more effective packaging in emerging markets to improve food shelf life, freshness, and safety; increased consumption of processed foods in emerging markets; innovation in a variety of applications in the medical space designed to improve safety, drug and therapy delivery, and durability; increased use of engineered plastics in construction that are more durable, lightweight and require little maintenance; increased use of biopolymers to help meet customer content goals; and more sustainable food sources such as plant-based proteins. Additionally, we expect Advanced Process Solutions to be able to leverage its technical know-how to win in emerging end markets such as recycling and biodegradable plastics. While overall demand for these products is expected to increase over the long run, we expect short-term periodic fluctuations in demand from time-to-time. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions: Competition 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions holds leading positions in key industries and has strong brand name recognition because of its commitment to serving the broad needs of customers through the design and quality of products, extensive application and process engineering expertise, product support services, and its unique ability to provide compounding, extrusion, and material handling equipment as a complete system that optimizes output, quality, and energy efficiency to achieve a lower overall cost of ownership for its customers. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions brands face strong competition. Competitors range in size from small, privately-held companies serving narrow market segments or geographical areas to larger, well-known global companies serving national and international markets with multiple product lines. We believe Advanced Process Solutions diversification into multiple industries and markets, its base of aftermarket business, and its strong worldwide network of suppliers and dealers will allow it to maintain leadership positions even during economic downturns. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions: Raw and Component Materials 
 
 The manufacturing of Advanced Process Solutions products involves the machining and welding of raw materials (primarily sheet metals and steel) and castings that are assembled with other component parts purchased from third-party suppliers that generally require particular specifications or qualifications. Although most of these raw materials and components are generally available from several sources, some of these items are currently purchased from single sources. Volatility in the prices Advanced Process Solutions pays for raw materials used in its products has a direct effect on profitability. Advanced Process Solutions regularly takes steps designed to mitigate the impact of volatility in raw and component material prices, including executing Lean initiatives through the application of HOM and various pricing and sourcing actions. In instances where third-party suppliers are depended upon for outsourced products or components, there is risk of customer dissatisfaction with the quality or performance of the products sold due to supplier failure. Difficulties experienced by third-party suppliers can interrupt Advanced Process Solutions ability to obtain the outsourced product and ultimately to supply products to customers. While global supply chains have recently suffered from various headwinds, those supporting our products have 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 generally remained intact, providing access to sufficient inventory of the key materials needed for manufacturing. Advanced Process Solutions continues to identify and qualify alternative sources to mitigate risk associated to single or sole source supply continuity, and has and may continue to purchase certain materials in safety stock where we have supply chain continuity concerns. See Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for a more in-depth discussion of Risk Factors that could impact Advanced Process Solutions ability to fulfill customer obligations. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions: Strategy 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions seeks profitable growth through the following strategic initiatives: 
 
 Strengthen leadership positions and build targeted platforms 
 
 Grow platforms to critical mass to achieve benefits of leadership and scale in attractive end markets organically and through acquisitions. 
 Capitalize on emerging trends in end markets such as food, recycling, and biopolymers. 
 Leverage global footprint to provide leading aftermarket support to customers. 
 
 Drive innovation and new product development 
 
 Provide innovative product and service solutions to solve customers challenges. 
 Extend applications expertise to win in adjacent markets with high growth potential. 
 Develop new products driven by voice of customer input and changing needs. 
 Provide value-added end-to-end solutions from individual components to integrated systems. 
 
 Leverage HOM to drive margin expansion and profitable growth 
 
 Apply HOM principles and tools, including voice of customer and segmentation, for profitable growth. 
 Drive best-in-class lead times to grow share in aftermarket business. 
 Implement strategic supplier relationships to improve cost and quality. 
 Enhance productivity through process standardization. 

Molding Technology Solutions 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions is a global leader in highly-engineered equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and service for the plastic technology processing industry. Molding Technology Solutions has a comprehensive product portfolio that includes injection molding and extrusion equipment, hot runner systems, process control systems, mold bases and components, and MRO supplies. The product lines within Molding Technology Solutions have strong brand recognition and an established global footprint, and we believe are well-positioned to benefit from continued robust industry growth in both developed and emerging markets. Molding Technology Solutions breadth of products, long history, and global reach have resulted in a large installed base of plastic processing equipment and hot runner systems. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions: Products and Services 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions has a product portfolio that includes injection molding and extrusion equipment as well as hot runner systems and process controller technology. Molding Technology Solutions maintains leadership positions across these product lines, as well as leading positions in process control systems, mold bases and components, and MRO supplies. The Molding Technology Solutions product lines are supported by aftermarket parts and services, which represented approximately 38 of Molding Technology Solutions total net revenue during fiscal 2024. Products are offered under brand names that are recognized as being among the leaders in their respective industries. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Injection molding and extrusion equipment 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions designs, manufactures and sells plastic processing equipment and systems, which include injection molding, extrusion and auxiliary systems. This equipment is sold under the Milacron brand to a diverse set of customers, including companies in the automotive, consumer goods, electronics, construction, medical, and packaging end markets. 
 
 Hot runner and process control systems 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions designs, manufactures and sells highly-engineered, technically advanced hot runner and process control systems. Hot runner and controller systems are sold under the Mold-Masters brand and designed for each product a customer manufactures on an injection molding machine. Hot runner systems are end product-specific and replaced frequently due to design changes and innovation in customers end products, with a typical aftermarket cycle of one to five years. Recurring sales are supported by a large installed base of hot runner systems worldwide. 
 
 Mold bases and components 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions designs, manufactures, and sells high-quality mold bases and plates available in various configurations to meet the needs of customers for a variety of applications under the DME brand. Pre-engineered assemblies, plates and components provide the economic and technical benefits of interchangeability. 
 
 Aftermarket parts and service 
 
 Aftermarket parts and service are a major component of most of the Molding Technology Solutions product lines. Service engineers and technicians are located around the globe to better respond to customers machines and systems service needs. Molding Technology Solutions offers its customers service, consulting, training, maintenance and repairs, spare parts, and retrofits and rebuilds. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions: Sales, Distribution, and Operations 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions sells equipment and systems throughout the world using a combination of direct sales and a global network of independent sales representatives and distributors. A part of Molding Technology Solutions sales is made through independent sales representatives who are compensated by commission. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions does not typically have long-term supply agreements with customers, and terms are generally negotiated on an individual order basis. Pricing is set at the time of order, typically on a customized basis for each product. Raw materials and component purchases are managed based on order trends and mid-term contracts with strategic vendors, allowing Molding Technology Solutions to partially mitigate the risk of short-term changes in raw material and components pricing. The majority of hot runner and mold base equipment orders are fulfilled within three months. Injection molding and extrusion equipment orders are generally fulfilled within twelve months, but we expect some future net revenue associated with injection molding and extrusion equipment will be influenced by order backlog because of the lead time in fulfilling some engineered-to-order products. Backlog represents the amount of net revenue that we expect to realize on contracts awarded to Molding Technology Solutions. Though backlog can be an indicator of future net revenue, it does not include projects and aftermarket parts orders that are booked and shipped within the same quarter. The timing of order placement, size of order, extent of customization, and customer delivery dates can create fluctuations in backlog and net revenue. Net revenue attributable to backlog may also be affected by foreign exchange fluctuations for orders denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, or by provisions for cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the customer. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions: Customers 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions has customers in a wide range of industries, including automotive, medical, consumer goods, packaging, construction, and electronics. These customers range from large, Fortune 500 global companies to regional and local businesses, including original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), molders and mold-makers. Molding Technology Solutions has long-standing relationships with its largest customers, having served many of them for over 30 years. No one Molding Technology Solutions customer accounted for more than 10 of Hillenbrand s consolidated net revenue during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, or 2022. Customers purchasing injection molding or extrusion machines generally pay a deposit and make progress payments prior to shipment. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Molding Technology Solutions net revenue is further diversified by end markets, and continued expansion into these end markets is an important element of its strategy. Geographically, approximately 54 of Molding Technology Solutions net revenue in fiscal 2024 came from the Americas, 29 from Asia, and 17 from EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa). 
 
 Global population growth, coupled with continued urbanization, increased purchasing power and improved lifestyle in emerging markets and technical innovation has resulted in greater demand for a broad range of finished plastic products in many segments of the economy, including automotive, medical, construction, and consumer products. We believe Molding Technology Solutions strong global presence positions it well to benefit from this growth. Molding Technology Solutions has made significant investments in China and India in order to capitalize on the projected growth in plastics in these markets. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions: Competition 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions holds leading positions in key industries because of design and quality of products, extensive application and process engineering expertise, product support services, brand name recognition, and commitment to serving the broad needs of its customers. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions brands face strong competition in the markets where they compete. Competitors range in size from small, privately-held companies serving niche industries or geographical areas to larger, well-known global companies serving national and international markets with multiple product lines. We believe Molding Technology Solutions leading product quality and design inclusion in a number of flagship products, diversification into multiple industries and markets, its base of aftermarket parts business, and its strong worldwide network of suppliers and dealers will allow it to maintain leadership positions even during economic downturns. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions: Raw and Component Materials 
 
 Steel, which Molding Technology Solutions sources both directly and indirectly through its component suppliers, is the primary material used in the manufacturing of its products. Molding Technology Solutions does not enter into derivative financial instruments to hedge its commodity price risk but it does have some long-term supply contracts with key suppliers. Molding Technology Solutions has developed a global network of reliable, low-cost suppliers in order to secure its supply needs. Difficulties experienced by third-party suppliers can interrupt Molding Technology Solutions ability to obtain materials or components and ultimately to supply products to customers. While global supply chains have recently suffered from various headwinds, those supporting Molding Technology Solutions products have generally remained intact, providing access to sufficient inventory of the key materials needed for manufacturing. However, Molding Technology Solutions has experienced significant delays of certain raw materials and components, but has largely been able to mitigate the impact on our consolidated results of operations. Molding Technology Solutions continues to identify and qualify alternative sources to mitigate risk associated to single or sole source supply continuity, and has and may continue to purchase certain materials in safety stock where there are supply chain continuity concerns. 
 
 Volatility in the prices Molding Technology Solutions pays for raw materials used in its products, including sheet metals and steel, has a direct effect on profitability. Molding Technology Solutions regularly takes steps designed to mitigate the impact of volatility in raw and component material prices, including executing Lean initiatives and various pricing and sourcing actions. Where possible, Molding Technology Solutions seeks alternative sources and, in some situations, is able to reformulate product with alternative materials without impacting performance, environmental, and health and safety features. We believe that Molding Technology Solutions has taken reasonable steps to mitigate recent increases to these risks. See Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for a more in-depth discussion of Risk Factors that could impact Molding Technology Solutions ability to source the necessary materials to fulfill customer obligations. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions: Strategy 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions seeks to execute its strategy through the following initiatives: 
 
 Strengthen leadership positions in global markets 
 
 Leverage core technologies and applications expertise to expand presence in current end markets. 
 Leverage Hillenbrand s strong positions across the plastics value chain to cross-sell product lines. 
 Expand product offering in key end markets, including emerging markets and new segments such as recycling and biodegradable plastics. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Drive innovation and new product development 
 
 Provide innovative product and service solutions to solve customers challenges, leveraging shared research and development and technology across the enterprise. 
 Develop new products that are focused on solidifying Molding Technology Solutions current market positions and expanding the market through the introduction of technology that displaces other materials, primarily metal and glass. 
 Provide value-added end-to-end solutions from individual components to integrated systems. 
 Enable the customer in key end markets to fulfill sustainability requirements (e.g., reduction of virgin resin). 
 
 Leverage HOM to drive margin expansion and profitable growth 
 
 Apply HOM principles and tools, including voice of customer and segmentation with a goal to drive profitable growth. 
 Leverage Hillenbrand s global footprint and enhance support to customers through the entire lifecycle of their equipment usage to expand sales of aftermarket parts and services. 
 Drive global supply strategy to achieve operating efficiencies to improve cost and quality. 
 Enhance productivity through process standardization. 

HILLENBRAND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 We own a number of patents on our products and manufacturing processes and maintain trade secrets related to manufacturing processes. These are important patents and trade secrets, but we do not believe any single patent or trade secret, or related group of patents or trade secrets is of material significance to our business as a whole. We also own a number of trademarks and service marks relating to products and services which are of importance. We believe the marks Coperion, Coperion K-Tron, K-Tron, Rotex, BM M, Herbold, VMI, Bakon, Shaffer, Peerless, Shick Esteve, Unifiller, DIOSNA, and Coperion Food Equipment brands are material to our Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. We believe the marks Milacron and Mold-Masters are material to our Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment. 
 
 Coperion, Coperion K-Tron, K-Tron, Rotex, BM M, Herbold, VMI, Bakon, Shaffer, Peerless, Shick Esteve, Unifiller, DIOSNA, Milacron, and Mold-Masters, as well as other registered or common law trade names, trademarks or service marks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Hillenbrand or its subsidiaries. Except as set forth above and solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names or service marks in this Form 10-K are generally referred to without the and symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert their rights thereto. 
 
 Our ability to compete effectively depends, to an extent, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our intellectual property. In the past, certain of our products have been copied and sold by others and could continue to be. Hillenbrand vigorously seeks to enforce its intellectual property rights. However, we may not be sufficiently protected by our various patents, trademarks, and service marks, and they may be challenged, invalidated, cancelled, narrowed, or circumvented. Beyond that, we may not receive the pending or contemplated patents, trademarks, or service marks for which we have applied or filed. 
 
 HILLENBRAND REGULATORY MATTERS 
 
 The Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segments are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to environmental, health, and safety concerns, including relating to the handling, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous materials used in or derived from our manufacturing processes. We are committed to operating all our businesses in a manner that protects the environment and makes us good corporate citizens in the communities in which we operate. We have established various cross-functional sustainability working groups, which include top operational leaders and other key team members, to support our sustainability strategy and to facilitate and drive key priorities, including those related to the environment. In addition, we maintain standards for our global suppliers in support of critical environmental policies and other regulatory requirements, and Hillenbrand s Global Supply Management department engages with our suppliers to support compliance with applicable standards and legal requirements. While we believe that continued compliance with current federal, state, local, and foreign laws relating to the protection of the environment and supply chain diligence will not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position, future events or changes in existing laws and regulations or their interpretation may require us to make additional expenditures in the future. The cost or need for any such additional expenditure is not known. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Our Board of Directors is responsible for electing the Company s executive officers annually and from time to time as necessary. Executive officers serve in the ensuing year and until their respective successors are elected and qualified. There are no family relationships between any of our executive officers or between any of them and any members of the Board of Directors. The following is a list of our executive officers as of November 19, 2024. 
 
 Kimberly K. Ryan, 57, has served as a director and as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since December 2021. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Ryan was the Company s Executive Vice President, beginning in June 2021. Prior to that role, she served as President of the Company s Coperion business beginning in September 2015, also overseeing Hillenbrand s Rotex business during part of that period. She previously served as President of the Company s historical Batesville reportable operating segment (death care) beginning in April 2011, at which time she was also named a Senior Vice President of Hillenbrand. Ms. Ryan began her career with Batesville in 1989, holding positions of increasing responsibility within Batesville and the Company s former parent in finance, strategy, operations, logistics, and information technology. 
 
 From 2014 to 2023, Ms. Ryan served on the Board of Directors of Kimball International, Inc., a public manufacturing company Kimball ), including as a member of the Audit Committee. She also served as Kimball s Board Chair from November 2018 to October 2021, during which time she also served on the Compensation Committee and Governance Committee. 
 
 Robert M. VanHimbergen, 48, has been the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2022. Mr. VanHimbergen joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Finance for a transition period in March 2022 from Johnson Controls International plc Johnson Controls ), a manufacturer of HVAC systems, security solutions, fire protection, and smart building technologies, where he was most recently Vice President, Corporate Controller beginning December 2017. Prior to that he served in various roles of increasing responsibility over approximately 15 years at Johnson Controls, including as Chief Financial Officer of Yangfeng Automotive Interiors in Shanghai, China, where he lived for five years. Prior to Johnson Controls, Mr. VanHimbergen spent nearly a decade at Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP working with large multinational manufacturing companies. Since October 2015, Mr. VanHimbergen served on the Board of Directors of Ascension Wisconsin Foundation, where he was the Board Chair from 2017 to 2023, and he has served as the Board Chair of Ascension SE Wisconsin since 2017. 
 
 Aneesha Arora, 46, has served as the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2022. She brings to this role more than two decades of diverse experience in human resources across multiple industries. Prior to joining Hillenbrand, Ms. Arora was Vice President of Global HR Services for Honeywell International Inc. Honeywell ), a diversified technology and manufacturing company, from October 2019 through December 2021. Prior to that, she served as Vice President, Global Human Resources and Communications, Safety and Productivity Solutions at Honeywell from November 2016 to October 2019. Since September 2020, Ms. Arora has also served on the Board of Advisors of the Michigan State University School of Human Resources and Labor Relations. 
 
 Ulrich Bartel, 64, was appointed President of the Company s Coperion business and Senior Vice President of Hillenbrand in June 2021. Since June 2022, he has also served as President of Advanced Process Solutions, in which role he also oversees the Company s Rotex business. Prior to these roles, Mr. Bartel served as President of Coperion s Polymer Division from March 2020 to June 2021 and as Coperion s Vice President of Compounding Machines from October 2013 to February 2020. Mr. Bartel began his career at Coperion in 1990 as a process engineer, holding positions of increasing responsibility within Coperion in sales, service, process technology, engineering, manufacturing, and research. 
 
 Nicholas R. Farrell, 45, is the Company s Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary. He has served as General Counsel and Secretary since 2015 and also served as the Company s Chief Compliance Officer from 2016 until 2023. Mr. Farrell began his career with the Company in 2011 as Corporate and Securities Counsel, and in 2014 was named Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to joining Hillenbrand, Mr. Farrell was in private practice for six years with global law firm Troutman Pepper. Mr. Farrell is also Chair of the Board of Trustees of Cure SMA, an international not-for-profit organization committed to developing a treatment and cure for spinal muscular atrophy, the number one genetic cause of death for infants. 
 
 Tamara Morytko, 53 , was appointed Senior Vice President of Hillenbrand and President, Molding Technology Solutions in September 2023. Ms. Morytko has more than two decades of leadership in regional and global business operations. In August 2024, she was appointed interim Senior Vice President of Operations Center Of Excellence and Hillenbrand Operating Model, in an additional capacity. Prior to joining Hillenbrand, she served most recently as President of the Pumps Division at 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Flowserve Corporation, a manufacturer of pumps, valves, and seals, beginning in September 2020. Prior to that role, she served as Chief Operating Officer of Norsk Titanium, an aerospace-grade components manufacturer, beginning in February 2018, and previously held positions of increasing responsibility in finance, general management, and supply chain leadership, including at Baker Hughes (energy technology) and Pratt Whitney (aircraft engines). She began her career as an auditor at accounting firm Arthur Andersen LLP. From May 2019 through December 2022, Ms. Morytko served on the board for The Crosby Group (rigging, lifting, and material handling applications), a KKR company, as well as Pioneer Energy Services (oilfield services applications), a former publicly traded company. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of EnerSys (stored energy solutions for industrial applications), a position she has held since December 2022, including as a member of its Compensation and Audit Committees. In November 2024, Ms. Morytko became a Trustee of the Board for Harpswell Foundation, a young woman leadership building organization that empowers young women to live impactful lives, and joined its Finance and Strategic Committees. 
 
 Carole A. Phillips, 53, became the Company s Senior Vice President, Chief Procurement Officer in January 2023. Ms. Phillips joined the Company as Vice President, Procurement for a transition period beginning September 2022, from Stanley Black Decker Stanley ), a global provider of power and hand tools, mechanical access solutions, and electronic monitoring systems, where she was most recently Vice President, Global Supply Management M A, Integrations, and Divestitures (from July 2021). Prior to that role, Ms. Phillips served at Stanley as Vice President, Global Supply Management Outdoor (from October 2019 to July 2021) and Vice President, Global Supply Management Industrial Division (from January 2015 to October 2019), as part of more than 25 years of experience in global manufacturing environments, including 17 years with Stanley. 
 
 Bhavik N. Soni, 51, was elected Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer effective January 2023, prior to which he served as Vice President, Chief Information Officer beginning May 2017. Mr. Soni joined the Company from Honda Aircraft Company, a jet airplane manufacturer, where he served as Chief Information Officer IT Engineering Systems Division from 2015 to 2017. Prior to that, he served as Chief Information Officer for Artificial Lift, GE Oil Gas at General Electric Company GE ), an energy technology company, from 2013 to 2015, preceded by fifteen years in other information technology related roles of increasing responsibility at GE. Mr. Soni s experience prior to GE included software engineering roles at Rockwell Collins, Inc. (aerospace) and General Dynamics Corporation (aerospace and defense). 
 
 J. Michael Whitted, 52 , was elected Senior Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development effective June 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Whitted served as Vice President, Corporate Development for SPX Corporation and SPX Flow, Inc., diversified global suppliers of infrastructure equipment to various industries, from 2001 to 2015. Prior to that, he served as a Vice President for Bear Stearns from 1998 to 2001, where he led corporate finance and M A advisory transactions. Mr. Whitted s experience prior to Bear Stearns included corporate finance and M A advisory roles at CIBC World Markets, Bankers Trust, and First Chicago NBD. 
 
 Megan A. Walke, 45, was elected Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer in May 2022. Prior to that time, she served as the Company s Director, Financial Reporting since August 2014 and prior to that in roles of increasing responsibility in the Company s finance organization. Ms. Walke began her career with nearly a decade in public accounting at the firm of Ernst and Young LLP. She served as a member of the Board of Trustees of Oldenburg Academy, a private high school in Indiana, from 2013 to 2024. Ms. Walke also has served on the board of the Ripley County Community Foundation since February 2023. 

AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Our website is www.hillenbrand.com. We make available on this website, free of charge, access to press releases, conference calls, our annual and quarterly reports, and other documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are filed or furnished. We also make available through the Investors section of this website information related to the corporate governance of the Company, including position specifications for the Chairperson and each of the members of the Board of Directors, as well as for committee chairpersons and vice chairpersons; the Corporate Governance Standards of our Board of Directors; the charters of each of the standing committees of the Board of Directors; our Code of Ethical Business Conduct; our Global Anti-Corruption Policy; and our Supply Chain Transparency Policy. All of these documents are also available to shareholders in print upon request. 
 
 All reports and documents filed with the SEC are also available via the SEC website, www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In this section of the Form 10-K, we describe the risks we believe are most important for you to think about when you consider investing in, selling, or owning our securities. This information should be assessed along with the other information we provide you in this Form 10-K and that we file from time to time with the SEC. Like most companies, our business involves risks. The risks described below are not the only risks we face, but these are the ones we currently think have the potential to significantly 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 affect stakeholders in our Company if they were to develop adversely (due to size, volatility, or both). We exclude risks that we believe are inherent in all businesses broadly as a function of simply being in business. Additional risks not currently known or considered immaterial by us at this time and thus not listed below could also result in adverse effects on our business. 
 
 1. Global market and economic conditions, including those related to the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 Our business is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the United States. Instability in the global economy and financial markets can adversely affect our business in several ways, including limiting our customers ability to obtain sufficient credit or to pay for our products within the terms of sale. Competition could further intensify among the manufacturers and distributors with whom we compete for volume and market share, resulting in lower net revenue due to steeper discounts and product mix-down. In addition, if certain key or sole suppliers were to become capacity constrained or insolvent, it could result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies. 
 
 2. We may be unable to successfully integrate with the businesses of FPM or Linxis, or other acquired companies, or to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. 
 
 The successes of these acquisitions will depend, in part, on the Company s ability to successfully combine and integrate these and other acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, revenue and innovation opportunities, and operational efficiencies, in a manner that does not materially disrupt existing customer, supplier, and employee relations, or result in decreased revenue due to losses of, or decreases in orders by, customers. If the Company is unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, and the value of the Company s common stock may decline. 
 The integration of these companies may result in material challenges, including, but without limitation: 
 
 the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business concerns, and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management s attention to the integration; 
 managing a larger combined business; 
 maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; 
 retaining existing business and operational relationships, including customers, suppliers and other counterparties, and attracting new business and operational relationships; 
 the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process; 
 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations; 
 coordinating geographically separate organizations; and 
 unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems. 
 
 As discussed elsewhere in our risk factors, some of these factors are outside of the Company s control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected net revenue or synergies, and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially affect our financial position, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 We have incurred substantial expenses in connection with the completion of the acquisitions of FPM and Linxis, and we expect to incur further expenses in order to integrate a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies, and systems in connection with these acquisitions. 
 
 3. Increasing competition for highly skilled and talented workers, as well as labor shortages, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The successful implementation of our business strategy depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain a skilled and talented workforce. Because of the complex nature of many of our products and services, we are generally dependent on a thoroughly trained and highly skilled workforce, including, for example, our engineers. In many of the geographies where we operate, we face a potential shortage of qualified employees. 
 A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs, including high employment levels, and government regulations. Although we have not experienced any material labor shortages to date, the labor market has become increasingly competitive. The increasing competition for highly skilled and talented employees could result in higher compensation costs, difficulties in maintaining a capable workforce, and leadership succession planning challenges. Although we believe we will be able to attract and retain talented personnel and replace key personnel should the need arise, if 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. A sustained labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, or increased turnover or labor inflation could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, which could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business and have other material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
 4. Sustainability-related regulations could adversely impact the Company's reputation, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 Sustainability-related regulations could require the Company to change its manufacturing processes or obtain substitute materials that may cost more or be less available for its manufacturing operations. For example, various jurisdictions in which the Company does business have implemented, or in the future could implement or amend, a tax on carbon emissions or restrictions of greenhouse gases. Regulations on energy management and material management and other rules and regulations to address climate change and other sustainability-related risks may increase the Company s expenses and adversely affect its consolidated results of operations. Any future increased regulatory activity relating to these matters could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that the Company is required to control, assess, and report. If environmental laws or sustainability regulations or industry standards are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company, this could impact suppliers, customers, products, or consolidated results of operations. Further, any failure to comply with sustainability-related regulations with respect to environment, supply chain, or governance matters may adversely impact our reputation, business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 5. The performance of the Company may suffer from business disruptions associated with information technology, cyber-attacks or unauthorized access, or catastrophic losses affecting infrastructure. 
 
 The Company relies heavily on computer systems to manage and operate its businesses and record and process transactions. Computer systems are important to production planning, customer service, and order management, as well as other critical processes. 
 
 Despite efforts to prevent such situations and the existence of established risk management practices that partially mitigate these risks, the Company s systems may be affected by damage or interruption from, among other causes, power outages, system failures, or computer viruses. Computer hardware and storage equipment that is integral to efficient operations, such as email, telephone and other functionality, is concentrated in certain physical locations in the various geographies in which the Company operates. 
 
 In addition, cybersecurity threats and sophisticated computer crime pose a potential risk to the security of the Company s information technology systems, operational technology systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality and integrity of the Company s data. Cyber-attacks, security breaches, and other cyber incidents could include, among other things, computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing and impersonation), hacking, denial-of-service attacks, and other attacks. These risks may be heightened given our employees increased use of remote working environments. Sensitive information is also stored by our vendors and on the platforms and networks of third-party providers. Cyber-attacks on the Company, our vendors, or our third-party providers of service and software could result in inappropriate access to intellectual property, personally identifiable information of our global workforce, suppliers, or customers, or personal credit card or other payment information of our customers. Potential consequences of a successful cyber-attack or other cybersecurity incident include remediation costs, increased cybersecurity protection costs, lost revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack, litigation and legal risks including governmental or regulatory enforcement actions, increased insurance premiums, reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence, and damage to the Company s competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. The Company has been subject to cyber-attacks and unauthorized access in the past, which it deemed immaterial to its business and operations, and may be subject to cyber-attacks or unauthorized access of its systems in the future. There can be no assurance that any future cyber-attacks or unauthorized access to the Company s information systems will not be material to the Company s business, operations, or financial condition. While we believe that our insurance plan provides appropriate levels of coverage for cyber risks and have taken steps to address these risks by implementing enhanced security technologies, internal controls, and business continuity plans, these measures may not be adequate to cover or prevent all potential losses nor remedy related damage to our reputation. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Regulators globally are increasingly imposing greater fines and penalties for privacy and data protection violations. For example, the European Union and other jurisdictions, including China and some U.S. states, have enacted, and others may enact, new and expanded sets of compliance requirements on companies, like ours, that collect or process personal data. Failure to comply with these or other data protection regulations could expose us to potentially significant liabilities. If the Company suffers a loss or disclosure of protected information due to security breaches or other reasons, and if business continuity plans do not effectively address these issues on a timely basis, the Company may incur fines or penalties, or suffer interruption in its ability to manage operations, as well as reputational, competitive, or business harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 The development and use of artificial technologies are still in their early stages, and we are in the initial phase of incorporating artificial intelligence into our business. Artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that could adversely impact our business. The legal and regulatory landscape surrounding artificial intelligence technologies is rapidly evolving and uncertain, including in the areas of intellectual property, cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations, or industry standards relating to artificial intelligence may impose significant costs and may limit our ability to develop, deploy, or use artificial intelligence technologies. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or brand and reputational harm. 
 
 6. We have a significant amount of debt, which could adversely affect the Company and limit our ability to respond to changes in our business or make future desirable acquisitions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our outstanding debt was 1,893.0, and this amount could increase if additional levels of liquidity are needed. This amount of debt (and additional debt we may incur) has important consequences to our businesses. For example: 
 
 We may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, because we have lower borrowing capacity. 
 We may be required to dedicate a larger portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes, including business development efforts and acquisitions, working capital requirements, and capital expenditures. 
 We could be exposed to the risk of increased interest rates, because our capital structure target normally includes a component of variable rate debt in addition to fixed rate debt. 
 We may be more limited in our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which they operate, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that may have less indebtedness. 
 
 We may be vulnerable to credit rating downgrades, which could have an impact on our ability to secure future financing on terms commercially acceptable to us, to access the credit and capital markets, or to negotiate favorable covenants in any future amendments to our financial documents or new financings. 
 7. If we are unable to comply with the financial and other covenants in our debt agreements, our business, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our credit arrangements, including the Amended Credit Agreement and the Amended L/G Facility Agreement (each as defined below) contain financial and other restrictive covenants. These covenants could adversely affect us by limiting our financial and operating flexibility as well as our ability to plan for and react to market conditions, including as a result of global financial, socioeconomic, and political uncertainty and the effect on our business, and to meet our capital needs. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in us being required to repay indebtedness before its due date, and we may not have the financial resources or be able to arrange alternative financing to do so. Any event that requires us to repay any of our debt before it is due could require us to borrow additional amounts at unfavorable borrowing terms, cause a significant reduction in our liquidity, and impair our ability to pay amounts due on our indebtedness. Moreover, if we are required to repay any of our debt before it becomes due, we may be unable to borrow or draw additional amounts under the Amended Credit Agreement and Amended L/G Facility Agreement or otherwise obtain the cash necessary to repay that additional debt when due, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and liquidity. Furthermore, interest rates we pay on our borrowings and our ability to borrow or draw under the Amended Credit Agreement and Amended L/G Facility Agreement or any other credit facility in the future, or pursuant to other available sources, could be adversely affected by matters including market volatility, economic downturns, or other instability or uncertainty. In addition, in light of the impacts to our ability to generate cash from operations during periods of global financial, socioeconomic, and political uncertainty, our results may be further negatively impacted by our payment obligations (including interest) with respect to our outstanding borrowings under our credit arrangements. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

8. A disease outbreak, a pandemic, or other health crisis, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations, the nature and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. 
 
 We have global operations, and a widespread pandemic, disease outbreak, or other health crisis, and the various government, industry and consumer actions related thereto, including mandated or voluntary shutdowns, could have negative impacts on our business and have created or could create or intensify adverse conditions described in our other risk factors. These impacts and conditions include, but may not be limited to, potential significant volatility or decreases in demand for our products, changes in customer behavior and preferences, disruptions in or closures of our manufacturing operations or those of our customers and suppliers, disruptions within our supply chain, limitations on our employees ability to work and travel, potential increased vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security that could be due to widespread remote working arrangements or other conditions, potential financial difficulties of customers and suppliers, significant changes in economic or political conditions, including rapidly changing government orders and regulations and our efforts to comply with them, and related financial and commodity volatility, including volatility in raw material and other input costs (including but not limited to oil prices), any of which could last for extended periods. Disruption caused by a pandemic and the Company s response thereto could also increase the Company s exposure to claims from customers, suppliers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees and others, and to other workforce related risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Despite our efforts to manage through a widespread pandemic, disease outbreak, or other health crisis, the degree to which these events ultimately impact our business, financial position, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows may depend on certain factors beyond our control, including the duration, spread, and severity of the event, the actions taken to contain the event and mitigate its public health effects, the impact on the U.S. and global economies and demand for our products, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions resume or become impacted by long-lasting changes. The extent to which a disease outbreak, or any other health crisis, could impact our business cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 9. Increased prices for, poor quality of, or extended inability to source raw materials used in our products or associated services, or supply chain disruptions, could adversely affect profitability. 
 Our profitability is affected by the prices of the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products. These prices fluctuate based on a number of factors beyond our control, including changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions, labor costs, fuel-related delivery costs, competition, import duties, tariffs, currency exchange rates, and, in some cases, government regulation. Significant increases in the prices of raw materials, similar to the inflationary increases we have experienced in the past, that cannot be recovered through increases in the price of our products and services could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that the prices we are paying for raw materials today will continue in the future or that the marketplace will continue to support current prices for our products or that such prices can be adjusted to fully or partially offset raw material price increases in the future. Any increases in prices of these or other commodities or services could adversely affect our profitability. We do not engage in hedging transactions for raw material purchases, but we do enter into some fixed-price supply contracts, in an attempt to delay or suppress the impacts of higher prices in the market. 
 
 Our dependency upon regular deliveries of supplies and the quality of those supplies upon delivery from particular suppliers means that interruptions, stoppages, or deterioration of quality in such deliveries could adversely affect our operations until arrangements with alternate suppliers could be made. Some of the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products currently are procured from a single source. In some cases, we also outsource certain services to suppliers, including but not limited to, engineering, assembly, shipping, and commissioning services. If a supplier were unable to deliver these materials or services, or unable to deliver quality materials or services, for an extended period of time as a result of financial difficulties, catastrophic events affecting their facilities, or other factors, including recent supply chain disruptions we have experienced, or if we were unable to negotiate acceptable terms for the supply of materials or services with these suppliers, our business could be adversely affected. We may not be able to find acceptable alternatives, and any such alternatives could result in increased costs. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, reduced availability or interruption in supplies, whether resulting from more stringent regulatory requirements, increases in duties or tariff costs, disruptions in transportation, severe weather, the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts, or any other reason, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows. Extended inability to source a necessary raw material or service could cause us to cease manufacturing one or more products for a period of time, which could also lead to loss of customers, as well as reputational, competitive, or business harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

10. Uncertainty in United States global trade policy and risks with governmental instability in parts of the world such as Germany could negatively impact our business . 
 
 The U.S. government has at times indicated a willingness to significantly change, and has in some cases significantly changed, trade policies or agreements. Specific legislative and regulatory developments and proposals that could have a material impact on us involve matters including (but not limited to) changes to existing trade agreements or entry into new trade agreements, sanctions policies, import and export regulations, tariffs, taxes and customs duties, public company reporting requirements, environmental regulation, and antitrust enforcement. In addition, certain countries that are central to our businesses have imposed or been subject to imposition or have threatened imposition of retaliatory tariffs in response to tariffs imposed by the U.S. upon various raw materials and finished goods, including steel and others that are important to our businesses. This, along with recent governmental instability in parts of the world such as Germany, exposes us to risks of disruption and cost increases in our established patterns for sourcing our raw materials and creates increased uncertainties in planning our sourcing strategies and forecasting our margins. Changes in U.S. tariffs, quotas, trade relationships or agreements, or tax law could reduce the supply of goods available to us or increase our cost of goods. Although such changes would in many cases have implications across the entire industry, we may fail to effectively adapt to and manage the adjustments in strategy that would be necessary in response to those changes. In addition to the general uncertainty and overall risk from potential changes in U.S. laws and policies, as we make business decisions in the face of uncertainty, we may incorrectly anticipate the outcomes, miss out on business opportunities or fail to effectively adapt our business strategies and manage the adjustments that are necessary in response to those changes. These risks could materially and adversely impact our business, consolidated results of operations, and financial condition in the periods to come. 
 11. International economic, political, legal, and business factors could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and growth. 
 We derived approximately 59 , 62 , and 67 of our net revenue from our operations outside the U.S. for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. This net revenue was primarily generated in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, South America, and Canada. In addition, we have manufacturing operations, suppliers, and employees located outside the U.S. Since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S., we expect to continue to increase our revenue and presence outside the U.S., including in emerging markets. 
 
 Our international business is subject to risks that are often encountered in non-U.S. operations, including: 
 
 interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers, including conditions where recovery from natural disasters may be delayed due to country-specific infrastructure and resources; 
 threat of wars or other conflicts; 
 differences in terms of sale, including payment terms; 
 local product preferences and product requirements; 
 changes in a country s or region s political or economic condition, including with respect to safety and health issues; 
 trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 
 unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements, including unfavorable changes with respect to tax, trade, sanctions compliance, or climate change related matters; 
 limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings and cash; 
 difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 
 differing labor regulations; 
 difficulties in enforcing contract and property rights under local law; 
 difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely or comprehensive basis; and 
 differing protection of intellectual property. 
 
 Such risks may be more likely or pronounced in emerging markets, where our operations may be subject to greater uncertainty due to increased volatility associated with the developing nature of their economic, legal, and governmental systems. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or consolidated results of operations. 
 
 12. We operate in highly competitive industries, many of which are currently subject to intense price competition, and if we are unable to compete successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Many of the industries in which we operate are highly competitive. Our products may not compete successfully with those of our competitors. The markets for plastic processing equipment and related products, material handling equipment, complete equipment systems, and mold components are highly competitive and include a number of North American, European, and Asian competitors. Principal competitive factors in the plastic processing industry, material handling equipment, and complete equipment systems include price, lead time, product features, technology, total cost of ownership, performance, reliability, quality, delivery, and customer service. Principal competitive factors in the mold components industry include technology, price, quality, performance, and delivery. 
 Our competitors may be positioned to offer more favorable pricing to customers, resulting in reduced volume and profitability. In certain cases, we have lost business to competitors who offered prices lower than ours. Competition may also limit our ability to pass on the effects of increases in our cost structure. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater financial resources and less debt than we do, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage in the future. These competitors may be better able to withstand and respond to changes in conditions within our industry. 
 Additionally, the Company s competitors may adopt new technologies and technological advancements using artificial intelligence and machine learning to pursue new products and services more quickly, successfully and effectively than the Company. 
 Competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices, and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing, and selling our products. 
 
 13. We operate in cyclical industries. 
 As an industrial capital goods supplier, we serve industries that are cyclical and sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, such as packaging, automotive, construction, consumer goods, electronics, chemicals, and plastics industries. The performance of many of our businesses is directly related to the production levels of our customers. In particular, prices for plastic resins used to make plastic products and parts tend to fluctuate to a greater degree than our customers can adjust for in the pricing of their products. When resin prices increase, certain of our customers profit margins decrease, which may result in lower demand for our products. Therefore, our business is affected by fluctuations in the price of resin, which could have an adverse effect on our business and ability to generate operating cash flows. 
 
 During periods of economic expansion, when capital spending normally increases, our businesses generally benefit from greater demand for our products. During periods of economic contraction, when capital spending normally decreases, they generally are adversely affected by declining demand for new equipment orders, and may be subject to increases in uncollectible receivables from customers who become insolvent. There can be no assurance that economic expansion or increased demand will be sustainable, and our financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 14. A key component of our growth strategy is making significant acquisitions, some of which may be outside the industries in which we currently operate. We may not be able to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from these acquisitions. If an acquisition were to perform unfavorably, it could have an adverse impact on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 All acquisitions, including the FPM and Linxis acquisitions, involve inherent uncertainties, which may include, among other things, our ability to: 
 
 successfully identify the most suitable targets for acquisition; 
 negotiate reasonable terms; 
 properly perform due diligence and determine all the significant risks associated with a particular acquisition; 
 successfully achieve the desired performance of the acquired company; 
 avoid diversion of Company management s attention from other important business activities; and 
 where applicable, implement restructuring activities without an adverse impact to business operations. 
 
 We may acquire businesses with unknown liabilities, contingent liabilities, internal control deficiencies, or other risks. We have plans and procedures to review potential acquisition candidates for a variety of due diligence matters, including compliance with applicable regulations and laws prior to acquisition. Despite these efforts, realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies may increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position, or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We generally seek indemnification covering these matters from sellers or other sources including insurance policies; however, the liability of the sellers or other sources is often limited, and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We cannot be assured that these indemnification provisions will fully protect us, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our profitability and financial position. 
 
 We may not achieve the intended benefits of our acquisitions. Under such circumstances, management could be required to spend significant amounts of time and resources in the transition of the acquired business, and we may not fully realize benefits anticipated from key initiatives, including the application of the HOM. We may also decide to sell previously acquired businesses, or portions thereof, that no longer meet our strategic objectives, potentially resulting in a loss, accounting charge, or other negative impact. As a result of these factors, our business, cash flows, and consolidated results of operations could be materially impacted. 
 
 If we acquire a company that operates in an industry that is different from the ones in which we currently operate, our lack of experience with that company s industry could have a material adverse impact on our ability to manage that business and realize the benefits of that acquisition. 
 
 15. We have completed several divestitures, including the recent divestiture of our historical Batesville reportable operating segment, and we continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses. We may divest or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment, and we cannot be certain that our business, consolidated results of operations, and financial condition will not be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 A successful divestiture depends on various factors, including reaching an agreement with potential buyers on terms we deem attractive, as well as our ability to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities, and employees to any purchaser, identify and separate the intellectual property to be divested from the intellectual property that we wish to retain, reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business, and collect the proceeds from any divestitures. These efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. If we do not realize the expected benefits of any divestiture transaction or experience unexpected costs or similar risks, our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows could be negatively impacted. In addition, divestitures of businesses involve a number of risks, including significant costs and expenses, the potential loss of or changes to customer, employee, or supplier relationships, potential adverse impacts to volume-based pricing under existing and future purchasing arrangements, and a decrease in net revenue and earnings associated with the divested business. Furthermore, any divestiture may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings if we are unable to offset the dilutive impact from the associated loss of revenue, and may also result in significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, divestitures, in particular the recent divestiture of our historical Batesville reportable operating segment, potentially involve significant post-closing separation and transition activities, which could involve the expenditure of material financial resources and significant employee resources. These activities may require diversion of significant capital and other resources that otherwise could have been used in our business operations. There can be no assurance that divestitures, including the historical Batesville reportable operating segment divestiture, will be ultimately beneficial to us or have a positive effect on shareholder value. 
 
 16. Goodwill and other identifiable indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to periodic impairment evaluations, represent a significant portion of our total assets. An impairment charge on these assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 We maintain intangible assets related to a number of historical acquisitions, portions of which were identified as either goodwill or indefinite-lived assets. We periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, divestitures, and market capitalization declines may impair these assets, and any of these factors may be increasingly impactful during a period of ongoing global supply chain disruption or macroeconomic uncertainty. 
 
 As required by applicable accounting standards, we review goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The risk of impairment to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets is generally higher during the early years following an acquisition, because the fair values of these assets align very closely with what we paid to acquire them. As a result, and especially if the acquired business is a separate reporting unit, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as headroom is smaller at the time of acquisition. If the acquired business is included 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 in an existing reporting unit, this impact often can be less significant. In any case, until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a small decline in reporting unit fair value may trigger impairment charges. When impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. Future acquisitions could present these same risks as with acquisitions we have made to date. 
 Any charges relating to such impairments, similar to those recorded for the year ended September 30, 2024, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations in the periods recognized. 
 17. We derive significant net revenue from the plastics industry. Decrease in demand for base resin or engineering plastics or equipment used in the production of these products, changes in technological advances, or changes in laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 The majority of net revenue from our Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment is realized from the manufacture, distribution, and service of highly engineered and customized systems within the plastic technology and processing market. Advanced Process Solutions also sells equipment, including highly engineered extruders, feeders, and conveying systems, to the plastics industry for the production of base resins, durable engineering grade plastics, and other compounded plastics (including bioplastics and recycled plastic product). Sales volume is dependent upon the need for equipment used to produce these products, which may be significantly influenced by the demand for plastics, the capital investment needs of companies in the plastics industry, changes in technological advances, or changes in laws or regulations such as, but not limited to, those related to single-use plastics, expanded-polystyrene and polystyrene foams, extended producer responsibility, content requirements for products, recycled content requirements, and reduction mandates. Unfavorable developments in the plastics industry could impact our customers and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 18. Changes in economic conditions, food consumption patterns due to dietary trends, or other reasons may adversely affect our business, financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Rising food and other input costs, as well as recessionary fears, may negatively impact our customers ability to forecast consumer demand for various food products, including pet food, and as a result negatively impact demand for our goods and services. Dietary trends can positively or negatively impact demand for certain types of food, including, for example, proteins or carbohydrates, or for certain packaging or categories of food products, including, for example, easy to prepare, transportable meals, or traditional canned food products. Because demand for different food types, packagings, or categories can quickly fluctuate as a function of dietary, health, convenience, sustainability, or other trends, food processors can be challenged in accurately forecasting their needed manufacturing capacity and the related investment in equipment and services. A demand shift away from protein products or processed foods could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 19. We rely upon our employees, agents, and business partners to comply with laws in many different countries and jurisdictions. We establish policies and provide training to assist them in understanding our policies and the regulations most applicable to our business; however, our reputation, ability to do business, and consolidated results of operations may be impaired by improper conduct by these parties. 
 
 We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by our employees, agents, or business partners that would violate U.S. or non-U.S. laws, including laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, anti-kickback, false claims, competition, export and import compliance, including the U.S. Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations, trade sanctions promulgated by the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC ), anti-money laundering, and data privacy. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries, including us, from making improper payments to government officials or other parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced corruption to some degree. Consequently, we are subject to the jurisdiction of various governments and regulatory agencies outside of the U.S., which may bring our personnel into contact with foreign officials responsible for issuing or renewing permits, licenses, or approvals or for enforcing other governmental regulations. In addition, some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. Our global operations expose us to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, the foregoing or other anti-corruption laws. Any such improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions; could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, and related shareholder lawsuits; could cause us to incur significant legal fees; and could damage our reputation. 
 20. The effective tax rate of the Company may be negatively impacted by changes in the mix of earnings as well as future changes to tax laws in global jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various other global jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings by jurisdiction and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. There is a global effort among developed countries to enact international tax reform that would change the way multinational organizations are taxed. If the tax reform proposals are enacted, they could have a material impact on our tax provision and value of deferred tax assets and liabilities. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, if there is a material change in the actual effective tax rates, or if there is a change to the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which could result in a material increase in our effective tax rate. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Many countries in the European Union, as well as several other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. Certain proposals could include recommendations that could increase our tax obligations in those countries where we do business. Any changes in the taxation of our activities in such jurisdictions may result in a material increase in our effective tax rate. 
 
 21. We are exposed to a number of different tax uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 We are required to pay taxes in multiple jurisdictions. We determine the tax liability we are required to pay based on our interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We may be subject to unfavorable changes, including retroactive changes, in the tax laws and regulations to which we are subject. 
 We are subject to tax audits by governmental authorities in the U.S. and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions, which are inherently uncertain. Negative or unexpected results from one or more such tax audits could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Tax controls and changes in tax laws or regulations or the interpretation given to them may expose us to negative tax consequences, including interest payments and potential penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 
 22. We are involved from time to time in claims, lawsuits, and governmental proceedings relating to our operations, including environmental, antitrust, patent infringement, business practices, commercial transactions, and other matters. The ultimate outcome of these claims, lawsuits, and governmental proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty but could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We are subject to potential claims, including environmental, antitrust, patent infringement, business practices, commercial transactions, product and general liability, cybersecurity and privacy matters, workers compensation, auto liability, employment-related, and other matters. While we maintain insurance for certain of these exposures, the policies in place are often high-deductible policies. It is difficult to measure the actual loss that might be incurred related to litigation or other potential claims, and the ultimate outcome of claims, lawsuits, and proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows. For a more detailed discussion of claims, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 
 
 23. Uncertainty in the U.S. political and regulatory environment could negatively impact our business . 
 
 The political environment, especially in an election year in the U.S., may create uncertainty with respect to, and could result in additional changes in, or potential gridlock hindering legislation, regulation, international relations, and government policy, or could result in possible civil unrest or other disturbances in connection therewith. Additionally, the scope, clarity of guidance from regulators, and uncertain enforcement and implementation times allowed for new regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may result in increased costs or temporarily impact business operations. While it is not possible to predict whether and when any such additional changes or disturbances could occur, any such events, whether at the local, state, or federal level, or outside the U.S., could significantly impact our business and the industries in which we compete. To the extent such disturbances or changes in the political or regulatory environment have a negative impact on the Company or the markets in which we operate, it may materially and adversely impact our business, consolidated results of operations, and financial condition in the periods to come. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

24. We are subject to risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenue. In addition, since our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our consolidated results of operations. The Company s predominant exposures are to the Euro, Canadian dollar, Swiss franc, Mexican peso, Chinese Renminbi, Japanese Yen, Indian Rupee, and British pound sterling. In preparing financial statements for foreign operations with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, asset and liability accounts are translated at current exchange rates and income and expenses are translated using weighted-average exchange rates. With respect to the effects on translated earnings, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to local currencies, as happens from time to time, the Company s earnings could be negatively impacted. Although we address currency risk management through regular operating and financing activities and through the use of derivative financial instruments, those actions may not prove to be fully effective. 
 
 25. The Company could face labor disruptions that would interfere with operations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately 32 and 31 , respectively, of Hillenbrand s employees work under collective bargaining agreements or works councils. Although we have not experienced any significant work stoppages in the past 20 years as a result of labor disagreements, we will need to negotiate new labor agreements in coming years and cannot ensure that such a stoppage will not occur in the future. Inability to negotiate satisfactory new agreements or a labor disturbance at one or more of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 26. Business disruptions due to physical risks of climate change, such as catastrophic weather events and natural disasters, could adversely impact the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 The physical risks of climate change are highly uncertain and may differ in the geographic regions in which the Company operates. These physical risks may impact the availability and cost of materials, sources and supply of energy, or product demand and manufacturing, and could increase insurance and other operating costs. There may be operational risk due to the significant impact climate change could pose to employees lives, the Company s supply chain, or electrical power availability from climate-related weather events. Climate-related events have the potential to disrupt our business, including the business of our suppliers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional costs to resume operations. 
 
 27. Provisions in our Articles of Incorporation and By-laws and facets of Indiana law may prevent or delay an acquisition of the Company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation and By-laws, as well as Indiana law, contain provisions that could delay or prevent changes in control if our Board of Directors determines that such changes in control are not in the best interests of our shareholders. While these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of our Company to negotiate with our Board of Directors, they could enable our Board of Directors to hinder or frustrate a transaction that the Board of Directors believes is not in the best interests of shareholders, but which some, or a majority, of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests. 
 
 These provisions include, among others: 
 
 the division of our Board of Directors into three classes with staggered terms; 
 the inability of our shareholders to act by less than unanimous written consent; 
 rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; 
 the right of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; and 
 limitations on the right of shareholders to remove directors. 
 
 Indiana law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between the Company and any holder of 10 or more of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 We believe these provisions are important for a public company and protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise potentially unfair takeover tactics by encouraging potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 our Board of Directors with appropriate time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make our Company immune from takeovers; however, they may apply if the Board of Directors determines that a takeover offer is not in the best interests of our shareholders, even if some shareholders believe the offer to be beneficial. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 We have not received any comments from the staff of the SEC regarding our periodic or current reports that remain unresolved. 

Item 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 
 Risk management and strategy 
 
 We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats, which include, among other things: operational risks, intellectual property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees or customers, and violation of data privacy or security laws. 
 
 We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program to protect critical assets, scale with business growth, identify and mitigate threats, and enable us to conduct our business securely. The program s design utilizes the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, while adapting certain elements to align with our specific operational needs and objectives. The program and other cybersecurity processes have been integrated into our overall risk management framework. 
 
 Certain key components of our cybersecurity program include the following: 
 
 Protecting our technology and information systems: We use various tools to help manage our overall program including unauthorized access detection, 24x7 security monitoring, email protection, network intrusion prevention systems, security training, penetration testing, and other similar tools to protect the Company s data. When adopting or changing technology, we conduct risk-based security and privacy impact assessments and deploy administrative, physical, and technical safeguards that are designed to reasonably protect us from cybersecurity threats. We actively monitor and proactively research potential cybersecurity threats to our technologies and information systems and use what we learn to evolve our security controls over time to mitigate risks posed by such threats. 
 
 Incident response and recovery planning: We maintain incident response and recovery plans that direct our response to cybersecurity incidents. These plans guide how we evaluate and assign incident severity levels and reporting thresholds, escalate and engage cross functional incident response teams, perform materiality assessments, and manage and mitigate the related risks. We also maintain a cybersecurity insurance program to reimburse covered costs, losses and claims relating to a data or security breach. 
 
 Third-party risk management: We maintain a risk-based approach to identifying and managing cybersecurity threats presented by third-party systems that support our operations, as well as third-party users of our data and systems, including vendors, service providers, and subcontractors. Further, we require third-party users with such access to our data and systems to adhere to industry policies and standards that are comparable to or exceed our policies and standards. For third-party users that do not have access to our data and systems, we require those users to maintain cybersecurity practices that align with industry standards and applicable laws. 
 
 Training and awareness: We have a cybersecurity training program designed to educate and train employees on how to identify and report cybersecurity threats, which includes regular phishing exercises and recurring cybersecurity awareness training to all our associates and third parties who have access to Company email and networks. Training programs are conducted on a periodic basis and are focused on giving employees awareness and tools to manage the most relevant and prevalent cybersecurity risks to us. Specialized training is also offered to employees in sensitive roles. 
 
 Assessments and testing: We use third party specialists to conduct periodic assessment and testing of our policies, standards, processes, and practices that are designed to address cybersecurity threats. These efforts include tabletop exercises, risk assessments, vulnerability testing, and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures and planning. Where appropriate we adjust our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices accordingly based on internal and external assessment and testing results. 
 
 As of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not aware of any cybersecurity threats or incidents that have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, consolidated results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite our security measures, we cannot assure that we or our third-party partners will not experience a future cybersecurity incident that could materially affect us. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Governance 
 
 Our Board of Directors oversees overall cybersecurity risk and strategy, and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors oversees information security compliance as part of its broader compliance oversight mandate. Together, this ensures that the Board of Directors has a comprehensive view of the Company s cybersecurity risk profile and framework. The Board of Directors and its Audit Committee include directors with knowledge, skills, and cybersecurity and information technology experience. 
 
 Our EMT receives periodic briefings, and the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee receives annual and quarterly briefings, respectively, on cybersecurity matters. These briefings may include updates on critical information security and cybersecurity risks and the threat landscape; cybersecurity improvement initiatives and the internal control environment; and, if relevant, the status of actions taken with respect to any cybersecurity incidents. 
 
 The Chief Information Security Officer CISO is responsible for assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity risks, including implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. The CISO works in partnership with the information technology, legal, finance, and internal audit functions to review information technology-related policies and internal controls in managing the cyber risk. 
 
 The CISO has information technology and information security experience, including enterprise risk management leadership, and holds a Certified Information Security Manager certification from the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA). The CISO reports to the Chief Information Officer CIO ), who is a member of the Company s Executive Management Team EMT and reports directly to the CEO. The CIO has extensive experience overseeing and executing technology strategies and implementations in complex, global organizations. 
 
 As a part of our incident response plan, the CISO also reports and escalates cybersecurity incidents to the EMT and the Audit Committee as appropriate. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Batesville, Indiana, in a facility that we lease. At September 30, 2024, Advanced Process Solutions operated 14 significant manufacturing facilities located in the U.S. (in Kansas, Missouri, Ohio, and Virginia), Germany, France, Switzerland, China, and the United Kingdom. Five of these facilities are owned and nine are leased. Advanced Process Solutions also leases or owns a number of warehouse distribution centers, service centers, and sales offices located in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Asia, and South America. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Molding Technology Solutions operated nine significant manufacturing facilities located in the U.S. (in Ohio and Kansas), Germany, China, India, Canada, and the Czech Republic. Three of these facilities are owned and six are leased. Molding Technology Solutions also leases or owns a number of warehouse distribution centers, service centers, and sales offices located in the U.S., Mexico, Canada, Europe, Asia, and South America. 
 
 Facilities often serve multiple purposes, such as administration, sales, manufacturing, testing, warehousing, and distribution. We believe our current facilities will provide adequate capacity to meet expected demand for the next several years. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in claims, lawsuits, and government proceedings relating to our operations, including environmental, antitrust, patent infringement, business practices, commercial transactions, product and general liability, cybersecurity and privacy matters, workers compensation, auto liability, employment-related, and other matters. The ultimate outcome of any claims, lawsuits, and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. We carry various forms of commercial, property and casualty, cybersecurity, product liability, and other forms of insurance; however, such insurance may not be applicable or adequate to cover the costs associated with a judgment against us, and in most instances have deductibles and self-funded retentions up to 0.5 per occurrence or per claim, depending upon the type of coverage and policy period. It is difficult to measure the actual loss that might be incurred related to litigation, and the ultimate outcome of these claims, lawsuits, and proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 For more information on various legal proceedings, see Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. That information is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, 
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Hillenbrand common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol HI. 
 
 As of November 15, 2024, we had approximately 1,423 shareholders of record. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 On December 2, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to 300.0, which replaced the previous 200.0 share repurchase program authorized on December 7, 2018. The repurchase program has no expiration date but may be terminated by the Board of Directors at any time. No purchases of our common stock were made during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We returned 62.5 to shareholders in fiscal 2024 in the form of quarterly dividends. We increased our quarterly dividend in fiscal 2024 to 0.2225 per common share from 0.2200 per common share paid in fiscal 2023. We currently expect to pay approximately 15.8 each quarter in fiscal 2025 based on our outstanding common stock at September 30, 2024, subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 (dollars in millions throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) 
 
 (unless otherwise stated, references to years relate to fiscal years) 

The following discussion compares our results for the year ended September 30, 2024, to the year ended September 30, 2023. The discussion comparing our results for the year ended September 30, 2023, to the year ended September 30, 2022, is included within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 15, 2023. We begin the discussion at a consolidated level and then provide separate detail about Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segments, as well as Corporate. These financial results are prepared in accordance with United States U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 
 We also provide certain non-GAAP operating performance measures. These non-GAAP measures are referred to as adjusted measures and primarily exclude the following items: 
 
 business acquisitions, divestiture, and integration costs; 
 restructuring and restructuring-related charges; 
 impairment charges; 
 gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment; 
 pension settlement charges; 
 inventory step-up costs related to acquisitions; 
 other non-recurring costs related to a discrete commercial dispute; 
 gains and losses on divestitures; 
 other individually immaterial one-time costs; 
 the related income tax impact for all of these items; and 
 the revaluation of deferred tax balances resulting from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and non-routine changes in tax rates for certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Non-GAAP information is provided as a supplement to, not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 We use this non-GAAP information internally to make operating decisions and believe it is helpful to investors because it allows more meaningful period-to-period comparisons of our ongoing operating results. The information can also be used to perform trend analysis and to better identify operating trends that may otherwise be masked or distorted by items such as the above excluded items. We believe this information provides a higher degree of transparency. 
 
 An important non-GAAP measure that we use is adjusted EBITDA. A part of Hillenbrand s strategy is to selectively acquire companies that we believe can benefit from the Hillenbrand Operating Model HOM to spur faster and more profitable growth. Given that strategy, it is a natural consequence to incur related expenses, such as amortization from acquired intangible assets and additional interest expense from debt-funded acquisitions. Accordingly, we use adjusted EBITDA, among other measures, to monitor our business performance. Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized term under GAAP and therefore does not purport to be an alternative to consolidated net (loss) income. Further, the Company s measure of adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 We expect that future net revenue associated with our reportable operating segments will be influenced by order backlog because of the lead time involved in fulfilling engineered-to-order equipment and solutions for customers. Although backlog can be an indicator of future net revenue, it does not include projects and aftermarket parts orders that are booked and shipped within the same quarter. The timing of order placement, size, extent of customization, and customer delivery dates can create fluctuations in backlog and net revenue. Net revenue attributable to backlog may also be affected by foreign exchange fluctuations for orders denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. 
 
 We calculate the foreign currency impact on net revenue, gross profit, operating expenses, consolidated net income and consolidated adjusted EBITDA, in order to better measure the comparability of results between periods. We calculate the foreign currency impact by translating current year results at prior year foreign exchange rates. This information is provided because exchange rates can distort the underlying change in these metrics, either positively or negatively. The cost structure for 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate is generally not significantly impacted by the fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and we do not disclose the foreign currency impact in the Operations Review below where the impact is not significant. 
 
 Another important operational measure used is backlog. Backlog is not a term recognized under GAAP; however, it is a common measurement used in industries with extended lead times for order fulfillment (long-term contracts), like those in which our reportable operating segments compete. Backlog represents the amount of net revenue that we expect to realize on contracts awarded to our reportable operating segments. For purposes of calculating backlog, 100 of estimated net revenue attributable to consolidated subsidiaries is included. Backlog includes expected net revenue from large systems and equipment, as well as aftermarket parts, components, and service. The length of time that projects remain in backlog can span from days for aftermarket parts or service to approximately 18 to 24 months for larger system sales within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. The majority of the backlog within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment is expected to be fulfilled within the next twelve months. Backlog includes expected net revenue from the remaining portion of firm orders not yet completed, as well as net revenue from change orders to the extent that they are reasonably expected to be realized. We include in backlog the full contract award, including awards subject to further customer approvals, which we expect to result in net revenue in future periods. In accordance with industry practice, our contracts may include provisions for cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the customer. 
 
 See page 40 for reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to consolidated net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. We use non-GAAP measures in certain other instances and include information reconciling such non-GAAP measures to the respective most directly comparable GAAP measures. Given that backlog is an operational measure and that the Company s methodology for calculating backlog does not meet the definition of a non-GAAP measure, as that term is defined by the SEC, a quantitative reconciliation is not required or provided. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. Significant accounting policies which require management s judgment are discussed below. A detailed description of our accounting policies is included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 Net revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services and is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied under the terms of contracts with customers. 
 
 A performance obligation is deemed to be satisfied by the Company when control of the product or service is transferred to the customer. The transaction price of a contract, or the amount the Company expects to receive upon satisfaction of the performance obligation, is determined by reference to the contract s terms and includes adjustments, if applicable, for any variable consideration, such as sales discounts, which may require us to make estimates for the portion of these allowances that have yet to be credited or paid to our customers. The majority of sales discounts are included on the invoice to the customer and therefore, involved no estimation. If an estimate is required, these allowances are determined using the expected value method, which is typically based upon historical rates. 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition for the contract s performance obligation is either over time or at a point in time. We recognize revenue over time for contracts that have an enforceable right to collect payment for performance completed to date upon customer cancellation and provide one or more of the following: (i) service over a period of time, (ii) highly customized equipment, or (iii) parts which are highly engineered and have no alternative use. Net revenue generated from standard equipment and highly customized equipment or parts contracts without an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, as well as net revenue from non-specialized parts sales, is recognized at a point in time. 
 
 We use the input method of cost-to-cost to recognize net revenue over time. Accounting for these contracts involves management judgment in estimating total contract revenue and cost. Contract revenue is largely determined by negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options and change orders. Contract costs are incurred over longer periods of time and, accordingly, the estimation of these costs requires judgment. We measure progress based on costs incurred to date relative to total estimated cost at completion. Incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and we believe thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, and certain overhead expenses. Cost estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events, including the complexity and length of the work to be performed, the cost of materials, and the performance of suppliers and subcontractors. Significant factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, and anticipated labor agreements. Net revenue 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 and cost estimates are regularly monitored and revised based on changes in circumstances. Anticipated losses on long-term manufacturing contracts are recognized immediately when such losses become evident, which is rare. We maintain financial controls over the customer qualification, contract pricing, and estimation processes designed to reduce the risk of contract losses. 
 
 Standalone service net revenue is recognized either over time proportionately over the period of the underlying contract or as invoiced, depending on the terms of the arrangement. Standalone service net revenue is not material to the Company. 

Asset Impairment Determinations 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, primarily tradenames, are tested for impairment at least annually and upon the occurrence of certain triggering events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate that the fair value may be below carrying value. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by operating segment management. The Company currently has six reporting units (five during the year ended September 30, 2023). For the purpose of the goodwill impairment test, the Company can elect to perform a quantitative or qualitative analysis. If the qualitative test is elected, qualitative factors are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of its reporting units are less than the respective carrying values of those reporting units. Such factors we consider in a qualitative analysis include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, Company-specific events, events affecting the reporting unit, and the overall financial performance of the reporting unit. If after performing the qualitative analysis, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then the Company must perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. 
 
 If we elect to perform or are required to perform a quantitative analysis, we compare the carrying amount of the reporting unit s carrying value, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required, and no impairment loss is recognized. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between carrying amount and fair value, not to exceed the original amount of goodwill. 
 
 In determining the estimated fair value of the reporting units when performing a quantitative analysis, we consider both the market approach and the income approach. For purposes of the goodwill impairment test, weighting is equally attributed to both the market and income approaches in arriving at the fair value of the reporting units. To determine the reasonableness of the calculated fair values of our reporting units, the Company reviews the assumptions described below to ensure that neither the market approach nor the income approach yields significantly different valuations. We selected these valuation approaches because we believe the combination of these approaches, along with our best judgment regarding underlying assumptions and estimates, provides us with the best estimate of fair value of our reporting units. We believe these valuation approaches are appropriate for the industry and widely accepted by investors. 
 
 Under the market approach, we utilize the guideline company method, which involves calculating valuation multiples based on financial data from comparable publicly traded companies. Multiples derived from these companies provide an indication of how much a knowledgeable investor in the marketplace would be willing to pay for a company. These multiples are then applied to the financial data for our reporting units to arrive at an indication of value. 
 
 Under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting unit is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows utilizing a market-based weighted-average cost of capital determined separately for each reporting unit. 
 
 The key assumptions for the market and income approaches we use to determine fair value of our reporting units are updated at least annually. Those assumptions and estimates include macroeconomic conditions, competitive activities, cost containment, achievement of synergy initiatives, market data and market multiples (6.0-11.0 times adjusted EBITDA), discount rates (12.0-15.5 ), and terminal growth rates (2.0 - 3.0 ), as well as future levels of net revenue growth, adjusted EBITDA, and working capital requirements, which are based upon the Company s strategic plan. Hillenbrand s strategic plan is updated as part of its annual planning process and is reviewed and approved by management and the Board of Directors. The strategic plan may be revised as necessary during a fiscal year, based on changes in market conditions or other changes in the reporting units. The discount rate assumption is based on the overall after-tax rate of return required by a market participant whose weighted-average cost of capital includes both equity and debt, including a risk premium. The discount rates may be impacted by adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other factors. While the Company can 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 implement and has implemented certain strategies to address these events, changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate reporting unit fair values and could result in a further decline in fair value that would trigger a future material impairment charge of the reporting units goodwill balance. 
 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires us to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions. The Company believes these estimates and assumptions are reasonable. However, future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in the impairment testing for goodwill, including discount rates or future cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values. As a result of these factors and the limited cushion (or headroom, as commonly referred) due to a number of recent acquisitions and the impact of macroeconomic conditions, goodwill for certain of the reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions and Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segments may be more susceptible to impairment risk. 
 
 Although there are always changes in assumptions to reflect changing business and market conditions, our overall valuation methodology and the types of assumptions we use have remained consistent and conservative. While we use the best available information to prepare the cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances. 
 
 Similar to goodwill, the Company can elect to perform the annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill (primarily trade names) using a qualitative analysis, considering similar factors as outlined in the goodwill discussion in order to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of the trade names are less than the respective carrying values. If we elect to perform or are required to perform a quantitative analysis, the test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. We estimate the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets using the relief-from-royalty method, which we believe is an appropriate and widely used valuation technique for such assets. The fair value derived from the relief-from-royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trade names and not being required to pay a royalty for their use. The royalty rates utilized by the Company range from 0.5 to 2.5 and are consistent with industry standards. 
 
 Interim impairment assessments 
 
 In connection with the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the third quarter of 2024, an interim impairment assessment was performed for select indefinite-lived intangible assets, specifically trade names, and select reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment as a result of certain triggering events and changes in circumstances discussed in detail below. 
 
 Additionally, based on macroeconomic factors discussed below, and a decline in the Company s common stock price during the third quarter of 2024, the Company performed a qualitative review for all of the Company s other indefinite-lived intangible assets and reporting units and determined that those indefinite-lived intangible assets and reporting units did not require an interim impairment test, as it was more likely than not that the current fair value of those indefinite-lived intangible assets and reporting units exceeded their carrying values, based on their current and projected financial performance as well as the headroom from the previous annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment. 
 
 For the select indefinite-lived intangible assets and reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment, an interim impairment assessment was triggered by macroeconomic conditions including an elevated interest rate and inflationary cost environment, and changing market fundamentals, coupled with business performance and a decrease in the Company s overall market capitalization. Hot runner equipment had experienced a prolonged decline in demand and the outlook for a recovery of that demand remained uncertain, which required us to revise our long-term outlook. Additionally, certain competitors had made advancements in supplying high quality hot runner equipment. As a result of these indicators, during the third quarter of 2024, management developed a new five-year strategic plan for the select reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment, which established a revised downward outlook for net revenue, EBITDA, and operating cash flows. As a result of the change to expected future cash flows and comparable market information used in the market approach for estimating the fair value of one of the reporting units, the Company concluded that the carrying value for that reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in a goodwill impairment charge of 238.0 during the third quarter of 2024. The pre-impairment goodwill balance for this reporting unit was 417.0. In the event of a 10 further reduction in the fair value of this reporting unit, a potential additional goodwill impairment of 63.0 could occur. 
 
 Additionally, under the relief-from-royalty fair value method, the Company concluded during the third quarter of 2024 that the carrying value of a trade name associated with that same reporting unit exceeded its fair value. As a result, an impairment charge of 27.0 was recorded for this trade name during the third quarter of 2024. The pre-impairment balance for this trade name was 88.6. In the event of a 10 further reduction in the fair value of this trade name, a potential additional trade name 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 impairment of 6.2 could occur. The goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges are nondeductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Annual impairment assessment 
 
 The Company performed its annual July 1 goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment assessment during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 for all reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. For all reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the fair values of the respective reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets were determined to exceed the carrying value, resulting in no impairment to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets as part of the annual impairment assessment. 
 
 As a result of a number of recent acquisitions and the impact of macroeconomic headwinds, there is less cushion or headroom for certain reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions and Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segments. The estimated fair value, as calculated on July 1, 2024, or as part of the interim impairment assessment discussed above, for the three reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment ranged from approximately 3 to 6 greater than their carrying value (10 to 28 at the previous annual goodwill impairment assessment date). The estimated fair value, as calculated on July 1, 2024, or as part of the interim impairment assessment, for the indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment were less than 5 greater than their carrying value (versus 11 at the previous annual indefinite-lived intangible asset assessment date). The estimated fair value, as calculated on July 1, 2024, for a reporting unit within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment was approximately 29 greater than its carrying value (this is a newly identified reporting unit as the result of the integration of certain recent acquisitions). Each of the other reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment had significant cushion or headroom at the annual impairment assessment date. The Company compared the total fair values of its reporting units to the Company's market capitalization on July 1, 2024, to determine if the fair values are reasonable. The Company's aggregate fair value of all reporting units exceeded the market capitalization at the annual goodwill impairment assessment date by approximately 6 (representing an implied control premium). Recent comparable (industrial companies) market transactions over the past 5 years would imply control premiums in a median range of 22 - 32 (i.e., the premium of an offer price over the closing stock price immediately preceding an announced transaction), indicating a level of conservatism in the Company's annual goodwill impairment assessment. 
 
 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. For assets held and used, impairment may occur if projected undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value of the assets. In such cases, additional analysis is conducted to determine the amount of loss to be recognized, and the impairment loss is determined as the amount the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value, measured by future discounted cash flows. The analysis requires estimates of the amount and timing of projected cash flows and, where applicable, judgment associated with, among other factors, the appropriate discount rate. Such estimates are critical in determining whether any impairment charge should be recorded and the amount of such charge if an impairment loss is deemed to be necessary. Our judgment regarding the existence of circumstances that indicate the potential impairment of an asset s carrying value is based on several factors, including, but not limited to, changes in business environment, a decline in operating cash flows or a decision to close a manufacturing facility. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events and general economic conditions. 

Business Combinations 
 
 Estimating fair value for acquired assets and liabilities as part of a business combination typically requires us to exercise judgment, particularly for those assets and liabilities that may be unique or not easily determined by reference to market data. Often estimates for these types of acquired assets and liabilities will be developed using valuation models that require both historical and forecasted inputs, as well as market participant expectations. Thus, the valuation is directly affected by the inputs we judge as best under the given circumstances. When material, we utilize the assistance of competent valuation professionals when the underlying valuation is more complex or unique. In most cases, if material, we will exercise significant judgment in estimating the fair value of identifiable intangible assets, contingent liabilities, and property, plant, and equipment. This list is not exhaustive, but is designed to give you a better understanding of where we think a larger degree of judgment will be required due to the nature of the item and the way it is typically valued. 
 
 The Company makes an initial allocation of the purchase price at the date of acquisition based upon its understanding of the fair value of the acquired assets, including identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities. We obtain this information during due diligence and through other sources. In the months after closing, as we obtain additional information about these assets and liabilities, including through tangible asset appraisals, and learn more about the newly acquired business, we are able to refine the estimates of fair value and more accurately allocate the purchase price. The determination of identifiable intangible assets is 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 subjective and generally requires complex valuation methodologies including the relief from royalty method and multi-period excess earnings method, for which we generally use a third-party valuation specialist. The identifiable intangible assets are impacted by a number of judgmental assumptions including future net revenue growth rates and EBITDA margins on such net revenue, customer attrition rates, and the discount rates. 
 
 See Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K, for further information on recent business combinations. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Hillenbrand (www.Hillenbrand.com) is a global industrial company that provides highly-engineered processing equipment and solutions to customers around the world. Our portfolio is composed of leading industrial brands that serve large, attractive end markets, including durable plastics, food, and recycling. Guided by our Purpose, Shape What Matters For Tomorrow , we pursue excellence, collaboration, and innovation to shape solutions that best serve our people, our customers, and our communities. Customers choose Hillenbrand due to our reputation for designing, manufacturing, and servicing highly-engineered, mission-critical equipment and solutions that meet their unique and complex processing requirements. 
 
 Hillenbrand s portfolio is composed of two reportable operating segments: Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions. Advanced Process Solutions is a leading global provider of highly-engineered process and material handling equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and services for a variety of industries, including durable plastics, food, and recycling. Key technologies within the Advanced Process Solutions portfolio include compounding, extrusion, material handling, conveying, mixing, ingredient automation, portion process, and screening and separating equipment. Molding Technology Solutions is a global leader in highly-engineered equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and service for the plastic technology processing industry. Molding Technology Solutions has a comprehensive product portfolio that includes injection molding and extrusion equipment, hot runner systems, process control systems, mold bases and components, and MRO supplies. These reportable operating segments are characterized by well-known brands that are recognized for technological capabilities and process expertise that can be shared across the reportable operating segments to serve customers globally. These reportable operating segments address macro trends supported by a growing middle class driving demand for plastics in a variety of applications, such as construction, food safety, and recycling. 
 
 We strive to provide superior return for our shareholders, exceptional value for our customers, great professional opportunities for our employees, and to be responsible to our communities through the execution of our profitable growth strategy. We aim to deliver sustainable revenue expansion, profit growth, and substantial free cash flow through our world-class products, solutions, and service, drive continuous improvement through the deployment of the Hillenbrand Operating Model HOM ), and effectively deploy our cash flow to maximize shareholder value creation. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, the following operational decisions and economic developments had an impact on our current and may impact our future cash flows, consolidated results of operations, and financial position. 
 
 Impairment recorded during the year ended September 30, 2024 
 
 In connection with the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the three months ended June 30, 2024, an interim impairment assessment was performed for select indefinite-lived intangible assets, specifically trade names, and select reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment as a result of certain triggering events and changes in circumstances discussed in detail below. As a result of the interim impairment assessment, the Company concluded that the carrying value for that reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in a goodwill impairment charge of 238.0 during the third quarter of 2024. The pre-impairment goodwill balance for this reporting unit was 417.0. Additionally, under the relief-from-royalty fair value method, the Company concluded that the carrying value of a trade name associated with that same reporting unit exceeded its fair value. As a result, an impairment charge of 27.0 was recorded for this trade name during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 Divestiture of Batesville 
 
 On February 1, 2023, the Company completed the divestiture of its historical Batesville reportable operating segment to BL Memorial Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company owned by funds affiliated with LongRange Capital, L.P., for 761.5, including an 11.5 subordinated note. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 This divestiture represented a strategic shift in Hillenbrand s business and qualified as a discontinued operation. Unless otherwise noted, amounts presented in Management s Discussion and Analysis are for continuing operations only and excludes the historical Batesville operating segment. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Acquisition of Schenck Process Food and Performance Materials Business 
 
 On September 1, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of FPM for total aggregate consideration of 763.3, net of certain customary post-closing adjustments, and including cash acquired. The Company used available borrowings under its multi-currency revolving credit facility (the Facility to fund this acquisition. Headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, FPM specializes in the design, manufacturing, and service of feeding, filtration, baking, and material handling technologies and systems that are highly complementary to the equipment and solutions offered in our Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. The results of FPM since the date of acquisition are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. As of August 1, 2024, the Schenck Process Food and Performance Materials business has been rebranded under Hillenbrand s existing Coperion brand. 
 
 Acquisition of Peerless Food Equipment 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the Peerless Food Equipment division Peerless of Illinois Tool Works Inc. for a purchase price of 59.2, net of certain customary post-closing adjustments and including cash acquired, using available borrowings under the Facility. Headquartered in Sidney, Ohio, Peerless is a premier supplier of industrial food processing equipment. The equipment and solutions offered by Peerless are highly complementary to those offered by the Linxis brands. The results of Peerless since the date of acquisition are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. 
 
 Acquisition of LINXIS Group SAS 
 
 On October 6, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of LINXIS Group SAS Linxis from IBERIS INTERNATIONAL S. R.L, an affiliate of IK Partners, and additional sellers (collectively, the Sellers ). As a result of the acquisition, the Company acquired from the Sellers all of the issued and outstanding securities of Linxis, and Linxis became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company for total aggregate consideration of 590.8 596.2) in cash, reflecting an approximate enterprise value of 566.8 572.0) plus cash acquired at closing, subject to post-closing adjustments. The Company used available borrowings under the Facility to fund this acquisition. 
 
 Linxis six market-leading brands Bakon, Diosna, Shaffer, Shick Esteve, Unifiller, and VMI serve customers in over 100 countries. With a global manufacturing, sales, and service footprint, Linxis specializes in design, manufacturing, and service of dosing, kneading, mixing, granulating, drying, and coating technologies. The results of Linxis since the date of acquisition are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company announced a program (the Program to reduce costs and improve operational efficiency within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment for an estimated total cost of 26.2. The Company expects that substantially all of the initial costs to complete the Program, which are primarily severance costs, will result in future cash expenditures, and we anticipate the majority of these cash expenditures to be paid during fiscal 2025. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 OPERATIONS REVIEW CONSOLIDATED 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Net Revenue Amount of Net Revenue Net revenue 3,182.8 100.0 2,826.0 100.0 Gross profit 1,056.5 33.2 948.2 33.6 Operating expenses 707.8 22.2 574.0 20.3 Amortization expense 102.4 79.6 Impairment charges 265.0 Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment (36.0) Pension settlement charges 35.2 Interest expense 121.5 77.7 Income tax expense 64.8 102.8 Net (loss) income attributable to Hillenbrand (211.0) 569.7 

Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net revenue increased 356.8 (13 ). 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions net revenue increased 464.5 (25 primarily driven by the impact of the FPM acquisition 489.6), higher aftermarket parts and service net revenue, and favorable pricing, partially offset by a decrease in capital equipment sales volumes. Foreign currency impact increased net revenue by 1 . 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions net revenue decreased 107.7 (11 ), primarily driven by a decrease in injection molding and hot runner equipment sales volumes. 
 
 Gross profit increased 108.3 (11 ). Gross profit margin decreased 40 basis points to 33.2 . On an adjusted basis, which excluded inventory step-up costs related to acquisitions 0.6 in 2024 and 11.7 in 2023), restructuring and restructuring-related charges 20.3 in 2024 and 2.3 in 2023), and business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 1.2 in 2023), gross profit increased 114.2 (12 ), and adjusted gross profit margin decreased 20 basis points to 33.9 . 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions gross profit increased 160.4 (25 ), primarily due to the impact of the FPM acquisition, favorable pricing, and a decrease in inventory step-up costs related to acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in capital equipment sales volumes and cost inflation. Foreign currency impact increased gross profit by 1 . Gross profit margin decreased 20 basis points to 35.5 in 2024, primarily due to cost inflation, partially offset by favorable pricing and a decrease in inventory step-up costs. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions gross profit included inventory step-up costs related to acquisitions 0.6 in 2024 and 11.7 in 2023), business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 0.5 in 2023), and restructuring and restructuring-related charges 0.3 in 2024). Excluding these charges, adjusted gross profit increased 149.4 (23 and adjusted gross profit margin decreased 90 basis points to 35.5 . 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions gross profit decreased 52.1 (18 ), primarily driven by a decrease in injection molding and hot runner equipment sales volumes, an increase in restructuring and restructuring-related charges, and cost inflation, partially offset by favorable product mix. Gross profit margin decreased 230 basis points to 27.3 in 2024, primarily driven by restructuring and restructuring-related charges and cost inflation, partially offset by favorable product mix. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions gross profit included restructuring and restructuring-related charges 20.0 in 2024 and 2.3 in 2023) and business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 0.7 in 2023). Excluding these charges, adjusted gross profit decreased 35.2 (12 and adjusted gross profit margin decreased 30 basis points to 29.6 . 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Operating expenses increased 133.8 (23 ), primarily driven by the impact of the FPM acquisition, an increase in business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs, cost inflation, an increase in restructuring and restructuring-related charges, and other non-recurring costs in the current year related to a discrete commercial dispute stemming from a customer contract entered into prior to the acquisition of the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment, partially offset by an increase in equity earnings from affiliates. Foreign currency impact increased operating expenses by 1 . Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased 190 basis points to 22.2 . Operating expenses included the following items: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 72.0 45.0 Restructuring and restructuring-related charges 8.4 2.8 Other non-recurring costs related to a discrete commercial dispute 6.1 
 
 On an adjusted basis, which excludes business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs, restructuring and restructuring-related charges, and other non-recurring co sts in the current year related to the discrete commercial dispute described above, operating expenses increased 95.1 (18 ), which included unfavorable foreign currency impact (1 ). Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased 90 basis points to 19.5 . 
 
 Amortization expense increased 22.8 (29 ), primarily due to the impact of recent acquisitions. 
 
 Impairment charges were 265.0 due to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information on the impairment charges. 
 
 Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment was 36.0 primarily due to the sale of property located in Ohio during the year ended September 30, 2024. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information on the gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment. 
 
 Pension settlement charges were 35.2 as a result of the termination and liquidation of the U.S. defined benefit pension plan (the Plan during the year ended September 30, 2024. See Note 8 our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information on the pension settlement charges. 
 
 Interest expense increased 43.8 (56 ), primarily due to increased borrowing for recent acquisitions. For further information, see Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The effective tax rate was (46.5) in fiscal 2024 compared to 47.4 in fiscal 2023. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by the negative effect of the loss from continuing operations before income taxes, primarily driven by the impairment charges in the current year, an increase in tax accrual for uncertain tax positions primarily related to corporate restructuring activities, and an increase in withholding tax expense for repatriation of foreign earnings, partially offset by non-recurring tax benefits related to the finalization of prior period tax returns. 

OPERATIONS REVIEW ADVANCED PROCESS SOLUTIONS 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Net Revenue Amount of Net Revenue Net revenue 2,288.0 100.0 1,823.5 100.0 Gross profit 811.9 35.5 651.5 35.7 Operating expenses 451.1 19.7 337.6 18.5 Amortization expense 67.2 44.2 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net revenue increased 464.5 (25 primarily driven by the impact of the FPM acquisition 489.6), higher aftermarket parts and service net revenue, and favorable pricing, partially offset by a decrease in capital equipment sales volumes. Foreign currency impact increased net revenue by 1 . 
 38 

Table of Contents 

We expect future net revenue for Advanced Process Solutions to continue to be influenced by order backlog because of the lead time involved in fulfilling engineered-to-order equipment and solutions for customers. Though backlog can be an indicator of future net revenue, it does not include projects and aftermarket parts orders that are booked and shipped within the same quarter. The timing of order placement, size of orders, extent of order customization, and customer delivery dates can create fluctuations in backlog and net revenue. Net revenue attributable to backlog is also affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations for orders denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Order backlog decreased 185.0 (10 from 1,866.4 at September 30, 2023, to 1,681.4 at September 30, 2024. The decrease in order backlog was primarily driven by the execution of existing order backlog and a decrease in capital equipment orders, partially offset by a favorable foreign currency impact (4 ). On a sequential basis, order backlog decreased 54.3 (3 to 1,681.4 at September 30, 2024, down from 1,735.7 at June 30, 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in capital equipment orders, partially offset by favorable foreign currency impact (3 ). 
 
 Gross profit increased 160.4 (25 ), primarily due to the impact of the FPM acquisition, favorable pricing, and a decrease in inventory step-up costs related to acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in capital equipment sales volumes and cost inflation. Foreign currency impact increased gross profit by 1 . Gross profit margin decreased 20 basis points to 35.5 in 2024, primarily due to cost inflation, partially offset by favorable pricing and a decrease in inventory step-up costs. 
 
 Advanced Process Solutions gross profit included inventory step-up costs related to acquisitions 0.6 in 2024 and 11.7 in 2023), business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 0.5 in 2023), and restructuring and restructuring-related charges 0.3 in 2024). Excluding these charges, adjusted gross profit increased 149.4 (23 and adjusted gross profit margin decreased 90 basis points to 35.5 . 
 
 Operating expenses increased 113.5 (34 ), primarily driven by the impact of the FPM acquisition, an increase in business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs, and cost inflation. Foreign currency impact decreased operating expenses by 1 . Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased 120 basis points to 19.7 . 
 
 Operating expenses included business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 30.3 in 2024 and 8.1 in 2023) and restructuring and restructuring-related charges 1.6 in 2024 and 1.5 in 2023). Excluding these items, adjusted operating expenses increased 91.2 (28 ). Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased 30 basis points to 18.3 . 
 
 Amortization expense increased 23.0 (52 ), primarily due to the impact of recent acquisitions. 

OPERATIONS REVIEW MOLDING TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Net Revenue Amount of Net Revenue Net revenue 894.8 100.0 1,002.5 100.0 Gross profit 244.6 27.3 296.7 29.6 Operating expenses 175.1 19.6 140.0 14.0 Amortization expense 35.2 35.4 Impairment charges 265.0 Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment (36.0) 

Year Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net revenue decreased 107.7 (11 ), primarily driven by a decrease in injection molding and hot runner equipment sales volumes. 
 
 Order backlog decreased 2.1 (1 from 233.2 at September 30, 2023, to 231.1 at September 30, 2024. Foreign currency impact increased order backlog by 1 . On a sequential basis, order backlog decreased 7.4 (3 to 231.1 at September 30, 2024, down from 238.5 at June 30, 2024. The decrease in order backlog was primarily driven by the execution of existing backlog, partially offset by favorable foreign currency impact (1 ). 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Gross profit decreased 52.1 (18 primarily driven by a decrease in injection molding and hot runner equipment sales volumes, an increase in restructuring and restructuring-related charges, and cost inflation, partially offset by favorable product mix. Gross profit margin decreased 230 basis points to 27.3 in 2024, primarily driven by restructuring and restructuring-related charges and cost inflation, partially offset by favorable product mix. 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions gross profit included restructuring and restructuring-related charges 20.0 in 2024 and 2.3 in 2023) and business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 0.7 in 2023). Excluding these charges, adjusted gross profit decreased 35.2 (12 and adjusted gross profit margin decreased 30 basis points to 29.6 . 
 
 Operating expenses increased 35.1, primarily driven by an increase in business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs, an increase in restructuring and restructuring-related charges, cost inflation, other non-recurring costs in the current year related to a discrete commercial dispute stemming from a customer contract entered into prior to the acquisition of the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment, and an increase in trade show expenses in the current year, partially offset b y savings from restructuring and cost containment actions. Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased 560 basis points to 19.6 . 
 
 Operating expenses included business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 16.0 in 2024 and 1.8 in 2023) and restructuring and restructuring-related charges 6.7 in 2024 and 1.1 in 2023). Excluding these charges, adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased 260 basis points to 16.3 . 

REVIEW OF CORPORATE EXPENSES 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount of Net Revenue Amount of Net Revenue Core operating expenses 55.9 1.8 61.1 2.2 Business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs 25.7 0.8 35.1 1.2 Restructuring and restructuring-related charges 0.2 Operating expenses 81.6 2.6 96.4 3.4 
 
 Corporate operating expenses include the cost of providing management and administrative services to each reportable operating segment. These services include treasury management, human resources, legal, business development, information technology, tax compliance, procurement, sustainability, and other public company support functions such as internal audit, investor relations, and financial reporting. Corporate operating expenses also include costs related to business acquisition, divestiture, and integration, which we incur as a result of our strategy to grow through selective acquisitions. Core operating expenses primarily represent corporate operating expenses excluding costs related to business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs. 
 
 Business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs include legal, tax, accounting, and other advisory fees and due diligence costs associated with investigating opportunities (including acquisitions and divestitures) and integrating completed acquisitions, and accelerating synergies and cost saving initiatives across the Company. These expenses are incurred in the Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segments, and at Corporate. 
 
 Operating expenses decreased 14.8 (15 in 2024, primarily due to a decrease in business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs, and an increase in equity earnings from affiliates. Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue were 2.6 , an improvement of 80 basis points from the prior year. 
 
 Core operating expenses decreased 5.2 (9 in 2024, primarily due to an increase in equity earnings from affiliates. Core operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue were 1.8 , an improvement of 40 basis points from the prior year. 

NON-GAAP OPERATING PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
 
 The following is a reconciliation from consolidated net (loss) income, the most directly comparable GAAP operating performance measure, to our non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Consolidated net (loss) income (202.0) 576.7 Interest expense, net 121.5 77.7 Income tax expense 64.8 102.8 Depreciation and amortization 158.0 125.6 Consolidated EBITDA 142.3 882.8 Income from discontinued operations (net of income tax (benefit) expense) (2.2) (462.6) Impairment charges (1) 
 265.0 Pension settlement charges (2) 
 35.2 Business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs (3) 
 72.2 46.2 Inventory step-up costs 0.6 11.7 Restructuring and restructuring-related charges (4) 
 26.2 5.1 Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment (33.7) Other non-recurring costs related to a discrete commercial dispute 6.1 Adjusted EBITDA from Continuing Operations 511.7 483.2 
 
 (1) Hillenbrand recorded impairment charges to goodwill and certain indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment during 2024. 
 (2) The pension settlement charges during 2024 were due to the termination and liquidation of the Plan during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs during 2024 primarily included costs associated with the integration of recent acquisitions. Business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs during 2023 primarily included professional fees related to the Linxis, Peerless, and FPM acquisitions and professional fees and employee-related costs attributable to the integration of recent acquisitions. 
 (4) Restructuring and restructuring-related charges primarily included severance costs during 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Consolidated net (loss) income for 2024 compared to 2023 decreased 778.7 (135 ). The decrease was primarily driven by decrease in total income from discontinued operations, impairment charges, lower capital equipment sales volumes, cost inflation, an increase in interest expense, pension settlement charges, an increase in business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs, an increase in restructuring and restructuring-related charges, an increase in depreciation and amortization, and other non-recurring costs related to the discrete commercial dispute described above, partially offset by the impact of the FPM acquisition, lower income taxes, favorable pricing, an increase in gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment, current year savings from restructuring actions, favorable product mix, a decrease in inventory step-up costs, and cost containment. 
 
 Consolidated adjusted EBITDA for 2024 compared to 2023 increased 28.5 (6 ). The increase was primarily driven by the impact of the FPM acquisition, favorable pricing, current year savings from restructuring actions, favorable product mix, and cost containment, partially offset by lower capital equipment sales volumes and cost inflation. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 In this section, we discuss our ability to access cash to meet business needs. We discuss how we see cash flow being affected for the next twelve months. We describe actual results in generating and using cash by comparing 2024 to 2023. Finally, we identify other significant matters, such as contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments that could affect liquidity on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Ability to Access Cash 
 
 Our debt financing has historically included revolving credit facilities, term loans, and long-term notes as part of our overall financing strategy. We regularly review and adjust the mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt within our capital structure in order to achieve a target range based on our financing strategy. 
 We have taken proactive measures to maintain financial flexibility. We believe the Company ended the fiscal year with and continues to have sufficient liquidity to operate in the current business environment. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 With respect to the Facility, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had an outstanding balance of 298.5. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 20.3 in outstanding letters of credit issued and 681.2 of available borrowing capacity under the Facility, of which 599.4 was immediately available based on our most restrictive covenant. The Company may request an increase of up to 600.0 in the total borrowing capacity under the Amended Credit Agreement, subject to approval of the lenders. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company provides, primarily to certain customers, bank guarantees and other credit arrangements in support of performance, warranty, advance payment, and other contractual obligations. This form of trade finance is customary in the industry and, as a result, we maintain adequate capacity to provide the guarantees. As of September 30, 2024, we had guarantee arrangements totaling 594.3, under which 400.2 was utilized for this purpose. These arrangements include the Amended L/G Facility Agreement (defined below) under which unsecured letters of credit, bank guarantees, or other surety bonds may be issued. The Company may request an increase to the total capacity under the Amended L/G Facility Agreement by an additional 100, subject to approval of the lenders. 
 
 We have significant operations outside the U.S. We continue to assert that the basis differences in the majority of our foreign subsidiaries continue to be permanently reinvested outside of the U.S. We have recorded tax liabilities associated with distribution taxes on expected distributions of available cash and current earnings. The Company has made, and intends to continue to make, substantial investments in our businesses in foreign jurisdictions to support the ongoing development and growth of our international operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had a transition tax liability of 6.2 pursuant to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The cash at our international subsidiaries, including U.S. subsidiaries participating in non-U.S. cash pooling arrangements, totaled 163.9 at September 30, 2024. We continue to actively evaluate our global capital deployment and cash needs. 
 
 12-month Outlook 
 
 The Company is required to pay a transition tax on unremitted earnings of its foreign subsidiaries, resulting in an estimated liability of 6.2 recorded as of September 30, 2024. The transition tax liability is expected to be paid over the next year. 
 
 On December 2, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to 300.0, which replaced the previous 200.0 share repurchase program. The repurchase program has no expiration date but may be terminated by the Board of Directors at any time. As of September 30, 2024, we repurchased 4,143,000 shares under the December 2, 2021 share repurchase program for approximately 175.0 in the aggregate. At September 30, 2024, we had approximately 125.0 remaining for share repurchases under the existing authorization by the Board of Directors. No repurchases of our common stock were made during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our anticipated contribution to our defined benefit pension plans in 2025 i s 11.8. We will continue to monitor plan funding levels, performance of the assets within the plans, and overall economic activity, and we may make additional discretionary funding decisions based on the net impact of the above factors. 
 
 We currently expect to pay approximately 15.8 in cash dividends each quarter in fiscal 2025 based on our outstanding common stock at September 30, 2024. We increased our quarterly dividend in 2024 to 0.2225 per common share from 0.2200 per common share paid in 2023. 
 
 We believe existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations, borrowings under existing arrangements, and the issuance of debt will be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. Based on these factors, we believe our current liquidity position is sufficient and will continue to meet all of our financial commitments in the current business environment. 
 
 Key Liquidity Events 
 
 On February 14, 2024, the Company issued 500.0 of senior unsecured notes due February 2029 (the 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes were issued at par value and bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.25 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears beginning August 2024. 
 
 On September 23, 2024, the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, the lenders party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ). On September 24, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to the Company s syndicated L/G facility agreement, originally dated June 21, 2022, and amended and restated on June 22, 2023 (the Amended L/G Facility Agreement between the Company, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the subsidiary guarantors party 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 thereto, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as mandated lead arranger and bookrunner, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as agent (in such capacity, the Agent ), and the other financial institutions party thereto as mandated lead arrangers, lenders and issuing banks. The Amended Credit Agreement and the Amended L/G Facility Agreement include among other changes, increases of the maximum permitted leverage ratio to 4.50x for the quarters ending September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024, stepping down to 4.25x for the quarter ending March 31, 2025, stepping down to 4.00x for the quarters ending June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025, stepping down to 3.75x for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, and stepping down to 3.50x for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, and thereafter. 
 
 The Company entered into a sale-leaseback transaction during the year ended September 30, 2024 for two of its industrial properties. The Company received net proceeds of 53.7 and recognized a gain of 33.7, which is included in gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Year Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities from continuing operations 191.3 207.0 63.3 Investing activities from continuing operations 26.8 (722.3) (131.7) Financing activities from continuing operations (227.1) 693.4 (244.2) Net cash flows from discontinued operations (23.3) (144.4) 116.1 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 10.0 (21.1) (16.8) Net cash flows (22.3) 12.6 (213.3) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Operating activities from continuing operations provided 191.3 of cash during 2024, and provided 207.0 of cash during 2023, a 15.7 (8 decrease. The decrease in operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was primarily due to unfavorable timing of working capital requirements related to capital equipment sales, partially offset by cash received as a result of the termination and liquidation of the Plan. We utilize a trade receivables financing agreement with a deferred purchase price feature. Under applicable accounting guidance, the proceeds received (collections) from the deferred purchase price component of our trade receivables financing agreement is required to be classified as a cash flow provided by investing activities from continuing operations. Had the proceeds received instead been classified as an operating cash flow with other trade receivables activity, cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations would have been 25.6 and 0 higher for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Working capital requirements for our reportable operating segments fluctuate and may continue to fluctuate in the future due primarily to the type of product and geography of customer projects in process at any point in time. Working capital needs are lower when advance payments from customers are more heavily weighted toward the beginning of the project. Conversely, working capital needs are higher when a larger portion of the cash is to be received in later stages of manufacturing. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 The 749.1 increase in net cash flows from investing activities from continuing operations during 2024 was primarily due to the acquisitions of FPM, Linxis and Peerless in the prior year, partially offset by the proceeds received on the divestiture of Batesville in the prior year, an increase in proceeds from sales of property, plant, and equipment, an increase in the collections of deferred purchase price receivables associated with our factoring arrangement, and a decrease in capital expenditures. See Notes 4 and 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for further information on these acquisitions and divestitures. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for further information on collections of deferred purchase price receivables associated with our factoring arrangement. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities from continuing operations was largely impacted by net borrowing activity. Our general practice is to use available cash to pay down debt unless it is needed for an acquisition. Cash used in financing activities from continuing operations during 2024 was 227.1, primarily due to the repayment of the 400.0 of senior unsecured notes that were due June 2025, net repayments on the multi-currency revolving credit facility of 228.4, and payment of dividends on common stock, partially offset by the proceeds from the issuance of the 500.0 of senior unsecured notes due February 2029. Cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations during 2023 was 693.4, primarily due to net borrowings to fund acquisitions and payment of dividends on common stock. 
 
 We returned 62.5 to shareholders in 2024 in the form of quarterly dividends compared to 61.3 in 2023. We increased our quarterly dividend in 2024 to 0.2225 per common share from 0.2200 paid during 2023. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As part of its normal course of business, Hillenbrand is a party to various financial guarantees and other commitments. These arrangements involve elements of performance and credit risk that are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The possibility that Hillenbrand would have to make actual cash expenditures in connection with these obligations is largely dependent on the performance of the guaranteed party, or the occurrence of future events that Hillenbrand is unable to predict. We have no off-balance sheet financing agreements or guarantees as of September 30, 2024 that we believe are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, consolidated results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
 
 The following table summarizes our future obligations not quantified and disclosed elsewhere in this Form 10-K as of September 30, 2024. This will help give you an understanding of the significance of cash outlays that are fixed beyond the normal accounts payable and other obligations we have already incurred, have recorded, and disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 
 Payment Due by Period (in millions) Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 4-5 Years After 5 Years Interest on financing agreements (1) 
 354.9 100.5 166.4 69.4 18.6 Purchase obligations (2) 
 326.5 307.8 18.6 0.1 Other obligations (3) 
 45.8 38.3 6.9 0.3 0.3 Total contractual obligations (4)(5) 
 727.2 446.6 191.9 69.8 18.9 
 
 (1) Cash obligations for interest requirements relate to our fixed-rate debt obligations at the contractual rates as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. 
 (3) Primarily includes estimated payments for the transition tax liability, the estimated liquidation of liabilities related to both our self-insurance reserves, and severance payments. 
 (4) We have excluded from the table our 77.9 liability related to uncertain tax positions as the current portion is not significant, and we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term portion. 
 (5) See Notes 6, 7, and 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for lease, financing, and pension obligations, respectively. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Summarized Financial Information for Guarantors and the Issuer of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 Summarized financial information of Hillenbrand (the Parent and our subsidiaries that are guarantors of our senior unsecured notes (the Guarantor Subsidiaries is shown below on a combined basis as the Obligor Group. The Company s senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and financial information of the Obligor Group. All intercompany balances and transactions between the Parent and Guarantor Subsidiaries have been eliminated and all information excludes subsidiaries that are not issuers or guarantors of our senior unsecured notes, including earnings from and investments in these entities. 
 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Combined Balance Sheets Information: Current assets (1) 
 2,077.4 2,710.8 Non-current assets 6,453.1 3,533.3 Current liabilities 753.3 985.1 Non-current liabilities 1,591.6 1,583.5 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Combined Statements of Operations Information: Net revenue (2) 
 784.3 441.5 Gross profit 215.2 93.0 Net (loss) income attributable to Obligors (84.2) 223.2 
 
 (1) Current assets include intercompany receivables from non-guarantors of 1,487.7 and 2,070.6 as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Net revenue includes intercompany sales with non-guarantors of 11.3 and 5.0 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards 
 
 For a summary of recently issued and adopted accounting standards applicable to us, see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K, none of which has or is expected to have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 In this section, we tell you about market risks we think could have a significant impact on our bottom line or the financial strength of our Company. The term market risk generally means how consolidated results of operations and the value of assets and liabilities could be affected by market factors such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, the value of commodities, and debt and equity price risks. If those factors change significantly, it could help or hurt our bottom line, depending on how we react to them. 
 
 We are exposed to various market risks. We have established policies, procedures, and internal processes governing our management of market risks and the use of financial instruments to manage our exposure to such risks. Our primary exposures are typically to: fluctuations in market prices for purchases of certain commodities; volatility in interest rates associated with the Facility; volatility in the fair value of the assets held by our pension plans; and variability in exchange rates in foreign locations. 
 
 We are subject to market risk from fluctuating market prices of certain purchased commodity raw materials including steel. While these materials are typically available from multiple suppliers, commodity raw materials are subject to market price fluctuations. We generally buy these commodities based upon market prices that are established with the supplier as part of the purchasing process. We generally attempt to obtain firm pricing from our larger suppliers for volumes consistent with planned production. To the extent that commodity prices increase and we do not have firm pricing from our suppliers, or if our suppliers are not able to honor such prices, we may experience a decline in our gross margins to the extent we are not able to increase selling prices of our products or obtain supply chain efficiencies, including as a result of current global supply chain disruptions, to offset increases in commodity costs. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

At September 30, 2024, our variable rate debt obligations were 677.5, which included borrowings on the Facility. We are subject to interest rate risk associated with such borrowings, which bear a variable rate of interest that is based upon, at the Company s option, (A) if denominated in U.S. dollars, at the Term SOFR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate (each as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), (B) if denominated in Japanese Yen, Canadian dollars or Euros, at rates based on the rates offered for deposits in the applicable interbank markets for such currencies and (C) if denominated in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs, at SONIA and SARON, respectively (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus, in each case, a margin based on the Company s leverage ratio. The interest we pay on such borrowings is dependent on interest rate conditions and the timing of our financing needs. If we assumed borrowings under our variable rate debt obligations remained unchanged for the next fiscal year, a one percentage point change in the related interest rates would decrease or increase our annual interest expense by approximately 6.8. 
 
 We are subject to variability in foreign currency exchange rates in our international operations. Exposure to this variability is periodically managed through the use of natural hedges and also by entering into currency exchange agreements. The aggregate notional amount of all derivative instruments was 172.5 and 164.6 at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The carrying value of all of the Company s derivative instruments at fair value resulted in assets of 19.0 and 1.5 (included in prepaid expenses and other current assets) and liabilities of 40.5 and 1.7 (included in other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities) at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fair value of these financial instruments would hypothetically change by 4.1 and 1.2 as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, if there were a 10 movement in end-of-period market rates. 
 
 The translation of the financial statements of our non-U.S. operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars is also sensitive to changes in foreign exchange rates. These translation gains or losses are recorded as cumulative translation adjustments CTA within accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The hypothetical change in CTA is calculated by multiplying the net assets of our non-U.S. operations by a 10 change in the applicable foreign exchange rates. The result of the appreciation or depreciation of all applicable currencies against the U.S. dollar would be a change in shareholders equity of 125.3 and 122.0 as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 48 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID 
 49 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 , and 20 2 2 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 , and 202 2 
 54 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 , and 202 2 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 , and 202 2 
 57 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 - 99 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule for years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 101 

47 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, management has conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) . The Company s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Based on our assessment under the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework), issued by the COSO, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included herein. 
 
 By: /s/ Megan A. Walke Megan A. Walke Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer By: /s/ Robert M. VanHimbergen Robert M. VanHimbergen Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ Kimberly K. Ryan 
 Kimberly K. Ryan President and Chief Executive Officer 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Hillenbrand, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Hillenbrand, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Hillenbrand, Inc. (the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated November 19, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 November 19, 2024 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Hillenbrand, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hillenbrand, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively, referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 19, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Over Time Revenue Recognition for Large Long-Term Manufacturing Contracts 
 Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, 1,220.1 million of the Company s total net revenue for the year ended September 30, 2024, relates to net revenue recognized over time from manufacturing contracts and is based on the cost-to-cost input method. Under this method, the Company recognizes net revenue, cost of goods sold and gross margin over time based on costs incurred to date relative to total estimated cost at completion. 
 
 Auditing the Company s measurement of net revenue recognized over time on large long-term manufacturing contracts is especially challenging because it involves subjective management assumptions regarding the estimated remaining costs of the large long-term manufacturing contract that could span from several months to several years. These assumptions could be impacted by the complexity and length of the work to be performed, the cost of materials, and the performance of suppliers and subcontractors and may be affected by future market or economic conditions. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s process to recognize net revenue over time on large long-term manufacturing contracts, including internal controls over management s review of the significant underlying assumptions described above. 
 
 Our audit procedures also included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions and the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in management's calculations. This included, for example, inspection of the executed contract and testing management's cost estimates by comparing the inputs to the Company s historical data or experience for similar contracts, the performance of sensitivity analyses on gross margins and the performance of retrospective review analysis of prior management cost estimates to actual costs incurred for completed contracts. Additionally, procedures were performed to evaluate the timely identification of circumstances which may warrant a modification to a previous cost estimate, including changes in the Company s internal and subcontractor performance trends. 

Evaluation of Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Impairment for Certain Reporting Units and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets within the Molding Technology Solutions and Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segments 
 Description of the Matter 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had 405.5 million and 85.1 million of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, respectively, within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment, and 1,430.2 million and 112.3 million of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, respectively, within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually on July 1st, or more frequently upon the occurrence of triggering events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset may have decreased below the carrying value. During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, as a result of certain triggering events and changes in circumstances, the Company determined an interim impairment assessment was required for certain reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment. As a result of the interim impairment assessment, the Company recorded a 238.0 million goodwill impairment charge related to one of the reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment. Additionally, as a result of the interim impairment assessment, the Company recorded a 27.0 million impairment charge related to an indefinite-lived intangible asset within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment. The Company s annual impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 did not result in an impairment of goodwill for any of the Company s reporting units or impairment of any of the Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets. There were no impairment indicators identified in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 which had not been considered as part of the July 1st annual impairment assessment. 
 
 Auditing management s interim and annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment assessments related to certain reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Molding Technology Solutions and Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segments was challenging due to the complexity of forecasting the long-term cash flows of these reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets and the significant estimation uncertainty of certain assumptions included within such forecasts. The significant estimation uncertainty was primarily due to the sensitivity of the reporting units and indefinite-lived intangibles assets fair value to changes in the significant assumptions used in the income and relief-from-royalty approaches, as applicable, such as forecasted net revenue, earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margins, discount rates, and royalty rates. These significant assumptions require a high degree of estimation and judgment based on an evaluation of historical performance, current and forecasted industry trends, and macroeconomic conditions. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s interim and annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment process, including internal controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above as well as internal controls over management s review of its financial forecasts and carrying values of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of certain reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Molding Technology Solutions and Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segments, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, using an internal valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodologies and certain significant assumptions used by the Company, specifically the discount rates. We assessed the reasonableness of the Company s assumptions around forecasted net revenue, EBITDA margins, discount rates, and royalty rates by comparing those assumptions to recent historical performance, current and forecasted economic and industry trends, recent transactions and financial forecasts. We also assessed the reasonableness of estimates included in the Company s financial forecasts by evaluating how such assumptions compared to economic, industry, and peer expectations. We evaluated management s historical accuracy of forecasting net revenue and EBITDA margins by comparing past forecasts to subsequent actual activity. We performed various sensitivity analyses around these significant assumptions to understand the impact on the reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets fair value calculations. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

November 19, 2024 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 HILLENBRAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Net revenue Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses Amortization expense Impairment charges Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment ) Pension settlement charges Loss on divestitures Interest expense, net (Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes ) Income tax expense (Loss) income from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations (net of income tax (benefit) expense) Gain on divestiture of discontinued operations (net of income tax expense) Total income from discontinued operations Consolidated net (loss) income ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (loss) income attributable to Hillenbrand ) (Loss) earnings per share Basic (loss) earnings per share (Loss) income from continuing operations attributable to Hillenbrand ) Income from discontinued operations Net (loss) income attributable to Hillenbrand ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share (Loss) income from continuing operations attributable to Hillenbrand ) Income from discontinued operations Net (loss) income attributable to Hillenbrand ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 HILLENBRAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Consolidated net (loss) income ) Changes in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Currency translation adjustment (1) 
 ) Pension and postretirement ) Change in net unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Consolidated comprehensive (loss) income ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Hillenbrand ) 
 
 (1) Includes gains and losses on intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 HILLENBRAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions) 
 
 September 30, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, net Receivables from long-term manufacturing contracts Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other long-term assets Total Assets LIABILITIES Current Liabilities Trade accounts payable Liabilities from long-term manufacturing contracts and advances Current portion of long-term debt Accrued compensation Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrued pension and postretirement healthcare Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) and shares issued, and shares outstanding) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock and shares), at cost 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Hillenbrand Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling interests Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Equity See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 HILLENBRAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Operating activities from continuing operations Consolidated net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile (loss) income from continuing operations to cash provided by operating activities: Total income from discontinued operations (net of income tax (benefit) expense) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment ) Pension settlement charges Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Share-based compensation Loss on divestitures Trade receivables and receivables from long-term manufacturing contracts ) ) ) Inventories, net ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Trade accounts payable ) ) Liabilities from long-term manufacturing contracts and advances, accrued compensation, and other current liabilities ) ) ) Income taxes payable ) Accrued pension and postretirement ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations Investing activities from continuing operations Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant, and equipment Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from divestitures, net of cash divested ) Collection of deferred purchase price receivables Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations ) ) Financing activities from continuing operations Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from revolving credit facilities Repayments on revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Payment of dividends on common stock ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from stock option exercises and other Payments for employee taxes on net settlement equity awards ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities from continuing operations ) ) Cash (used in) provided by continuing operations ) ) Cash (used in) provided by discontinued operations: Operating cash flows ) ) Investing cash flows ) ) Total cash (used in) provided by discontinued operations ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net cash flows ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: At beginning of period At end of period Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 HILLENBRAND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 
 Shareholders of Hillenbrand, Inc. Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Total Shares Shares Amount Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Net income Issuance/retirement of stock for stock awards/options ) ) Share-based compensation Purchases of common stock ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Net income Issuance/retirement of stock for stock awards/options ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Acquisition of non-controlling interest Purchase of non-controlling interest ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Net (loss) income ) ) Issuance/retirement of stock for stock awards/options ) ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 HILLENBRAND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 

1. 
 reportable operating segments: Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions. Advanced Process Solutions is a leading global provider of highly-engineered process and material handling equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and services for a variety of industries, including durable plastics, food, and recycling. Key technologies within the Advanced Process Solutions portfolio include compounding, extrusion, material handling, conveying, mixing, ingredient automation, portion process, and screening and separating equipment. Molding Technology Solutions is a global leader in highly-engineered equipment, systems, and aftermarket parts and service for the plastic technology processing industry. Molding Technology Solutions has a comprehensive product portfolio that includes injection molding and extrusion equipment, hot runner systems, process control systems, mold bases and components, and maintenance, repair, and operating MRO supplies. 

2. 

. The portion of the businesses that are not owned by the Company is presented as noncontrolling interests within shareholders equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income attributable to the noncontrolling interests is separately reported within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

58 

Table of Contents 

Short-term restricted cash included in other current assets Long-term restricted cash included in other long-term assets Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 In connection with the termination and liquidation of the U.S. defined benefit pension plan (the Plan ), as discussed in Note 8 Retirement Benefits, certain surplus assets within the Plan were returned to the Company. Under Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 4980, employers that transfer surplus assets from a terminated defined benefit plan to a qualified replacement plan, such as a defined contribution plan, can avoid excise taxes provided that the entire surplus is transferred and that the excess assets are assigned to cover future non-matching contributions. The Company intends to use 100 of these surplus assets to offset non-elective contributions in our defined contribution plans, which represent qualified replacement plans in accordance with the IRC Section 4980, and therefore we consider these surplus assets restricted. Upon return to the Company, these surplus assets are invested in cash equivalents, and represent substantially all of our restricted cash at September 30, 2024. While the underlying cash equivalents have maturities of three months or less, the restricted cash is classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the intended timing of future contributions to our defined contribution plans. 

and , respectively. 

Work in process Finished goods Total inventories 

years for buildings and improvements and three to years for machinery and equipment. Major improvements that extend the useful lives of such assets are capitalized while expenditures for maintenance, repairs, and minor improvements are expensed as incurred. Upon disposal or retirement, the cost and accumulated depreciation of assets are eliminated. Any gain or loss is reflected within gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company reviews these assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated future undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset (i.e. fair value) are less than its carrying amount. The impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its fair value. There was impairment loss during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, or 2022. Total depreciation expense for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was , , and , respectively. Property, plant, and equipment are summarized as follows at: 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Buildings and building equipment ) ) Machinery and equipment ) ) Total ) ) 

Acquisitions (1) 
 Acquisition measurement period adjustments ) ) Foreign currency adjustments ) Balance September 30, 2023 Impairment charges ) ) Acquisition measurement period adjustments ) ) Foreign currency adjustments Balance September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Goodwill associated with the acquisitions of LINXIS Group SAS Linxis ), the Peerless Food Equipment business Peerless ), and the Schenck Process Food and Performance Materials FPM business 
 
 Testing for impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets must be performed annually, or on an interim basis upon the occurrence of triggering events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate that the fair value of the 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 61 

Table of Contents 

 during the third quarter of 2024. The pre-impairment goodwill balance for this reporting unit was . 
 
 Additionally, under the relief-from-royalty fair value method, the Company concluded during the third quarter of 2024 that the carrying value of a trade name exceeded its fair value associated with that same reporting unit. As a result, an impairment charge of was recorded for this trade name during the third quarter of 2024. The pre-impairment balance for this trade name was . The goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges are nondeductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Summary 
 
 As a result of these factors and other factors discussed above, and the limited cushion (or headroom as commonly referred) due to recent acquisitions, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for the reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment are more susceptible to impairment risk. The estimated fair value, as calculated during the interim and annual impairment assessments, for all the reporting units within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment ranged from approximately to greater than their carrying value (versus to at the previous annual goodwill impairment assessment date). The estimated fair value, as calculated on July 1, 2024, for a reporting unit within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment was approximately greater than its carrying value (this is a newly identified reporting unit as the result of the integration of recent acquisitions). Each of the other reporting units within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment had significant cushion or headroom at the annual impairment assessment date. 
 
 The Company compared the total fair values of all reporting units to the Company's market capitalization on July 1, 2024, to determine if the fair values were reasonable. The Company's aggregate fair value of all reporting units exceeded the market capitalization at the annual goodwill impairment assessment date by approximately (representing an implied control premium). Recent comparable (industrial companies) market transactions over the past 5 years would imply control premiums in a median range of 22 - 32 at the median (i.e., the premium of an offer price over the closing stock price immediately preceding an announced transaction), indicating a level of conservatism in in the Company s annual goodwill impairment assessment. 
 
 The Company is required to provide additional disclosures about fair value measurements as part of the Consolidated Financial Statements for each major category of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis (including impairment assessments). Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets were valued using Level 3 inputs, which are unobservable by nature, and included internal estimates of future cash flows (income approach). Significant increases (decreases) in any of those unobservable inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. 

years, representing the period over which the Company expects to receive future economic benefits from these intangible assets. The Company assesses the carrying value of indefinite-lived trade names annually, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate there may be impairment. Estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets for the next five years is: in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028, and in 2029. Intangible assets are summarized as follows at: 
 ) ) Technology, including patents ) ) Software ) ) Trade names ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived assets: Trade names Total ) ) 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Finite-lived intangible assets, net of and are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Indefinite-lived intangible assets of and are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The net change in intangible assets in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was driven primarily by acquisition measurement period adjustments, amortization, and foreign currency adjustments. 
 
 Finite-lived intangible assets, net of and are included in the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Indefinite-lived intangible assets of and are included in the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment at September 30, 2024 and 2023. The net change in indefinite-lived intangible assets in the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was driven primarily by an impairment charge of as discussed previously, and foreign currency adjustments. The net change in finite-lived intangible assets in the Molding Technology reportable operating segment during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was driven primarily by amortization and foreign currency adjustments. 
 
 Annual impairment assessment 
 
 As a result of the required annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment performed in the fourth quarter of 2024 and 2023, as discussed in the goodwill section above, the fair value of indefinite-lived trade names were determined to exceed the carrying value for all indefinite-lived trade names, resulting in impairment to indefinite-lived trade names at the annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment date, during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022. The key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Company s indefinite-lived trade names are consistent with those described in the goodwill section above, with the exception of the royalty rate utilized in the relief-from-royalty method, which ranged from to . 
 
 Interim impairment assessment 
 
 An impairment charge of was recorded to indefinite-lived intangible assets as a result of an interim impairment review triggered during the third quarter of 2024. See discussion of interim indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment in the goodwill section above for further information on the impairment charge. 
 
 Summary 
 
 The estimated fair value, as calculated during the interim and annual impairment assessments, for the indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment were less than 5 greater than their carrying value (versus 11 at the previous annual indefinite-lived intangible asset assessment date). The indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment have significant cushion or headroom at the annual impairment assessment date. 

interest in TerraSource Holdings, LLC Holdings ), which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting as we have significant influence over the operating and financial policies of Holdings, however, do not control Holdings. When we record our proportionate share of net income, we record it as a reduction to Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and increase the carrying value of our equity method investment. Conversely, when we record our proportionate share of a net loss, if applicable we record it within Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and decrease the carrying value of our equity method investment. The value of our equity method investment in Holdings, which is recorded in Other long-term assets, was and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recorded our proportionate share of net income (loss) of Holdings of , , and ) for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, 2022, as a reduction decrease (increase) of Operating expenses. 

63 

Table of Contents 

per occurrence, depending upon the type of coverage and policy period. The Company s policy is to estimate reserves for product and general liability, workers compensation, and auto liability based upon a number of factors, including known claims, estimated incurred but not reported claims, and outside actuarial analysis. The outside actuarial analysis is based on historical information along with certain assumptions about future events. These reserves are classified as other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

shares repurchased during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company repurchased shares for in the aggregate. Such shares were classified as treasury stock. During the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, there were shares of approximately , , and , respectively, issued from treasury stock under stock compensation programs. 

shares of preferred stock par value), of which shares were issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 ) Pension and postretirement (net of taxes of and 
 ) ) Unrealized loss on derivative instruments (net of taxes of ) and 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 

64 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. The change was driven by the impact of net revenue recognized prior to billings. The balance in the liabilities from long-term manufacturing contracts and advances at September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively, 
 65 

Table of Contents 

, , and for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Warranty costs are recorded as a component of cost of goods sold and were , , and during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

months. Additionally, the Company periodically enters into interest rate swaps to manage or hedge the risks associated with indebtedness and interest payments. The Company s objectives in using these interest rate swaps are to add stability to interest expense and to manage exposure to interest rate movements. 
 
 Contracts designated as cash flow hedges for customer orders or intercompany purchases have an offsetting tax-adjusted amount in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Foreign exchange contracts intended to manage foreign currency exposures within the Consolidated Balance Sheets have an offsetting amount recorded in operating expenses. The cash flows from such hedges are presented in the same category in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as the items being hedged. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 and during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Hillenbrand presents the cross-currency swap agreements periodic settlements in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 The Company measures all derivative instruments at fair value and reports them on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as assets or liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are accounted for depending on the intended use of the derivative, designation of the hedging relationship, and whether or not the criteria to apply hedge accounting have been satisfied. If a derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative and the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged asset or liability are recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss and reclassified to earnings in the same period that the hedged transaction affects earnings. The portion of the gain or loss that does not qualify for hedge accounting is immediately recognized in earnings. 
 The aggregate notional value of the cross currency swap agreements was and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The aggregate notional value of the foreign currency exchange forward contract derivatives was and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The carrying value of all of the Company s derivative instruments at fair value resulted in assets of and (included in prepaid expenses and other current assets) and liabilities of and (included in other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities) at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 14 for additional information on the fair value of the Company s derivative instruments. 

and , respectively. 
 
 Trade receivables financing agreements 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 , , and , and cash collections from customers on trade receivables sold were , and during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company acts as a servicer (collects customer cash on behalf of the financial institution) for one of its trade receivables factoring arrangements. The servicing fee associated with this trade receivables factoring arrangement was not material to the Company for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022. Amounts collected on behalf of the financial institution under this trade receivables factoring arrangement and owed to the financial institution were and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The loss on the sale of trade receivables under the Amended Agreement and other trade receivables factoring arrangements was not material to the Company for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 
 Non-cash additions to DPP receivables Cash collections on DPP receivables ) Ending DPP receivables balance 
 
 , which was included in other current liabilities in the 2023 Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

68 

Table of Contents 

. Approximately of these remaining performance obligations are expected to be satisfied over the next , and the remaining performance obligations, primarily within one to . 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Automotive Chemicals Consumer goods Food and pharmaceuticals Custom molders Packaging Construction Minerals Electronics Medical Other industrial Total 
 
 The following tables present net revenue by geographical market: 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Advanced Process Solutions 
 Molding Technology Solutions Total Advanced Process Solutions 
 Molding Technology Solutions Total Geographical Markets Americas Asia Europe, the Middle East, and Africa Total 
 
 The following tables present net revenue by products and services: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Advanced Process Solutions 
 Molding Technology Solutions Total Advanced Process Solutions 
 Molding Technology Solutions Total Products and Services Equipment Parts and services Total 
 
 The following tables present net revenue by timing of transfer: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Advanced Process Solutions 
 Molding Technology Solutions Total Advanced Process Solutions 
 Molding Technology Solutions Total Timing of Transfer Point in time Over time Total 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 
 , including an subordinated note. At closing, after the applicable adjustments, the Company received in pre-tax cash proceeds, including an adjustment for cash on hand acquired from the Company, and the previously mentioned subordinated note. 
 
 This divestiture represented a strategic shift in Hillenbrand s business and qualified as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, the operating results and cash flows related to Batesville have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented. The Company recognized a pre-tax gain on divestiture, recorded within gain on divestiture of discontinued operations (net of income tax expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Certain indirect corporate costs included within operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations that were previously allocated to Batesville do not qualify for classification within discontinued operations and are now reported as operating expenses in continuing operations within corporate expenses. In addition, costs directly attributable to Batesville have been reflected in discontinued operations. As a result, income before income taxes of Batesville decreased and for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Discontinued operations 
 
 Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expense Income from discontinued operations before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Income from discontinued operations (net of income tax (benefit) expense) Gain on divestiture of discontinued operations (1) 
 Total income from discontinued operations 
 
 during the twelve months ended September 30, 2023 

5. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 , including cash acquired, which consisted of in consideration paid at the acquisition date, plus contingent consideration of . The contingent consideration of reflects the estimated fair value, as of the date of acquisition, of contingent future cash payments based on the value of certain research and development tax credits that were generated by FPM prior to the acquisition date, which is included in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The value of these credits, and therefore the payment of the contingent consideration, is subject to audit by the tax authorities and to the closing of the statute of limitations for the year in which the tax credits are fully utilized, the timing of which is not able to be determined at this time, but we expect to extend several years. There have been no changes in the estimated fair value of the initial calculation of the contingent consideration during the year ended September 30, 2024. The Company used available borrowings under its multi-currency revolving credit facility (the Facility to fund the cash consideration portion of this acquisition. 
 
 Headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, FPM specializes in the design, manufacturing, and service of feeding, filtration, baking, and material handling technologies and systems that are highly complementary to the equipment and solutions offered in our Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. The results of FPM since the date of the acquisition are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. As of August 1, 2024, the FPM business has been rebranded under Hillenbrand's existing Coperion brand. 
 
 Purchase price allocation and other items 
 
 The Company utilized the services of an independent valuation consultant, along with estimates and assumptions determined by management, to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price was based on an evaluation of the appropriate fair values and represents management s best estimate based on available data. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 Trade receivables ) Receivables from long-term manufacturing contracts Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Property, plant, and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Goodwill ) Other non-current assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Trade accounts payable ) Liabilities from long-term manufacturing contracts Accrued compensation Other current liabilities ) Accrued pension and postretirement healthcare Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes ) Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 
 Measurement period adjustments 
 
 The preliminary purchase price allocation was based upon a preliminary valuation, and the Company s estimates and assumptions were subject to change within the measurement period (defined as one year following the acquisition date). As a result of further refining its estimates and assumptions since the date of the acquisition, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments to the initial opening balance sheet as shown in the table above. Adjustments were primarily made to property, plant, and equipment, deferred income taxes, liabilities from long-term manufacturing contracts, other non-current liabilities, trade receivables, goodwill, and other non-current assets. There were no measurement period adjustments materially impacting earnings that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustments had been recognized as of the acquisition date. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the purchase price allocation for the acquisition was finalized. 
 
 Intangible assets identified 
 
 The purchase price allocation included of acquired identifiable intangible assets. Intangible assets primarily consist of FPM s technology and customer relationships and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the respective estimated periods for which the intangible assets will provide economic benefit to the Company. The determination of the useful lives was based upon various industry studies, historical acquisition experience, degree of stability in the current FPM customer base, economic factors, and expected future cash flows of the Company following the acquisition of FPM. The technology was valued using the relief-from-royalty method of the income approach. Customer relationships were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method of the income approach. Significant assumptions used in the valuations included FPM s future cash flow projections, which were based on estimates used to price the FPM acquisition, discount rates that were benchmarked with 
 73 

Table of Contents 
). 
 
 years Technology years Trade name years Other years Total intangible assets 
 
 Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the estimated future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The factors contributing to the recognition of goodwill were based on strategic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. None of the goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 The working capital assets and liabilities were valued using Level 2 inputs, which included data points that are observable, such as definitive sales agreements, appraisals or established market values of comparable assets (market approach). Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets were valued using Level 3 inputs, which are unobservable by nature, and included internal estimates of future cash flows (income approach). Significant increases (decreases) in any of those unobservable inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. Management used a third-party valuation firm to assist in the determination of the preliminary purchase accounting fair values, specifically those considered Level 3 measurements. Management ultimately oversees the third-party valuation firm to ensure that the transaction-specific assumptions are appropriate for the Company. 
 
 Impact on consolidated results of operations 
 
 The results of FPM s operations have been included in Hillenbrand s Consolidated Financial Statements since the September 1, 2023, acquisition date. 
 
 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 
 During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, in acquisition expenses related to the FPM acquisition, which are included in operating expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Acquisition of Peerless Food Equipment 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Peerless for a purchase price of , net of certain customary post-closing adjustments and including cash acquired, using available borrowings under the Facility. Headquartered in Sidney, Ohio, Peerless is a premier supplier of industrial food processing equipment. 
 
 The acquisition of Peerless increased the Company s scale in the food end market, and combining Peerless highly complementary equipment and solutions with other Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment technologies now allows the Company to deliver more comprehensive solutions to its customers. The purchase price allocation was finalized 
 during the year ended September 30, 2024 with no material purchase price adjustments recognized. The results of Peerless since the date of acquisition are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. 
 
 Acquisition of LINXIS Group SAS 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 in cash, reflecting an approximate enterprise value of plus cash acquired at closing. The Company used available borrowings under the Facility to fund this acquisition. 
 
 Linxis has six market-leading brands Bakon, Diosna, Shaffer, Shick Esteve, Unifiller, and VMI that serve customers in over 
 one hundred countries. With a global manufacturing, sales and service footprint, Linxis specializes in design, manufacturing, and service of dosing, kneading, mixing, granulating, drying, and coating technologies. The results of Linxis since the date of acquisition are included in the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment. 
 
 Supplemental Pro Forma Information 
 
 The supplemental pro forma financial information presented below is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the financial position or results of operations that would have been realized if the FPM, Peerless, Linxis, and other individually immaterial acquisitions had been completed on the date indicated, do not reflect synergies that might have been achieved, and are not indicative of future results of operations or financial position. The pro forma adjustments are based upon currently available information and certain assumptions that Hillenbrand believes are reasonable under the circumstances. 
 
 The supplemental pro forma financial information reflects pro forma adjustments to present the combined pro forma results of operations as if the acquisitions of FPM, Peerless, Linxis, and other individually immaterial acquisitions had occurred on October 1, 2021, to give effect to certain events that Hillenbrand believes to be directly attributable to the acquisitions. These pro forma adjustments primarily include: 
 
 an increase to depreciation and amortization expense that would have been recognized due to acquired tangible and intangible assets; 
 an adjustment to interest expense to reflect the additional borrowings of Hillenbrand and the repayment of Linxis s historical debt in conjunction with the acquisition; 
 an adjustment to remove business acquisition and integration costs and inventory step-up costs during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, as these costs are non-recurring in nature and would not have a continuing effect on Hillenbrand s consolidated results of operations; and 
 the related income tax effects of the adjustments noted above. 
 
 Income from continuing operations attributable to Hillenbrand Income from continuing operations attributable to Hillenbrand per share of common stock: Basic earnings per share from continuing operations Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 

6. 
 
 and of operating lease expense, including short-term lease expense and variable lease costs, which were immaterial, in both periods. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total present value of lease payments 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Operating leases acquired in business combinations 
 The Company entered into a sale-leaseback transaction during the year ended September 30, 2024 for two of its industrial properties. The lease has an initial term of years with additional renewal terms of each at the option of the Company. In the Company s lease classification assessment, only the initial term was used as it was not determined to be reasonably probable that the Company would exercise the extensions as of September 30, 2024. The Company received net proceeds of and recognized a gain of , which is included in gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

7. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 revolving credit facility (excluding outstanding letters of credit) 
 term loan 
 term loan 
 senior unsecured notes (1) 
 senior unsecured notes (2) 
 senior unsecured notes (3) 
 senior unsecured notes (4) 
 Other Total debt Less: current portion Total long-term debt 
 
 (1) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs of at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs of at September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs of and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs of and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

2026 2027 2028 2029 
 
 Primary Financing Facilities 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan, and Term Loan 
 
 On June 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (such agreement, as amended from time to time as detailed below, the Prior Credit Agreement ), which governs the multi-currency revolving credit facility (the Facility ), by and among Hillenbrand and certain of its affiliates, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Prior Credit Agreement increased the maximum principal amount available for borrowing under the Facility to . The aggregate principal amount available for borrowing under the Prior Credit Agreement may be expanded, subject to the approval of the lenders, by an additional . The Prior Credit Agreement extended the maturity date of the Facility to June 8, 2027. The Prior Credit Agreement further provided for a delayed-draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to . The term loan commitment was subject to ticking fees if not drawn within 60 days of closing. 
 
 The Prior Credit Agreement fully transitioned interest rate benchmarks from LIBOR-based interest rates to SOFR-based interest rates for U.S. dollar borrowings. Borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement may bear interest (A) if denominated in US dollars, at the Term SOFR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate (each as defined in the Prior Credit Agreement) at the Company s option, (B) if denominated in Japanese Yen, Canadian dollars or Euros, at rates based on the rates offered for deposits in the applicable interbank markets for such currencies and (C) if denominated in Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs, at SONIA and SARON, respectively (each as defined in the Prior Credit Agreement), plus, in each case, margin based on the Company s leverage ratio, ranging from to for borrowings bearing interest at the Alternate Base Rate and from to for all other borrowings. The Term Loan accrues interest, at the Company s option, at the Term SOFR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate plus a margin based on the Company s leverage ratio, ranging from to for term loans bearing interest at the Term SOFR Rate and to for term loans bearing interest at the Alternate Base Rate. 
 
 In November 2022, the Company drew on the Term Loan. The Term Loan is subject to quarterly amortization payments equal to for the first full twelve calendar quarters following the funding date, and quarterly amortization payments equal to thereafter until the maturity date. The Term Loan will mature on June 8, 2027. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

(the Term Loan and the inclusion of requirements that would be triggered by a Collateral Springing Event (described below). 
 
 In August 2023, the Company drew on the Term Loan. The Term Loan is subject to quarterly amortization payments equal to for the first full eight calendar quarters following the funding date, and thereafter until the maturity date. The Term Loan accrues interest at the Adjusted EURIBO Rate (as defined in Amendment No.1) plus a margin based on the Company s leverage ratio, ranging from to , and will mature on June 8, 2027. 
 
 On May 10, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Prior Credit Agreement Amendment No.3 ). Amendment No. 3 provides for a replacement benchmark rate for borrowings in Canadian Dollars, replacing the Canadian Dollar Overnight Rate, which will no longer be published, as defined further in Amendment No. 3. 
 
 On September 23, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Prior Credit Agreement (as amended, the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Amended Credit Agreement increased the maximum permitted leverage ratio to x for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024, stepping down to x for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, stepping down to x for the quarters ended June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025, stepping down to x for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, and stepping down to x for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, and thereafter. Except for the amendments applicable during the Adjustment Period (defined below), the Amended Credit Agreement contains substantially the same affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. New deferred financing costs related to the Amended Credit Agreement were , which along with existing costs of , are being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 With respect to the Facility, as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had outstanding balances of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had in outstanding letters of credit issued. Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Company had of available borrowing capacity as of September 30, 2024, of which was immediately available based on our most restrictive covenant. The weighted-average interest rate on borrowings under the Facility was and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted average facility fee was and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on the Term Loan was and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on the Term Loan was and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 L/G Facility Agreement 
 
 On June 21, 2022, Hillenbrand and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a Syndicated L/G Facility Agreement (such agreement, as amended from time to time as detailed below, the Prior L/G Facility Agreement with Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as coordinator, mandated lead arranger, and bookrunner, the other financial institutions party thereto as lenders and issuing banks, and Commerzbank Finance Covered Bond S.A., as agent. The Prior L/G Facility Agreement replaced the Company s Syndicated L/G Facility Agreement dated March 8, 2018, as amended, and permits Hillenbrand and certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Participants to request that one or more of the lenders issue, on the Participants behalf, up to an aggregate of in unsecured letters of credit, bank guarantees, or other surety bonds (collectively, the Guarantees ). 
 
 The Guarantees carry an annual fee that varies based on the Company s leverage ratio. The Prior L/G Facility Agreement also provides for a leverage-based commitment fee assessed on the undrawn portion of the facility. 
 
 On June 22, 2023, the Company entered into an Amendment and Restatement Agreement which amends and restates the Prior L/G Facility Agreement (the Amended Prior L/G Facility Agreement ). The Amended Prior L/G Facility Agreement includes, among other changes, an increase in the facility from to and the inclusion of requirements that would be triggered by a Collateral Springing Event (described below). 
 
 On September 23, 2024, the Company, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, as coordinator, mandated lead arranger, and bookrunner, and the other financial institutions party thereto as lenders and issuing banks, amended the terms of the Amended Prior Amended L/G Facility Agreement the Amended L/G Facility Agreement to increase the maximum permitted leverage 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 x for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024, stepping down to x for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, stepping down to x for the quarters ended June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025, stepping down to x for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, and to x for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, and thereafter. Except for the amendments applicable during the Adjustment Period, the Amended L/G Facility Agreement contains substantially the same affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. New deferred financing costs related to the Amended L/G Facility Agreement were , which along with existing costs of , are being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the Amended L/G Facility Agreement. 
 
 Guarantees may be issued in euros or certain other agreed-upon currencies. Specified sublimits apply, based on the specific lender and currency. The Amended L/G Facility Agreement also provides for a leverage-based commitment fee assessed on the undrawn portion of the facility. The Amended L/G Facility Agreement matures on June 22, 2027, but can be extended or terminated earlier under certain conditions. The Amended L/G Facility Agreement contains representations, warranties, and covenants that are customary for agreements of this type and contains specified customary events of default. The obligations under the Amended L/G Facility Agreement are guaranteed by Hillenbrand and certain of its domestic subsidiaries named therein. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company provides, primarily to certain customers, bank guarantees and other credit arrangements in support of performance, warranty, advance payment, and other contractual obligations. This form of trade finance is customary in the industry and, as a result, the Company maintains adequate capacity to provide the guarantees. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had credit arrangements totaling , under which was utilized for this purpose. These arrangements included the facilities under the Amended L/G Facility Agreement and other ancillary credit facilities. 
 
 Collateral Springing Event 
 
 The Amended Credit Agreement and the Amended L/G Facility Agreement require the Company and certain domestic subsidiaries that are guarantors thereunder to take certain actions if a Collateral Springing Event (as defined in the agreements) occurs before the later of April 1, 2025 or the date that all principal, interest, and other amounts owing in respect of the Term Loan have been paid in full (the Adjustment Period ). After a Collateral Springing Event, the Company and the guarantors would be required to grant liens on substantially all of their assets (subject to customary exceptions for excluded assets, including an exception for Principal Property (as defined in the Company s indentures in respect of its senior notes) and for capital stock of entities that own any such Principal Property) in favor of the Administrative Agent and L/G Agent, as applicable, for the benefit of the secured parties. 
 
 Long Term Notes 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On February 14, 2024, the Company issued of senior unsecured notes due February 2029 (the 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes were issued at par value and bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears beginning August 2024. Unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the 2024 Notes of are being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis (which approximates the effective interest method) over the term of the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes are unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment with all other existing and future unsubordinated obligations. 
 
 Subject to certain limitations, in the event of a change of control repurchase event (as defined in the 2024 Notes), the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2024 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. The Company may redeem the 2024 Notes at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, prior to February 15, 2026, at its option at the make-whole redemption price, as described in the Indenture. The Company may also redeem the 2024 Notes at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, on or after February 15 of the relevant year listed, as follows: 2026 at a redemption price of ; 2027 at a redemption price of ; and 2028 and thereafter at a redemption price of . At any time prior to February 15, 2026, the Company may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes with the proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings (as defined in the Indenture) at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes being redeemed. In each of the above cases, the Company will also pay any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 of senior unsecured notes due March 2031 (the 2021 Notes ). The 2021 Notes were issued at par value and bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears beginning September 2021. Unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the 2021 Notes of are being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis (which approximates the effective interest method) over the term of the 2021 Notes. The 2021 Notes are unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment with all other existing and future unsubordinated obligations. 
 
 Subject to certain limitations, in the event of a change of control repurchase event (as defined in the 2021 Notes), the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2021 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2021 Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. The Company may redeem the 2021 Notes at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, prior to March 1, 2026, at its option at the make-whole redemption price, as described in the Indenture. The Company may also redeem the 2021 Notes at any time in whole, or from time to time in part, on or after March 1 of the relevant year listed, as follows: 2026 at a redemption price of ; 2027 at a redemption price of ; 2028 at a redemption price of ; and 2029 and thereafter at a redemption price of . In each of the above cases, the Company will also pay any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On June 16, 2020, the Company issued of senior unsecured notes due June 2025 (the 2020 Notes ). The 2020 Notes were issued at par value and bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears beginning December 2020. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the 2020 Notes were repaid in full by the Company, using a portion of the net proceeds from the 2024 Notes, and the remaining issuance costs of associated with the 2020 Notes were written off to interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On September 25, 2019, the Company issued of senior unsecured notes due September 2026 2019 Notes ). The 2019 Notes initially had a fixed coupon rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears beginning March 2020. The coupon rate on the 2019 Notes is impacted by public bond ratings from Moody s and S P Global, as downgrades from either rating agency increases the coupon rate by per downgrade level below investment grade. During the third quarter of 2020, Moody s and S P Global each downgraded the Company s senior unsecured credit rating by one level. As such, the original coupon rate of on the 2019 Notes increased to , effective September 15, 2020. 
 
 The 2019 Notes were issued at a discount of , resulting in an initial carrying value of . The Company is amortizing the discount to interest expense over the term of the 2019 Notes using the effective interest rate method, resulting in an annual interest rate of . Unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the 2019 Notes of are being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis (which approximates the effective interest method) over the remaining term of the 2019 Notes. The 2019 Notes are unsubordinated obligations of Hillenbrand and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s other existing and future unsubordinated obligations. 
 
 Subject to certain limitations, in the event of a change of control, the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2019 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2019 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date of repurchase. In addition, the 2019 Notes are redeemable with prior notice at a price equal to par plus accrued interest and a make-whole amount. 
 
 Series A Unsecured Notes 
 
 On December 15, 2014, the Company issued in Series A unsecured notes Series A Notes pursuant to the Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2012, among the Company, Prudential Investment Management, Inc. Prudential and each Prudential Affiliate (as defined therein) that became a purchaser thereunder. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company repaid in full the Series A Notes using a portion of the net proceeds from the Batesville divestiture and wrote off the remaining issuance costs ). 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 to 1.00 and minimum ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the agreements) to interest expense of to 1.00. The Company may elect to increase the maximum permitted leverage ratio to a ratio of to 1.00 following certain acquisitions for four full fiscal quarters (plus the fiscal quarter in which the acquisition takes place). Additionally, the Amended Credit Agreement and the Amended L/G Facility Agreement provide the Company with the ability to sell assets and to incur debt at its international subsidiaries under certain conditions. 
 
 All obligations of the Company arising under the Amended Credit Agreement, the 2024 Notes, the 2021 Notes, the 2020 Notes, the 2019 Notes, and the Amended L/G Facility Agreement are fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed by certain of the Company s domestic subsidiaries. 
 
 The Amended Credit Agreement and the Amended L/G Facility Agreement each contains certain other customary covenants, representations and warranties and events of default. The indentures governing the 2024 Notes, 2021 Notes, 2020 Notes and 2019 Notes do not limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. They do, however, contain certain covenants that restrict our ability to incur secured debt and to engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The indentures also contain customary events of default . The indentures provide holders of the notes with remedies if the Company fails to perform specific obligations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default. 

8. 
 of defined benefit retirement programs, including the defined benefit retirement plans of certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries, and the supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plan. The Company funds the retirement plan trusts in compliance with the Employment Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) or local funding requirements and as necessary to provide for current service and for any unfunded projected future benefit obligations over a reasonable period. The benefits for these plans are based primarily on years of service and the employee s level of compensation during specific periods of employment. All defined benefit retirement plans have a September 30 measurement date. 
 
 Effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost, net Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Settlement expense (benefit) ) Other one-time expense Net pension costs (benefit) (2) 
 ) ) 
 
 (1) Service cost for U.S. Pension Benefits includes , and included within discontinued operations for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) The components of net pension costs (benefit) are recorded within operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The Company uses a full yield curve approach in the estimation of the service and interest cost components of our defined benefit retirement plans. Under this approach, the Company applies discounting using individual spot rates from a yield curve composed of the rates of return on several hundred high-quality, fixed income corporate bonds available at the measurement date. These spot rates align to each of the projected benefit obligations and service cost cash flows. The service cost component relates to the active participants in the plan, so the relevant cash flows on which to apply the yield curve are considerably longer in duration on average than the total projected benefit obligation cash flows, which also include benefit payments to retirees. Interest cost is computed by multiplying each spot rate by the corresponding discounted projected benefit 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 , related to the termination and liquidation of the Plan, as well as to the lump sum payments made in December 2023. 
 
 Obligations and Funded Status 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Projected benefit obligation attributable to acquisitions Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfer of participants benefit obligation ) Employee contributions Other events Effect of exchange rates on projected benefit obligation Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual (loss) return on plan assets ) Employee and employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Annuity premium for transferred participants ) Effect of exchange rates on plan assets Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status: Plan assets (less) more than benefit obligations ) ) ) Amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Prepaid pension costs, non-current Accrued pension costs, current portion ) ) ) ) Accrued pension costs, long-term portion ) ) ) ) Plan assets (less) more than benefit obligations ) ) ) 
 
 Net actuarial losses and prior service costs ), less an aggregate tax effect ), are included as components of accumulated other comprehensive loss at September 30, 2024. Net actuarial losses and prior service costs ), less an aggregate tax effect ), are included as components of accumulated other comprehensive loss at September 30, 2023. The amount that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net pension costs (benefit) in 2025 is expected to be . 
 
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit retirement plans was and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Discount rate for costs (benefit), during the year Expected rate of return on plan assets N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 
 The discount rates are evaluated annually based on current market conditions. In setting these rates, the Company utilizes long-term bond indices and yield curves as a preliminary indication of interest rate movements, then makes adjustments to the indices to reflect differences in the terms of the bonds covered under the indices in comparison to the projected outflow of pension obligations. The overall expected long-term rate of return is based on historical and expected future returns, which are inflation-adjusted and weighted for the expected return for each component of the investment portfolio. The rate of assumed compensation increase is also based on the Company s specific historical trends of past wage adjustments in recent years. 
 
 U.S. Pension Plan Assets As discussed above, the Plan was terminated and liquidated during 2024. Prior to the termination of the Plan, the Company had employed a 100 liability-hedging portfolio of investments in order to reduce the volatility associated with equity investments. Pension plan assets were invested by the plans fiduciaries, which directed investments according to specific policies. Those policies subjected investments to the following restrictions in the Company s domestic plan: short-term securities had to be rated A1/P1, liability-hedging fixed income securities had an average quality credit rating of investment grade, and investments in equities in any one company may not exceed 10 of the equity portfolio. 
 
 Non-U.S. Pension Plan Assets Long-term strategic investment objectives utilize a diversified mix of suitable assets of appropriate liquidity to generate income and capital growth that, together with contributions from participants, the Company believes will meet the cost of the current and future benefits that the plan provides. Long-term strategic investment objectives also seek to limit the risk of the assets failing to meet the liabilities over the long term. 
 
 of Hillenbrand s common stock was directly owned by the defined benefit retirement plan trusts at September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 The tables below provide the fair value of the Company s pension plan assets by asset category at September 30, 2024 and 2023. The accounting guidance on fair value measurements specifies a fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of inputs used in valuation techniques (Level 1, 2, and 3). See Note 14 for definitions. 
 
 Fair values are determined as follows: 
 
 Cash equivalents are stated at the carrying amount, which approximates fair value, or at the fund s net asset value. 
 Equity securities are stated at the last reported sales price on the day of valuation. 
 Fixed income securities, including government and corporate bonds, are generally classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources, primarily matrix pricing, with reasonable levels of price transparency. Matrix pricing, primarily used for corporate bonds, is based on quoted prices for securities with similar coupons, ratings, and maturities, rather than on specific bids and offers for the specific security. 
 Government index funds are stated at the closing price reported in the active market in which the fund is traded. 
 Corporate bond funds and equity mutual funds are stated at the closing price in the active markets in which the underlying securities of the funds are traded. 
 Real estate is stated based on a discounted cash flow approach, which includes future rental receipts, expenses, and residual values as the highest and best use of the real estate from a market participant view as rental property. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. At September 30, 2024, and 2023, the fair value of cash equivalents were and , respectively, and are categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Non-U.S. Pension Plans 
 Equity securities Fixed income securities: Government bonds Corporate bonds Real estate and real estate funds Other Total Non-U.S. pension plan assets 
 
 Fair Value at September 30, 2023 Using Inputs Considered as: Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Non-U.S. Pension Plans Cash equivalents Equity securities Fixed income securities: 0 0 0 0 Government bonds Corporate bonds Real estate and real estate funds Other Total Non-U.S. pension plan assets 
 
 Cash Flows During 2024, 2023, and 2022 the Company contributed cash of , , and , respectively, to defined benefit retirement plans. The Company expects to make estimated contributions of in 2025 to the defined benefit retirement plans. 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030-2034 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans The Company sponsors a number of defined contribution plans. Depending on the plan, the Company may make contributions up to of an employee s eligible compensation and matching contributions up to of eligible compensation. Company contributions generally vest over a period of zero to . Expenses related to the Company s defined contribution plans were , , and for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. See comments above regarding the Company s retirement strategy to transition its U.S. employees to a defined contribution structure over sunset periods, the latest of which ended January 1, 2023. 

9. ) Foreign ) Total (loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax expense: Current provision (benefit): Federal State ) Foreign Total current provision Deferred (benefit) provision: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred (benefit) provision ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments resulting from the tax effect of: State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Foreign income tax rate differential ) Share-based compensation ) Foreign distribution taxes ) Valuation allowance ) Goodwill impairment charge ) Impact of inclusion of foreign income (1) 
 Divestitures Impact of foreign legislative rate changes ) Transaction costs ) Unrecognized tax benefits ) ) Tax audit settlements Other, net ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 (1) Represents Subpart F income, GILTI (less Section 250 deduction), and FDII net of associated foreign tax credits 
 
 The tax effects of significant temporary differences that comprise tax balances were as follows: 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Loss and tax credit carryforwards Interest limitation carryforward Operating lease liabilities Rebates and other discounts Research and development costs Self-insurance reserves Inventory, net Other, net Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Less valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation ) ) Amortization ) ) Operating right-of-use assets ) ) Assets and liabilities from long-term manufacturing contracts and advances ) ) Unremitted earnings of foreign operations ) ) Other, net ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) Amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Deferred tax assets, non-current Deferred tax liabilities, non-current ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, the Company had and of deferred tax assets related to U.S. federal and state net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, which will begin to expire in 2025, and and of deferred tax assets related to foreign net operating loss and interest carryforwards. The majority of the foreign net operating loss and interest carryforwards have unlimited carryforward periods. Portions of the net operating loss carryforwards with expiration periods will begin to expire in 2025. Deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, were reduced by a valuation allowance of and , respectively, relating to foreign net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credit carryforwards. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had and , respectively, of current income tax payable included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company also had a transition tax liability of and included within other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company establishes a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets when it is determined that the amount of expected future taxable income is not likely to support the use of the deduction or credit. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and of deferred tax liability on unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries was recognized, representing the assumed tax on the future distribution and tax withholdings on the distribution of such earnings among certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities were not recorded for any additional basis differences inherent in the Company s foreign subsidiaries (i.e., basis differences in excess of those subject to the Transition Tax) as these amounts continue to be permanently reinvested outside of the U.S. If these amounts were not considered permanently reinvested, deferred tax liabilities would be recorded for any additional income taxes, distribution taxes, and withholding taxes payable in various countries. A determination of the unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on the permanently reinvested basis differences at September 30, 2024 is not practicable. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Additions for tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance attributable to acquisitions Balance at end of year 
 
 The gross unrecognized tax benefit included and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate in future periods. 
 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. During 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized and , respectively, in additional interest and penalties. Excluded from the reconciliation were and of accrued interest and penalties at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company operates in multiple income tax jurisdictions both inside and outside the U.S. and are currently under examination in various federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions. There are ongoing audits in India, Canada, Germany, and the Czech Republic specifically which could prove to be significant for the Company. In addition, there are other ongoing audits in various stages of completion in several state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 It is possible that the liability associated with the unrecognized tax benefits will increase or decrease within the next 12 months. These changes may be the result of ongoing audits or the expiration of statutes of limitations and could range up to based on current estimates. Audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements are subject to significant uncertainty. Although the Company believes that adequate provision has been made for such issues, it is possible that their ultimate resolution could affect earnings. Conversely, if these issues are resolved favorably in the future, the related provision would be reduced and yield a positive impact on earnings. The Company does not expect that the outcome of these audits will significantly impact the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

10. 
 , , and shares, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as the related performance criteria were not yet met, although the Company expects to meet various levels of criteria in the future. 
 89 

Table of Contents Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (Loss) income from continuing operations attributable to Hillenbrand ) Weighted average shares outstanding basic (in millions) Effect of dilutive stock options and unvested time-based 
 restricted stock (in millions) (1) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding diluted (in millions) Basic (loss) earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Hillenbrand ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Hillenbrand ) Shares with anti-dilutive effect excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share (millions) 
 
 (1) As a result of the net loss attributable to Hillenbrand during the year ended September 30, 2024, the effect of stock options and other unvested equity awards would be antidilutive. In accordance with GAAP, they have been excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation. 

11. 
 shares are registered. As of September 30, 2024, shares were outstanding under these plans and shares had been issued, leaving shares available for future issuance. Our primary plan, the Hillenbrand, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, provides for long-term performance compensation for management and members of the Board of Directors. Under the Stock Incentive Plan, a variety of discretionary awards for employees and non-employee directors are authorized, including incentive or non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and bonus stock. These programs are administered by the Board of Directors and its Compensation and Management Development Committee. 
 Less impact of income tax Stock-based compensation cost, net of tax 
 
 The Company realized current tax benefits o f , and from the exercise of stock options and the payment of stock awards during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options stock options were issued during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired/cancelled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired/cancelled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation associated with unvested stock options. As of September 30, 2024, the average remaining life of the outstanding and exercisable stock options was years with an aggregate intrinsic value of . The total intrinsic value of options exercised by employees and directors during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was , , and , respectively. The grant-date fair value of options that vested during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was , , and , respectively. 
 
 Time-Based Stock Awards and Performance-Based Stock Awards These awards are consistent with the Company s compensation program s guiding principles and are designed to (i) align management s interests with those of shareholders, (ii) motivate and provide incentive to achieve superior results, (iii) maintain a significant portion of at-risk incentive compensation, (iv) delineate clear accountabilities, and (v) ensure competitive compensation. The Company believes that the blend of compensation components provides the Company s management with the appropriate incentives to create long-term value for shareholders while taking thoughtful and prudent risks to grow the value of the Company. The Company s stock plan enables us to grant several types of restricted stock unit awards including time-based, performance-based contingent on the creation of shareholder value SV ), and performance-based based on a relative total shareholder return formula TSR ). 
 
 The Company s time-based stock awards provide an unconditional delivery of shares after a specified period of service. The Company records expense associated with time-based awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures. 
 
 The vesting of the SV awards granted in fiscal 2024 is contingent upon the creation of shareholder value as measured by the cumulative cash returns and final period net operating profit after tax compared to the established hurdle rate over a period and a corresponding service requirement. The hurdle rate is a reflection of the weighted-average cost of capital and targeted capital structure. The number of shares awarded is based upon the fair value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant adjusted for the attainment level at the end of the period. Based on the extent to which the performance criteria are achieved, it is possible for none of the awards to vest or for a range up to the maximum percent) to vest. The Company records expense associated with the awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period based upon an estimate of projected performance. The actual performance of the Company is evaluated quarterly, and the expense is adjusted according to the new projections. As a result, depending on the degree to which performance criteria are achieved or projections change, expenses related to the SV awards may become more volatile as the Company approaches the final performance measurement date at the end of the period. 
 
 The vesting of TSR awards granted in fiscal 2024 will be determined by comparing the Company s total shareholder return during a period to the respective total shareholder returns of members of the Standard Poor s 400 Mid Cap Industrials index (the Index Companies ). Based on the Company s relative ranking within the Index Companies, performance below the 25th percentile earns a payout, a percent minimum payout for achievement at the 25th percentile, percent payout at 50th percentile achievement, and percent payout at 75th percentile achievement and above. Compensation expense for the TSR awards is recognized over the vesting period regardless of whether the market conditions are expected to be achieved. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Risk-free interest rate Share price volatility Expected dividend yield Actual dividend yield 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested time-based stock awards at September 30, 2023 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested time-based stock awards at September 30, 2024 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested performance-based stock awards at September 30, 2023 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested performance-based stock awards at September 30, 2024 
 
 The total vest date fair value of shares held by Hillenbrand employees and directors which vested during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was , , and (including dividends), respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and of unrecognized stock-based compensation was associated with the Company s unvested time-based and performance-based (including SV and TSR) stock awards, respectively. The unrecognized amount of compensation related to the SV awards is based upon projected performance to date. The unrecognized compensation cost of the time-based and performance-based awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of and years and includes a reduction for an estimate of potential forfeitures. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding time-based stock awards and performance-based stock awards had an aggregate fair value of and , respectively. 
 
 Dividends payable in stock accrue on both time-based and SV awards during the performance period and are subject to the same terms as the original grants. Dividends do not accrue on TSR awards during the performance period. As of September 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 shares had accumulated on unvested stock awards due to dividend reinvestments and were included in the tables above. The aggregate fair value of these shares at September 30, 2024 was . 
 
 Vested Deferred Stock Certain stock-based compensation programs allow or require deferred delivery of shares after vesting. As of September 30, 2024, there were fully vested deferred shares, which were excluded from the tables above. The aggregate fair value of these shares at September 30, 2024 was . 

12. ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Before tax amount ) ) Tax expense (benefit) ) After tax amount ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (2) 
 ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Includes gains and losses on intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature. 
 (2) Amounts are net of tax. 

Cost of goods sold Operating expenses ) Total before tax ) Tax benefit ) Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax 
 
 (1) These accumulated other comprehensive loss components are included in the computation of net pension costs (benefit) (see Note 8). 
 
 93 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Before tax amount ) Tax benefit ) ) ) ) After tax amount ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (2) 
 ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Includes gains and losses on intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature. 
 (2) Amounts are net of tax. 

) ) Cost of goods sold ) ) Operating expenses Gain on divestiture of discontinued operations (net of income tax expense) ) ) ) Total before tax ) ) ) Tax expense Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax ) 
 
 (1) These accumulated other comprehensive loss components are included in the computation of net pension costs (benefit) (see Note 8). 

94 

Table of Contents ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Before tax amount ) ) ) ) ) Tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) After tax amount ) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (2) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Includes gains and losses on intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature. 
 (2) Amounts are net of tax. 

) ) Cost of goods sold ) ) Operating expenses Total before tax Tax benefit Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax 
 
 (1) These accumulated other comprehensive loss components are included in the computation of net pension costs (benefit) (see Note 8). 

13. 
 
 per occurrence or per claim, depending upon the type of coverage and policy period. For auto, workers compensation, and general liability claims in 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, related to a discrete commercial dispute stemming from a contract entered into with a Molding Technology Solutions customer prior to the Company s acquisition of the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment. 

14. 
 DPP receivables Restricted cash Restricted cash for benefit plan contributions Investments in rabbi trust Derivative instruments Liabilities: Revolving Credit Facility term loan 
 term loan 
 senior unsecured notes 
 senior unsecured notes 
 senior unsecured notes 
 Derivative instruments Contingent consideration 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Investments in rabbi trust Derivative instruments Liabilities: Revolving Credit Facility term loan 
 term loan 
 senior unsecured notes 
 senior unsecured notes 
 senior unsecured notes 
 Derivative instruments 
 
 Valuation Techniques 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, restricted cash for benefit plan contributions, and investments in rabbi trust are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Financial instruments classified as Level 1 are based on quoted market prices in active markets. The types of financial instruments the Company classifies within Level 1 include most bank deposits, money market securities, and publicly traded mutual funds. The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial instruments. 
 The DPP receivables fair value is based on a discounted cash flow analysis (estimated amount expected to be received) using historical experience and inputs from similar programs, which include the estimated timing of payments and the credit quality of the underlying creditor. Significant changes in any of the inputs in isolation would not result in a materially different fair value estimate. Based on the short-term nature of the DPP receivables, typically 90 -120 days, they are classified as a level 2 measurement. 
 The Company estimates the fair value of derivative instruments using industry accepted models. The significant Level 2 inputs used in the valuation of derivatives include spot rates, forward rates, and volatility. These inputs were obtained from pricing services, broker quotes, and other sources. 
 The fair values of the senior unsecured notes, senior unsecured notes, senior unsecured notes, and senior unsecured notes were based on quoted prices in active markets and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 The fair value of the amounts outstanding under the Facility, 200 term loan, and term loan approximate carrying value, as the Company believes their variable interest rate terms correspond to current market terms, and therefore, are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 The contingent consideration of reflects the estimated fair value of contingent future cash payments to the previous owners of FPM for research and development tax credits that were generated by FPM prior to the acquisition date. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration based on the technical merits of the research and development tax credits using an internally developed analysis. The key inputs to this calculation include the nature of the research and development activities, personnel involved in the research and development activities, the level of research and development spend prior to acquisition by the Company, and interpretation of applicable tax law. The value of these credits is subject to audit by the tax authorities and to the closing of the statute of limitations for the year in which the tax credits are fully utilized, the timing of which is not able to be determined at this time, but we expect to extend several years. There have been no changes in the estimated fair value of the initial calculation of the contingent consideration during the year ended September 30, 2024. The inputs for the liability are unobservable, and therefore, are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

15. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 reportable operating segments: Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions. The Company s reportable operating segments maintain separate financial information for which results of operations are evaluated on a regular basis by the Company s chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. 
 
 The Company records the direct costs of business operations to the reportable operating segments, including stock-based compensation, asset impairments, restructuring activities, and business acquisition costs. Corporate provides management and administrative services to each reportable operating segment. These services include treasury management, human resources, legal, business development, and other public company support functions such as internal audit, investor relations, financial reporting, and tax compliance. With limited exception for certain professional services and back-office and technology costs, the Company does not allocate these types of corporate expenses to the reportable operating segments. 
 
 The following tables present financial information for the Company s reportable operating segments and significant geographical locations: 
 Molding Technology Solutions Total net revenue Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 Advanced Process Solutions 
 Molding Technology Solutions Corporate ) ) ) Net revenue (2) 
 United States China India Germany All other countries Total net revenue 
 
 (1) Adjusted consolidated earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation, and amortization adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure used by management to measure segment performance and make operating decisions. 
 (2) The Company attributes net revenue to a geography based upon the location of the end customer. 

98 

Table of Contents 

 Molding Technology Solutions Corporate Total assets assigned Tangible long-lived assets, net United States Germany China India All other foreign business units Tangible long-lived assets, net 
 
 Molding Technology Solutions Corporate ) ) ) Add: Income from discontinued operations (net of income tax (benefit) expense) Less: Interest expense, net Income tax expense Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Pension settlement charges Business acquisition, divestiture, and integration costs Restructuring and restructuring-related charges Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment (1) 
 ) Inventory step-up costs Loss on divestiture Other non-recurring costs related to a discrete commercial dispute Other Consolidated net (loss) income ) 
 
 (1) The Company entered into a sale-leaseback transaction during the year ended September 30, 2024 and recognized a gain of , which is included in gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2024 (see Note 6) 

16. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

) ) Molding Technology Solutions Corporate 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company announced a program (the Program to reduce costs and improve operational efficiency within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment. The Company expects that substantially all of the initial costs to complete the Program, which are primarily severance costs, will result in future cash expenditures, and we anticipate the majority of these cash expenditures to be paid in the next twelve months. 
 
 The restructuring charges within the Advanced Process Solutions reportable operating segment during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 are related primarily to severance costs. The restructuring charges within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment and Corporate during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 were primarily related to severance costs associated with productivity initiatives within the Molding Technology Solutions reportable operating segment. At September 30, 2024, of restructuring costs were accrued and are expected to be paid over the next twelve months. 

100 

Table of Contents 

 ) Year ended September 30, 2023 ) Year ended September 30, 2022 ) ) Allowance for inventory valuation: Year ended September 30, 2024 ) Year ended September 30, 2023 ) Year ended September 30, 2022 ) ) 
 
 (a) Reflects the write-off of specific trade receivables against recorded reserves and other adjustments. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, management has conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) . The Company s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Based on our assessment under the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework), issued by the COSO, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 
 
 There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management s report on our internal control over financial reporting is included under Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 
 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to us, including our consolidated subsidiaries, is made known on a timely basis to management and the Board of Directors. No control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers ), evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report are effective. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 (b) Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K). 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Information related to executive officers is included in this report under Part I, Item 1 within the caption Information about our Executive Officers. Information relating to the directors will appear in the section entitled Election of Directors in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2025 Proxy Statement ), which section is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding our Code of Ethical Business Conduct, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, and the corporate governance matters covered by this Item is incorporated by reference to the 2025 Proxy Statement, where such information will be included under the headings The Board of Directors and Committees and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. Information related to corporate governance of the Company, including its Code of Ethical Business Conduct, information concerning executive officers, directors and Board committees, and transactions in our securities by directors and executive officers, is also available free of charge on or through the Investors section of our website at www.hillenbrand.com. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2025 Proxy Statement, where such information will be included under the headings The Board of Directors and Committees, Executive Compensation, Security Ownership of Beneficial Owners of More than 5 of the Company s Common Stock, and Compensation of Directors. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2025 Proxy Statement, where such information will be included under the headings Election of Directors, Security Ownership of Directors and Management, and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2025 Proxy Statement, where such information will be included under the heading The Board of Directors and Committees. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2025 Proxy Statement, where such information will be included under the heading Ratification of Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 (a) The following documents have been filed as a part of this report or, where noted, incorporated by reference: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 The financial statements of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 47. 
 
 (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 The financial statement schedule on page 101 is filed in response to Item 8 and Item 15(d) of Form 10-K and is listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 
 The Exhibit Index sets forth a list of those exhibits filed herewith, and includes and identifies management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K by Item 601(b)(10)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 In reviewing any agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us or the 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements, including us. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: 
 
 should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 
 may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 
 may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and 
 were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. 
 
 Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

Exhibit Index 
 
 Exhibit 2.1 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2022, among Hillenbrand France Acquisition Holdings SAS and the Sellers identified therein with respect to Linxis Group (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2022) Exhibit 2.2 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2023, between Milacron LLC and Schenck Process Holdings GmbH (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 1, 2023) Exhibit 2.3 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2022, between BL Memorial Partners, LLC and Hillenbrand, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2022) Exhibit 3.1 
 Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of Hillenbrand, Inc., effective as of February 13, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2020) 
 Exhibit 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Code of By-Laws of Hillenbrand, Inc., effective as of April 26, 2024 (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed April 30, 2024) Exhibit 4.1 
 Form of Indenture between Hillenbrand, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee, dated July 09, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Form S-3 filed July 6, 2010) Exhibit 4.2 
 Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 10, 2013, by and among Hillenbrand, Inc., Batesville Casket Company, Inc., Batesville Manufacturing, Inc., Batesville Services, Inc., Coperion Corporation, K-Tron Investment Co., TerraSource Global Corporation, Process Equipment Group, Inc., Rotex Global, LLC, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2013) Exhibit 4.3 
 Supplemental Indenture No.3, dated as of September 25, 2019, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 25, 2019) Exhibit 4.4 
 Form of the Company s 4.500 Senior Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 25, 2019) Exhibit 4.5 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act Exhibit 4.6 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of June 16, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 16, 2020) 
 Exhibit 4.7 
 Form of the Company s 5.7500 Senior Notes due 2025 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 16, 2020) Exhibit 4.8 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2021) 
 Exhibit 4.9 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 6, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2021) 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 4.10 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 7, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 3, 2021) Exhibit 4.11 
 Form of the Company s 3.7500 Senior Notes due 2031 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 3, 2021) Exhibit 4.12 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 11, dated as of February 14, 2024, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2024) Exhibit 4.13 
 Form of the Company s 6.2500 Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.12) Exhibit 10.1 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between Hillenbrand, Inc. and its non-employee directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Registration Statement on Form 10) Exhibit 10.2 
 Hillenbrand, Inc. Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 14, 2008) Exhibit 10.3 
 Hillenbrand, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Registration Statement on Form 10) Exhibit 10.4 
 Hillenbrand, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (As Amended and Restated July 1, 2010) (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.31 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 23, 2010) Exhibit 10.5 
 Hillenbrand, Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan effective as of July 1, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 23, 2010) Exhibit 10.6 
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 30, 2021, between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Kimberly K. Ryan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 2, 2022) Exhibit 10.7 
 Change in Control Agreement dated as of December 30, 2021, between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Kimberly K. Ryan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 2, 2022) Exhibit 10.8 
 Employment Agreement dated as of March 14, 2022, by and between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Robert M. VanHimbergen (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2022) Exhibit 10.9 
 Private Shelf Agreement dated as of December 6, 2012, by and between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Prudential Investment Management, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 4, 2013) Exhibit 10.10 
 Amended and Restated Hillenbrand, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of December 3, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021) 
 Exhibit 10.11 
 Hillenbrand, Inc. Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 27, 2014) Exhibit 10.12 
 Hillenbrand, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan for Key Executives (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2021) Exhibit 10.13 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Aneesha Arora (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2022) Exhibit 10.14 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2022, between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Aneesha Arora (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2022) Exhibit 10.15 
 Sign-on and Retention Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Aneesha Arora (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2022) Exhibit 10.16 
 Cash Award Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2022, between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Aneesha Arora (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2022) Exhibit 10.17 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2015, between Hillenbrand, Inc. and Nicholas Farrell (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2022) Exhibit 10.18 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement (2021 revision) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 16, 2022) Exhibit 10.19 
 Amendment No. 1 to Private Shelf Agreement, dated December 15, 2014, by and among Hillenbrand, Inc., Prudential Investment Management, Inc. and each Prudential Affiliate (as therein defined) that has become or becomes bound thereby (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 19, 2014) 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 10.20 
 Amendment No. 2 to Private Shelf Agreement, dated December 19, 2014, by and among Hillenbrand, Inc., Prudential Investment Management, Inc. and each Prudential Affiliate (as therein defined) that has become or becomes bound thereby (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19, 2014) Exhibit 10.21 
 Amendment No. 3 to Private Shelf Agreement, dated March 24, 2016, by and among Hillenbrand, Inc., PGIM, Inc. (f/k/a Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), and each Prudential Affiliate (as therein defined) that has become or becomes bound thereby (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 30, 2016) Exhibit 10.22 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2017, by and among Hillenbrand, Inc., PGIM, Inc. (f/k/a Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and the additional parties thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2017) Exhibit 10.23 
 Employment Agreement dated as of June 18, 2018, by and between Hillenbrand, Inc. and J. Michael Whitted (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.33 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 13, 2018) Exhibit 10.24 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2014, by and between Hillenbrand Germany Holding GmbH and Ulrich Bartel (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.24 on Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 15, 2023) Exhibit 10.25 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 30, 2020, by and between Mold-Masters (2007) Limited and Ling An-Heid (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed February 3, 2021) Exhibit 10.26 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2022, among Hillenbrand, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers named therein, the lenders named therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders, and the co-syndication agents and co-documentation agents named therein (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 13, 2022) Exhibit 10.27 
 Amendment No. 5 to Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2019, by and among Hillenbrand, Inc., PGIM, Inc. (f/k/a Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and the additional parties thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 4, 2019) Exhibit 10.28 
 Amendment No. 6 to Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2020, among Hillenbrand, Inc., PGIM, Inc. (f/k/a Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and the additional parties thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 10, 2020) 
 Exhibit 10.29 
 Warranty Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2022, by and between Hillenbrand France Acquisition Holding SAS and the Sellers identified therein with respect to Linxis Group (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2022) Exhibit 10.30 
 Amendment No. 7 to Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2020, among Hillenbrand, Inc., PGIM, Inc. (f/k/a Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and the additional parties thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2020) 
 Exhibit 10.31 
 Syndicated L/G Facility Agreement, dated June 21, 2022, among Hillenbrand, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and other lenders party thereto, and Commerzbank Finance Covered Bond S.A., acting as agent (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2022) Exhibit 10.32 
 Form of Performance-Based Unit Award Agreement (Shareholder Value Delivered) (2021 revision) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021) Exhibit 10.33 
 Form of Performance Based Unit Award Agreement (Relative Total Shareholder Return) (2021 revision) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021) Exhibit 10.34 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2021 revision) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021) Exhibit 10.35 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Director) (2021 revision) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021) Exhibit 10.36 
 Amendment No. 8 to Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, among Hillenbrand, Inc., PGIM, Inc. (f/k/a Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and the additional parties thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 13, 2022) 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 10.37 
 Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2023, among Hillenbrand, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2023) Exhibit 10.38 
 Amendment No. 2 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2023, among Hillenbrand, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.3 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2023) Exhibit 10.39 
 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated June 22, 2023, between Hillenbrand, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and the other financial institutions party thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2023) Exhibit 10.40 
 Executive Matching Shares Program (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 7, 2024) Exhibit 10.41 
 Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Property, dated September 11, 2024, by and between Milacron LLC and HILBAOH001 LLC and HILMTOH001 LLC (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 12, 2024) Exhibit 10.42 
 Amendment No. 4 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2024, among Hillenbrand, Inc., as a borrower, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 24, 2024) Exhibit 10.43 
 Amendment, dated September 24, 2024, to the L/G facility agreement, originally dated June 21, 2022 and amended and restated on June 22, 2023, between Hillenbrand, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and the other financial institutions party thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 24, 2024) Exhibit 19 
 Insider Trading and Disclosure Policy Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Hillenbrand, Inc. Exhibit 22 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries of Hillenbrand, Inc. Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Exhibit 97.1 
 Hillenbrand, Inc. Clawback Policy (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 97.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 15, 2023) The following documents are being filed pursuant to Inline XBRL: Exhibit 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to this form pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Form 10-K. Schedules and certain exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Hillenbrand hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 HILLENBRAND, INC. By: /s/ Kimberly K. Ryan 
 Kimberly K. Ryan 
 President and Chief Executive Officer November 19, 2024 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signatures Title Date /s/ Helen W. Cornell Chairperson of the Board November 19, 2024 Helen W. Cornell /s/ Kimberly K. Ryan President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director November 19, 2024 Kimberly K. Ryan (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert M. VanHimbergen Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 19, 2024 Robert M. VanHimbergen (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Megan A. Walke Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer November 19, 2024 Megan A. Walke (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Gary L. Collar Director November 19, 2024 Gary L. Collar /s/ Joy M. Greenway Director November 19, 2024 Joy M. Greenway /s/ Daniel C. Hillenbrand Director November 19, 2024 Daniel C. Hillenbrand /s/ Neil S. Novich Director November 19, 2024 Neil S. Novich /s/ Dennis W. Pullin Director November 19, 2024 Dennis W. Pullin /s/ Jennifer W. Rumsey Director November 19, 2024 Jennifer W. Rumsey /s/ Inderpreet Sawhney Director November 19, 2024 Inderpreet Sawhney /s/ Stuart A. Taylor II Director November 19, 2024 Stuart A. Taylor II 
 110 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex452024930.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 

Exhibit 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following summary of the capital stock of Hillenbrand, Inc. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our restated and amended articles of incorporation (as amended, our Articles of Incorporation ), our amended and restated code of by-laws (as amended, our By-Laws , and together with our Articles of Incorporation, our organizational documents ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Indiana law. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to we , us, our the Company and Hillenbrand in this section refer solely to Hillenbrand, Inc. and not to our subsidiaries. 
 
 General 
 
 Our authorized capital structure consists of 
 
 199,000,000 shares of common stock, without par value and 
 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock 
 
 As of November 10, 2022, there were 68,880,011 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting 
 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of directors, and do not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to the rights and preferences of the holders of any series of preferred stock which may at the time be outstanding, holders of our common stock are entitled to share equally in such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive our net assets upon dissolution except as may otherwise be provided in an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation setting out the terms for a series of preferred stock. 
 
 Other matters 
 
 Holders of our common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no redemption rights or sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. 

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HI. 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize our board of directors to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the preferred stock, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms, subscription rights and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of a series. All shares of preferred stock of the same series must be identical with each other in all respects. 
 
 If we issue preferred stock, we will provide specific information at that time about the particular class or series being issued. This information will include some or all of the following 
 
 the serial designation and the number of shares in that series 
 
 the dividend rate or rates, whether dividends shall be cumulative and, if so, from what date, the payment date or dates for dividends, and any participating or other special rights with respect to dividends 
 
 any voting powers of the shares 
 
 whether the shares will be redeemable and, if so, the price or prices at which, and the terms and conditions on which the shares may be redeemed 
 
 the amount or amounts payable upon the shares in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us prior to any payment or distribution of our assets to any class or classes of our stock ranking junior to the preferred stock 
 
 whether the shares will be entitled to the benefit of a sinking or retirement fund and, if so entitled, the amount of the fund and the manner of its application, including the price or prices at which the shares may be redeemed or purchased through the application of the fund 
 
 whether the shares will be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or of any other series of the same or any other class of our stock or the stock of another issuer, and if so convertible or exchangeable, the conversion price or prices, or the rates of exchange, and any adjustments to the conversion price or rates of exchange at which the conversion or exchange may be made, and any other terms and conditions of the conversion or exchange and 
 
 any other preferences, privileges and powers, and relative, participating, optional, or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions, as our board of directors may deem advisable and as shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation. 

Depending on the rights prescribed for a series of preferred stock, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse effect on the voting power of the holders of common stock and could adversely affect holders of common stock by delaying or preventing a change in control of us, making removal of our present management more difficult or imposing restrictions upon the payment of dividends and other distributions to the holders of common stock. 
 
 The preferred stock, when issued, will be fully paid and non-assessable. Unless the certificate of designation for a series of preferred stock provides otherwise, the preferred stock will have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any additional securities which may be issued by us in the future. The transfer agent and registrar for the preferred stock will be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Matters 
 
 Certain provisions of our organizational documents, as well as certain provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law (the IBCL ), may have the effect of encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. These provisions include 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws provide for our board of directors to be composed of not fewer than seven directors and to be divided into three classes of directors, as nearly equal in number as possible, serving staggered terms. Our By-Laws also provide that our board of directors shall not consist of more than thirteen directors. Approximately one-third of our board will be elected each year. Under our Articles of Incorporation, our directors can be removed only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. The provisions for our classified board may be amended, altered or repealed only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 
 Under Chapter 33 of the IBCL, a corporation with a class of voting shares registered with the SEC under Section 12 of the Exchange Act must have a classified board unless the corporation adopted a by-law expressly electing not to be governed by this provision by the later of July 31, 2009 or 30 days after the corporation s voting shares are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The IBCL now also provides that such a corporation governed by this provision on July 1, 2021 may adopt a by-law expressly electing not to be governed by this provision. We adopted a by-law electing not to be subject to this mandatory requirement on July 15, 2009 however, the IBCL permits this election to be rescinded by subsequent action of our board. 
 
 The provision for a classified board in our Articles of Incorporation could prevent a party that acquires control of a majority of the outstanding voting stock from obtaining control of our board until the second annual shareholders meeting following the date the acquiror obtains the controlling stock interest. The classified board provision could have the effect of discouraging a potential acquiror from making a 

tender offer for our shares or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us and could increase the likelihood that our incumbent directors will retain their positions. 
 
 We believe that a classified board helps to assure the continuity and stability of our board and our business strategies and policies as determined by our board, because a majority of the directors at any given time will have prior experience on our board. The classified board provision also helps to ensure that our board, if confronted with an unsolicited proposal from a third party that has acquired a block of our voting stock, will have sufficient time to review the proposal and appropriate alternatives and to seek the best available result for all shareholders. 
 
 Our directors will serve three-year terms. At each annual meeting of shareholders, a class of directors will be elected for a three-year term to succeed the directors of the same class whose terms are then expiring. 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation further provide that vacancies or newly created directorships in our board may only be filled by the vote of a majority of the directors then in office, and any director so chosen will hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 At any annual or special meeting of directors, our By-Laws require the presence of a majority of the duly elected and qualified members then occupying office as a quorum. Our Articles of Incorporation provide for a quorum of one-third of such members unless the By-Laws otherwise specify (which they do). 
 
 Removal of Directors Only for Cause Filling Vacancies 
 
 Our organizational documents provide that, subject to the right of holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, any director may be removed from office, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the combined voting power of all of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Our organizational documents also provide that, subject to the right of holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors, any newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy on the board shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence will hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of shareholders and until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 
 The director removal and vacancy provisions restrict the ability of a third party to remove incumbent directors and simultaneously gain control of the board of directors by filling the vacancies created by removal with its own nominees. 
 
 Shareholder Proposals 
 
 At any meeting of shareholders, only business that is properly brought before the meeting will be conducted. To be properly brought before a meeting of shareholders, business must be specified in the notice of the meeting, brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our board of directors, our chairman of the board or our president, or properly brought before the meeting by a shareholder of record 

on the date such notice was provided, entitled to vote on such matter and which complied with the notice procedures. 
 
 For business to be properly brought before any meeting of shareholders by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to our secretary at our principal place of business. To be timely, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by our secretary not later than 100 days prior to the anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting which was specified in the initial formal notice of such meeting (but if the date of the forthcoming annual meeting is more than 30 days after such anniversary date, such written notice will also be timely if received by our secretary by the later of 100 days prior to the forthcoming meeting date and the close of business 10 days following the date on which we first make public disclosure of the meeting date). 
 
 A shareholder s notice must set forth, as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting 
 
 a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the proposed text of any proposal regarding such business 
 
 a representation that such shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to bring such business 
 
 the name and address of the shareholder proposing such business 
 
 the class and number of shares that are owned beneficially or of record by the shareholder proposing such business 
 
 the name of any applicable nominee holders of shares 
 
 a description of any derivative position held by such person or its affiliates or associates 
 
 a description of any transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, without limitation, any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) that has been entered into or made by, or on behalf of, the Shareholder or any of its affiliates or associates, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of the shareholder or any of its affiliates or associates with respect to common stock 
 
 a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings between or among such person or any affiliates or associates in connection with or relating to the Company, business, or proposal, and any material interest in or anticipated benefit of the foregoing and 
 
 such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such shareholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the SEC. 
 
 Shareholder Nomination of Candidates for Election to Our Board 

Our By-Laws provide that nominations of persons for election to our board of directors may be made at any meeting of shareholders by or at the direction of the board of directors or by any shareholder entitled to vote for the election of members of the board of directors at the meeting. For nominations to be made by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to our secretary at our principal place of business and any nominee must satisfy the qualifications established by the board of directors from time to time as contained in the proxy statement for our immediately preceding annual meeting or posted on our website. To be timely, a shareholder s nomination must be delivered to or mailed and received by the secretary not later than (i) in the case of the annual meeting, 100 days prior to the anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting which was specified in the initial formal notice of such meeting (but if the date of the forthcoming annual meeting is more than 30 days after such anniversary date, such written notice will also be timely if received by the secretary by the later of 100 days prior to the forthcoming meeting date and the close of business 10 days following the date on which we first make public disclosure of the meeting date) and (ii) in the case of a special meeting, the close of business on the tenth day following the date on which we first make public disclosure of the meeting date. 
 
 The notice given by a shareholder must set forth 
 
 the name and address of the shareholder who intends to make the nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated 
 
 the age and principal occupation of the person or persons to be nominated, and the name and place of business of the shareholder 
 
 the class and number of shares that are owned beneficially or of record by the shareholder proposing such business and of the proposed nominee 
 
 the name of any applicable proposed nominee holders of shares 
 
 a description of any derivative position held by such proposed nominee or its affiliates or associates 
 
 a description of any transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, without limitation, any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) that has been entered into or made by, or on behalf of, the shareholder or any of its affiliates or associates, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of the shareholder or any of its affiliates or associates with respect to common stock 
 
 a representation that the shareholder is a holder of record, setting forth the shares so held, and intends to appear in person or by proxy as a holder of record at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice 

with respect to the shareholder, a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings between or among the nominating shareholder or any of their affiliates or associates and the proposed nominee or that otherwise relate to the Company and ownership of company securities 
 
 with respect to the person nominated, such person s written representation and agreement that they are not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding regarding (1) how they will vote or act if elected, and have not given any commitment or assurance regarding the same, (2) any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with service 
 
 with respect to the person nominated, such person s written representation and agreement that they intend to serve for the term for which he or she is so elected and in such person s individual capacity, would be in compliance and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed confidentiality, corporate governance, conflict of interest, Regulation FD, and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Company and all applicable publicly disclosed codes of conduct and ethics of the Company and 
 
 such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such shareholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the SEC. 
 
 Shareholder Action Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Our Articles of Incorporation provide that shareholder action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting if a written consent setting forth the action so taken is signed by all the holders of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon. Our By-Laws provide that special meetings of the shareholders can only be called by our board of directors, our president or shareholders holding not less than one-fourth of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote on such matter. 
 
 Restrictions on Certain Related Party Business Combination Transactions 
 
 Under our Articles of Incorporation, any contract or other transaction between us and (i) any of our directors or (ii) any legal entity (A) in which any of our directors has a material financial interest or is a general partner or (B) of which any of our directors is a director, officer or trustee of such other legal entity (collectively, a Conflict Transaction is only valid if (1) the material facts of such Conflict Transaction and our director s interest in such were disclosed to or known by our board of directors, any of our committees with authority to act on the Conflict Transaction, or our shareholders entitled to vote on such Conflict Transaction and (2) the Conflict Transaction was properly authorized, approved or ratified by, as applicable 
 
 Our board of directors or authorized committee, if it receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors who have no interest in the Conflict Transaction provided, however, that the vote not be of a single director and 

Our shareholders, if it receives the vote of a majority of the shares entitled to be counted, in which shares owned or voted under the contract of any director who or legal entity that has an interest in the Conflict Transaction may be counted. 
 
 Amendment of Articles and Bylaws 
 
 Except as otherwise expressly provided in our Articles of Incorporation, any proposal to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of our Articles of Incorporation, except as may be provided in the terms of any preferred stock, requires approval by our board of directors and our shareholders. In general, such a proposal would be approved by our shareholders if the votes cast favoring the proposal exceed the votes cast opposing the proposal at a meeting at which a quorum is present, except that any amendment or repeal of the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation relating to our directors, including the number of directors, the classification of our board of directors, the filling of vacancies on our board of directors, or the removal of our directors requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class. 
 
 Our By-Laws may be made, altered, amended, or repealed by either (a) our board of directors by affirmative vote of a number of directors equal to a majority of the number who would constitute a full board at the time of such action, or (b) the affirmative vote, at a meeting of shareholders, of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding shares of all classes of stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, considered for these purposes as a single voting group, provided, however, that no By-Law may be adopted that is inconsistent with the IBCL. 
 
 Indiana Business Corporation Law 
 
 As an Indiana corporation, we are governed by the IBCL. Under specified circumstances, the following provisions of the IBCL may delay, prevent or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control of us. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which shareholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interest. 
 
 Control share acquisitions . Although Chapter 42 of the IBCL contains certain restrictions on control share acquisitions, our By-Laws provide that Chapter 42 of the IBCL shall not apply to control share acquisitions of shares of our capital stock. 
 
 Certain business combinations . Chapter 43 of the IBCL restricts the ability of a resident domestic corporation to engage in any combinations with an interested shareholder for five years after the date the interested shareholder became such, unless the combination or the purchase of shares by the interested shareholder on the interested shareholder s date of acquiring shares is approved by the board of directors of the resident domestic corporation before that date. If the combination was not previously approved, the interested shareholder may effect a combination after the five-year period only if that shareholder receives approval from a majority of the disinterested shares or the offer meets specified fair price criteria. For purposes of the above provisions, resident domestic corporation means an Indiana corporation that has 100 or more shareholders. Interested shareholder means any person, other than the resident domestic corporation or its subsidiaries, who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the resident domestic corporation or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the resident domestic corporation, which at any time within the five-year 

period immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the resident domestic corporation. Although under certain circumstances a corporation may opt out of Chapter 43 of the IBCL, our Articles of Incorporation do not exclude us from the restrictions imposed by Chapter 43 of the IBCL. 
 
 Directors duties and liability . Under Chapter 35 of the IBCL, directors are required to discharge their duties 
 
 in good faith 
 
 with the care an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise under similar circumstances and 
 
 in a manner the directors reasonably believe to be in the best interests of the corporation. 
 
 However, the IBCL also provides that a director is not liable for any action taken as a director, or any failure to act, regardless of the nature of the alleged breach of duty, including alleged breaches of the duty of care, the duty of loyalty and the duty of good faith, unless the director has breached or failed to perform the duties of the director s office in accordance with the foregoing standard and such action or failure to act constitutes willful misconduct or recklessness. The exculpation from liability under the IBCL does not affect the liability of directors for violations of the federal securities laws. 
 
 Consideration of effects on other constituents . Chapter 35 of the IBCL also provides that a board of directors, in discharging its duties, may consider, in its discretion, both the long-term and short-term best interests of the corporation, taking into account, and weighing as the directors deem appropriate, the effects of an action on the corporation s shareholders, employees, suppliers and customers and the communities in which offices or other facilities of the corporation are located and any other factors the directors consider pertinent. Directors are not required to consider the effects of a proposed corporate action on any particular corporate constituent group or interest as a dominant or controlling factor. If a determination is made with the approval of a majority of the disinterested directors of the board, that determination is conclusively presumed to be valid unless it can be demonstrated that the determination was not made in good faith after reasonable investigation. Chapter 35 specifically provides that specified judicial decisions in Delaware and other jurisdictions, which might be looked upon for guidance in interpreting Indiana law, including decisions that propose a higher or different degree of scrutiny in response to a proposed acquisition of the corporation, are inconsistent with the proper application of the business judgment rule under that section. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-19>
 3
 ex192024930.htm
 EX-19

Document 
 Exhibit 19 

Policy Category Legal Policy No. LG-3 
 Effective Date 8 28 2024 
 Insider Trading and Disclosure Policy Version 1.0.1 
 Owner General Counsel 

1. Purpose 
 
 This Insider Trading and Disclosure Policy Policy is made as part of the overall risk management program of Hillenbrand, Inc. Hillenbrand or HI ). References to the Company in this Policy refer to Hillenbrand and any of its subsidiaries. The Policy governs trading in HI stock and other securities by certain persons, as well as disclosure of certain information. Trading encompasses buying and selling in the open market or negotiated transactions, giving and receiving of gifts (including charitable contributions), and all other transactions in Company securities not specifically excluded hereunder. 
 
 2. Scope and Application 
 
 This Policy applies to all members of the Hillenbrand Board of Directors, all officers and employees of the Company, and any consultants, advisors, and contractors of the Company that the Company designates. The Policy also applies to the immediate families of all persons identified above and any trusts (or similar entities) controlled by or benefiting such persons. Your immediate family includes your spouse, parents, grandparents, children, grandchildren, and siblings, including any such relationship that arises through marriage or adoption. It also includes members of your household, whether or not they are related to you. 
 
 Part 4 of this Policy imposes additional restrictions on a sub-group of persons subject to this Policy, as identified in Part 4. 
 
 The Office of the General Counsel of Hillenbrand, Inc. is available to answer any questions regarding this Policy or related rules and laws. Contact information for the General Counsel s Office can be found at the end of this Policy. Regardless of the specific requirements of this Policy, you are strongly urged to contact the General Counsel s Office well in advance of any proposed purchases or sales of Hillenbrand stock or other securities by you or any member of your family. 
 
 3. Insider Trading 
 
 The following are the general insider trading rules that apply to all HI directors, all Company officers and employees, and all consultants, advisors, and contractors designated by the Company . It is very important that you understand and follow these rules. If you violate them, you may be subject to disciplinary action by the Company, including termination of your employment for cause. You could also be in violation of applicable securities laws and subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. The provisions of this Policy regarding insider trading continue to apply even after you are no longer employed or engaged by the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy is specific to the Company s trading rules and does not amend or supersede the SEC s insider trading rules, which provide broader restrictions. 
 
 It is your individual responsibility to comply with the laws against insider trading. This Policy is intended to assist you in complying with these laws, but you must always exercise appropriate judgment in connection with any trade in the Company s stock or other securities. Regulators including the staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques and carefully scrutinize trades by directors, employees, and others to uncover any inappropriate activity. 
 
 3.1 Do not trade while in possession of material nonpublic information . 
 
 From time to time you may come into possession of material nonpublic information as a result of your relationship with the Company. Material nonpublic information can be generally defined as information that is not available to the public and that a reasonable investor may consider important in determining whether to buy or sell securities of the Company. You may not buy, sell, or trade (including giving or 
 1 

Exhibit 19 

receiving gifts) in any stock or other securities of the Company at any time while you possess material nonpublic information concerning the Company, whether during a closed trading (or blackout period, or at any other time. You must wait to trade until any such information has been public for at least two full trading days (a trading day is a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open). 
 
 If you are ever unsure about whether information you possess would qualify as material nonpublic information or whether you should refrain from trading, please contact the Hillenbrand General Counsel s Office prior to any proposed transactions involving Company securities. 
 
 3.2 Refrain from trading during blackout periods . 
 
 The Company imposes periodic closed trading periods commonly called blackout periods during which all designated Company directors, officers, employees, and other such parties should refrain from dealing in Company stock or other securities (including giving or receiving gifts), whether or not you have material nonpublic information. Note, however, that the Company directors, officers, and others who are subject to the additional restrictions set forth in Part 4 of this Policy are expressly prohibited from trading during a blackout period , as further detailed in Part 4 below. Trading during blackout periods can carry increased risk because of the likelihood that you may have, or be viewed as having, material nonpublic information during such periods. 
 
 Closed trading periods generally begin on the day that is fourteen calendar days before the end of each fiscal quarter and run until at least two trading days after the corresponding quarterly or annual earnings announcements. In addition to regularly-scheduled (quarterly) blackout periods, the Company may from time to time designate other periods of time as special blackout periods for example, if particular developments in the Company s business merit suspension of trading by Company personnel. 
 
 Do not simply assume that you are free to trade in Company stock or other securities at all times during an open trading window (outside of imposed blackout periods). You may nonetheless have material nonpublic information during these times and, therefore, be prohibited from trading until such information has been public for at least two full trading days. Always use judgment when trading. 
 
 3.3 Do not give nonpublic information to others . 
 
 Do not provide any nonpublic information concerning the Company to any other person (commonly referred to as tipping ), including family members, and do not make recommendations or express opinions about trading in the Company s stock under any circumstances. Tipping liability applies not only to those persons who trade based on a tip given to them, but also to any person who provides a tip to another party, even if the tipper does not profit from any trade and, in some cases, even if the tip is given inadvertently. Consequences for tipping can be severe, including termination of employment, and civil and criminal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. 
 
 3.4 Do not use nonpublic information to trade in other companies stock . 
 
 In the course of your relationship with the Company, you may obtain nonpublic information regarding the Company s customers, vendors, suppliers, or other business partners. Do not trade in the stock or other securities of any such business partner when you have material nonpublic information concerning that company that you learned in the course of your employment or service with the Company. All prohibitions relating to trading of the Company s securities have equal applicability to trading in the securities of the Company s business partners and other companies with whom you may have a relationship. 
 
 3.5 Do not engage in hedging or pledging transactions involving Company securities . 
 
 Directors, officers, and other employees, or any of their designees, are prohibited from purchasing financial instruments or otherwise engaging in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of the Company s securities either (i) granted to the employee 
 2 

Exhibit 19 

or director by the Company as part of the compensation of the employee or director, or (ii) held (directly or indirectly) by the employee or director. 
 
 As a result, do not purchase financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds) or engage in any transactions that suggest you are speculating in, or hedging against, the Company s securities that is, you are trying to profit in short-term movements in the Company s stock price. You may not engage in a short sale or any equivalent transaction involving the Company s securities. A short sale involves selling shares that you do not own at a specified price with the expectation that the price will go down so you can buy the shares at a lower price before you have to deliver them. These types of transactions put you in a position of conflict with your interests as a Company director, officer, or employee. 
 
 Also, do not hold Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan. Company securities held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. To avoid the appearance of impropriety in connection with the purchase and sale of Company securities, and because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company securities, you are prohibited from holding Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan. 
 
 3.6 Make sure your family members and persons controlling trusts (and similar entities) that benefit you do not violate this Policy . 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, any transactions engaged in by members of your immediate family or by trusts, partnerships, foundations, and similar entities over which you or members of your immediate family have control, or whose assets are held for the benefit of you or your immediate family are the same as transactions by you. You are responsible for ensuring that such persons and entities do not engage in any transaction that would violate this Policy if you engaged in the transaction directly. 
 
 3.7 Exceptions for pre-arranged or 10b5-1 trading plans . 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 provides an affirmative defense against insider trading liability under federal securities laws for anyone who sells or purchases securities at a time when he or she possesses material nonpublic information, in cases where the sale or purchase was made pursuant to a pre-determined plan that meets the criteria set forth in Rule 10b5-1 . Under the Rule, a person must show that 
 
 a. Before becoming aware of any material nonpublic information , he or she (i) entered into a binding contract to purchase or sell the securities, (ii) instructed another person to purchase or sell the securities, or (iii) adopted a written plan for trading the securities 
 b. The relevant contract, instructions, or plan mentioned above (i) specified the amount of securities to be purchased or sold, and at which price(s) and on which date(s) (or included a written formula for determining such information), and (ii) did not permit the person to exercise any subsequent influence over the purchase or sale and 
 c. The purchase or sale occurred according to the contract, instructions or plan. 
 
 This affirmative defense creates opportunities for you to design programs that will provide you with liquidity during times when you would otherwise be restricted, because trades made pursuant to such a plan will be permitted under this Policy, even during blackout periods and at other times when you possess material nonpublic information about the Company. 
 
 To use this affirmative defense, you must (1) enter into any trading plan in good faith, as defined under the Rule (2) not have overlapping trading plans, defined as more than one plan capable of actively trading at the same time and (3) have no more than one single-trade plan per 12-month period. If you 
 3 

Exhibit 19 

are a member of the Board of Directors or an Executive Officer (as defined by securities laws), your plan must include the following features, in addition to any other requirements under applicable law 
 
 i. a certification that you are not aware of any material nonpublic information and that you are adopting the trading plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions in SEC Rule 10b-5 and 
 ii. a cooling-off period before any trading may commence, which expires on the later of (x) 90 days after plan adoption or modification, or (y) two business days following Hillenbrand s disclosure of financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was adopted (not to exceed 120 days). 
 
 For all other associates adopting a trading plan, your cooling-off period must be 30 days following adoption or modification of the plan. 
 
 Any 10b5-1 or similar plan, and any modification to or termination of an existing such plan, must be approved by the Office of the General Counsel of Hillenbrand before being adopted and implemented to ensure compliance with Rule 10b5-1 and Company policy. In addition, members of the Board of Directors and Section 16 officers must promptly inform the Office of the General Counsel of Hillenbrand of the execution, modification, or termination of any trading plans and any trades thereunder. A copy of the plan will be required to be provided to the Office of the General Counsel. You may not enter into, terminate, or modify such a plan during a blackout period or at any time when you possess material nonpublic information. The Company strongly discourages modifications to or terminations of trading plans, but will review requests under applicable facts and circumstances. 
 
 The Hillenbrand General Counsel s Office often assists associates in the implementation of Rule 10b5-1 plans and would be pleased to assist you with your evaluation of the merits and development of such a plan. Your broker will also likely also need to be involved in adopting and implementing such a plan. 
 
 3.8 Exceptions for stock option exercises . 
 
 The mere exercise without a subsequent sale of Company stock options is exempt from this Policy, since the stock price applicable to that exercise does not vary with the market, but is fixed by the terms of the option agreement. However, any subsequent sale of shares acquired by way of option exercise is subject to this Policy . 
 
 4. Insider Trading Additional Provisions for Certain Officers, Directors, and Associates 
 
 The following additional policies and restrictions apply to all members of the Hillenbrand Board of Directors and all Executive Officers of the Company (as defined by securities laws), as well as certain other officers, employees, and consultants of the Company who are expressly notified by the Company. Persons subject to these additional policies are also subject to the general policies and exceptions described in Part 3 above, with the more restrictive policy applying in any case where there may be a conflict. 
 
 4.1 Do not trade during blackout periods . 
 
 The Company prohibits all HI directors, all Executive Officers, and certain other designated Company officers, employees, and consultants from trading during blackout periods whether regularly scheduled (quarterly) blackout periods, or special blackout periods implemented from time to time. It is your responsibility to know when the Company s quarterly blackout periods begin (you will be notified when they end), but they generally begin on the day that is fourteen calendar days before the end of each fiscal quarter. Consequently, you generally may trade in Company stock or other securities only during the period beginning on (and including) the third trading day after an earnings announcement and ending on (and including) the day that is fifteen calendar days before the start of the next fiscal quarter. Restrictions on trading while in possession of material nonpublic information also apply regardless of the blackout periods. 
 4 

Exhibit 19 

The Company may also from time to time subject certain persons to special blackout periods, which may not be widely announced since that information can itself be highly sensitive. If you become aware of, or subject to, a special blackout period, you may not disclose to anyone the fact that trading has been suspended, including (without limitation) to other Company employees. You should treat the imposition of a special blackout period as material nonpublic information. For this reason, among others, it is extremely important that you adhere to the pre clearance procedures outlined in this Policy. 
 
 There are two questions you must always ask before you (or immediate family members) trade in Company securities. If the answer to either question is yes, you may not buy or sell (including giving or receiving gifts of) Hillenbrand securities. If the answer to each question is no, you may be permitted to trade, but nevertheless must abide by applicable preclearance and other conditions set forth in this Policy 
 
 a. Is this a closed trading period 
 b. Am I in possession of material nonpublic information 
 
 4.2 Preclear all trades involving Company securities . 
 
 All HI directors, all Executive Officers, and certain other designated Company officers, employees, and consultants must refrain from trading in the Company s stock or other securities, even during an open trading period, unless they obtain the approval of the Hillenbrand General Counsel s Office before entering into a transaction. You should contact the General Counsel s Office at least two trading days before you intend to engage in any transaction, to allow enough time for preclearance procedures. 
 
 4.3 Observe the reporting, trading, and liability rules applicable to directors, executive officers, and 10 stockholders . 
 
 Federal securities laws impose heightened obligations on members of the Hillenbrand Board of Directors, certain officers of the Company, and holders of 10 or more of the Company s outstanding stock. These laws will typically apply to the same persons subject to the additional provisions of Part 4 of this Policy generally designated as Section 16 officers and or Rule 144 affiliates . Among other things, these laws impose restrictions on short swing trading and require public reporting of certain transactions. The Office of the General Counsel will notify the Company s Section 16 officers and Rule 144 affiliates of such status, and provide more detailed guidance on applicable rules, including by separate memorandum. However, it remains your individual responsibility to be aware of and comply with applicable law failure to do so is a violation of this Policy. Where questions may arise regarding how liability may be imposed or whether certain reporting is technically required, you are strongly encouraged to choose to comply with the spirit and not the letter of the law in other words, to err on the side of fully and promptly reporting a transaction even if not technically required to do so. When reporting is required, the Company expects full and timely cooperation by the individual. 
 
 4.4 No exceptions for gifts . 
 
 Giving and receiving gifts of HI stock or other Company securities are subject to Part 4 of this Policy in all respects as if they were trades, requiring, in particular, preclearance by the Office of General Counsel of Hillenbrand (where applicable) and public disclosure (for Section 16 officers and members of the Board of Directors) within two business days. 
 
 5. Disclosure 
 
 Nonpublic information relating to the Company or its businesses is the property of the Company. The Company prohibits the unauthorized disclosure of any such nonpublic information acquired in the workplace or otherwise as a result of an individual s employment or other relationship with the Company, as well as the misuse of any nonpublic information about the Company or its businesses. The following are general disclosure rules that apply to all HI directors, all Company officers and employees, and all consultants, advisors, and contractors designated by the Company . Additional disclosure rules may apply, depending on your position or relationship with the Company. It is very important that you 
 5 

Exhibit 19 

understand and follow these rules, as violations can result in disciplinary action by the Company, including termination of your employment for cause, as well as potential fines and imprisonment for legal violations. 
 
 5.1 Do not discuss Company information with the press, analysts, or other persons outside of the Company . 
 
 Announcements of Company information may only be made by persons specifically authorized by the Company to make such announcements. Laws and regulations govern the nature and timing of such announcements to outsiders or the public, and unauthorized disclosure could result in substantial liability for you, the Company, and its management. If you receive inquiries by any third party about the Company s financial or other information, you should notify the Hillenbrand Investor Relations Office or General Counsel s Office immediately. 
 
 5.2 Do not participate in Internet chat rooms, social media forums, or similar dialogues in which the Company is discussed, without specific authorization . 
 
 Unless otherwise instructed, you may not participate in online dialogues (or similar activities) involving the Company, its businesses, or its securities. 
 
 6. Notifications and Questions 
 
 All preclearance requests should be directed to preclearance hillenbrand.com for processing. 
 
 To make other appropriate notifications under the Policy, or to ask questions about it, please contact a member of the Office of General Counsel s preclearance team 
 
 Nick Farrell, General Counsel, at (812) 931-5395 or nick.farrell hillenbrand.com 
 David Brown, Corporate & Securities Counsel, at (217) 720-3737 or david.brown hillenbrand.com 
 Veronica McCarthy, Corporate & Securities Paralegal, at (812) 931-5727 or veronica.mccarthy hillenbrand.com 
 
 Hillenbrand reserves the right to amend this Policy at any time. 
 
 7. Authorization and Revision History 
 
 7.1 Authorization 
 
 Date Approved 
 Version No. 
 Approved by 
 Position 
 August 28, 2024 
 1.0.1 
 Adopted by the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee and Board of Directors Nominating Corporate Governance Committee and Board of Directors 

7.2 Policy Owner General Counsel 
 
 7.3 Revision History 
 
 Date 
 Version No. 
 Change Description 
 Author 
 Position 
 
 6 

Exhibit 19 

December 2018 
 N A 
 Superseded Policy 
 General Counsel 
 N A 
 February 24, 2023 
 1.0.0 
 Adopted by the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee and Board of Directors 
 Nick R. Farrell 
 
 Peter V. Hilton 
 Sr. V.P., General Counsel, Secretary 
 & Chief Compliance Officer 
 Senior Counsel Corporate & Securities 
 August 28, 2024 
 1.0.1 
 Clarifications, technical corrections, and non-substantive edits 
 Nick R. Farrell 
 
 David Brown 
 Sr. V.P., General Counsel & Secretary 
 
 Counsel Corporate & Securities 

7.4 CRB Review History 
 
 Date 
 Version No. 
 CRB Review 
 Author 
 Position 
 February 17, 2023 
 1.0.0 
 Via email 
 Nick R. Farrell 
 
 Peter V. Hilton 
 Sr. V.P., General Counsel, Secretary 
 & Chief Compliance Officer 
 Senior Counsel Corporate & Securities 

7 

</EX-19>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex2112024930.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 HILLENBRAND, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Subsidiaries State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Name under Which Subsidiary Does Business 1300 Holdings LLC United States 1300 Holdings LLC Baker Perkins Holdings Limited United Kingdom Baker Perkins Holdings Limited Baker Perkins Limited United Kingdom Baker Perkins Limited Baker Perkins SAS France Baker Perkins SAS Baker Perkins, Inc. United States Baker Perkins, Inc. Bakon Asia SDN. BHD. Malaysia Bakon Asia SDN. BHD. Bakon Bakkerijmachines Holland B.V. Netherlands Bakon Bakkerijmachines Holland B.V. Bakon Food Group B.V. Netherlands Bakon Food Group B.V. Bakon Holding B.V. Netherlands Bakon Holding B.V. Bakon Productie Holland B.V. Netherlands Bakon Productie Holland B.V. BM&M Screening Solutions Ltd. Canada BM&M Screening Solutions Ltd. Coperion (Nanjing) Machinery Co., Ltd. China Coperion (Nanjing) Machinery Co., Ltd. Coperion (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Coperion (Thailand) Ltd. Coperion Corporation United States Coperion Corporation Coperion Equipamentos Industrias Ltda. Brazil Coperion Equipamentos Industrias Ltda. Coperion Food Equipment LLC United States Coperion Food Equipment LLC Coperion GmbH Germany Coperion GMBH, LLC Coperion Holding North America, Inc. United States Coperion Holding North America, Inc. Coperion Ideal Pvt. Ltd. India Coperion Ideal Pvt. Ltd. Coperion International Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Coperion International Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. Coperion K.K. Japan Coperion K.K. Coperion K-Tron (Schweiz) GmbH Switzerland Coperion K-Tron (Schweiz) GmbH Coperion K-Tron (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Coperion K-Tron (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. Coperion K-Tron Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Coperion K-Tron Asia Pte. Ltd. Coperion K-Tron Deutschland GmbH Germany Coperion K-Tron Deutschland GmbH Coperion K-Tron Great Britain Limited United Kingdom Coperion K-Tron Great Britain Limited Coperion K-Tron Salina, Inc. United States Coperion K-Tron Salina, Inc. Coperion Limited United Kingdom Coperion Limited Coperion Ltda. Brazil Coperion Ltda. Coperion Machinery & Systems (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Coperion Machinery & Systems (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. Coperion Middle East Co. Ltd. Saudi Arabia Coperion Middle East Co. Ltd. Coperion N.V. Belgium Coperion N.V. Coperion OOO Russian Federation Coperion OOO Coperion Pelletizing Technology GmbH Germany Coperion Pelletizing Technology GmbH Coperion Process Solutions LLC United States Coperion Process Solutions LLC Coperion Pte. Ltd. Singapore Coperion Pte. Ltd. Coperion S. r. l. Italy Coperion S. r. l. Coperion S.a.r.l. France Coperion S.a.r.l. Coperion S.L. Spain Coperion S.L. Coperion SEA Ltd. Thailand Coperion SEA Ltd. DIOSNA CS s.r.o. Czech Republic DIOSNA CS s.r.o. DIOSNA Dierks & S hne GmbH Germany DIOSNA Dierks & S hne GmbH Diosna Process Solutions Private Limited India Diosna Process Solutions Private Limited D-M-E (China) Limited Hong Kong D-M-E (China) Limited DME (India) Private Limited India DME (India) Private Limited DME Company LLC United States Detroit Mold Engineering (Dme) Company LLC Detroit Mold (Dme) Company LLC DME Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic DME Czech Republic s.r.o. D-M-E Europe BV Belgium D-M-E Europe BV 
 1 

D-M-E Mold Technology (Shenzhen) Company Ltd. China D-M-E Mold Technology (Shenzhen) Company Ltd. DME Normalien GmbH Germany DME Normalien GmbH Esteve SAS France Esteve SAS Ferromatik Milacron France SAS France Ferromatik Milacron France SAS Ferromatik Milacron GmbH Germany Ferromatik Milacron GmbH Gabler Engineering GmbH Germany Gabler Engineering GmbH Gabler India Private Limited India Gabler India Private Limited Hardenberg Immobilien GmbH Germany Hardenberg Immobilien GmbH Herbold Meckesheim GmbH Germany Herbold Meckesheim GmbH Herbold Meckesheim USA - Resource Recycling Systems Inc. United States Herbold Meckesheim USA - Resource Recycling Systems Inc. Hillenbrand Acquisition Holding GmbH Germany Hillenbrand Acquisition Holding GmbH Hillenbrand FHN Holdings LLC United States Hillenbrand FHN Holdings LLC Hillenbrand France Acquisition Holdings SAS France Hillenbrand France Acquisition Holdings SAS Hillenbrand Germany Holding GmbH Germany Hillenbrand Germany Holding GmbH Hillenbrand Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Hillenbrand Hong Kong Limited Hillenbrand Luxembourg Inc. United States Hillenbrand Luxembourg Inc. Hillenbrand Poland Sp z o. o. Poland Hillenbrand Poland Sp z o. o. Hillenbrand Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Hillenbrand Switzerland GmbH Hillenbrand UK Holdings Limited United Kingdom Hillenbrand UK Holdings Limited Hillenbrand, Inc. United States Hillenbrand, Inc. IsernH ger GmbH Germany IsernH ger GmbH Kemutec B. V. Netherlands Kemutec B. V. Kemutec S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Kemutec S. de R.L. de C.V. K-Tron Technologies, Inc. United States K-Tron Technologies, Inc. Linxis Connection S.A.S. France Linxis Connection S.A.S. Linxis Group SAS France Linxis Group SAS MCP, Inc. United States MCP, Inc. Milacron B.V. Netherlands Milacron B.V. Milacron Canada Corp. Canada Wear Technology Milacron Canada D-M-E Moulding Supplies DME Industrial Supplies Milacron India Private Limited India Milacron India Private Limited Milacron LLC United States Milacron Marketing Company LLC United States Servtek Wear Technology Cangen Cincinnati Milacron Marketing Company LLC Cincinnati Milacron Marketing Company LLC (FN) Milacron Marketing Company LLC Of Cincinnati Milacron Marketing Company LLC, A Limited Liability Company Milacron Mold-Masters Sistemas de Processamento de Plasticos Ltda. Brazil Milacron Mold-Masters Sistemas de Processamento de Plasticos Ltda. Milacron Plastics Machinery (Jiangyin) Co., Ltd. China Milacron Plastics Machinery (Jiangyin) Co., Ltd. Milacron Plastics Technologies Group LLC United States Milacron Plastics Technologies Group LLC Milacron U.K. Ltd. United Kingdom Milacron U.K. Ltd. Milacron-Mexicana Sales, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Milacron-Mexicana Sales, S.A. de C.V. Mold-Masters (2007) Limited Canada Mold-Masters (2007) Limited Mold-Masters (Hefei) Co., Ltd. China Mold-Masters (Hefei) Co., Ltd. Mold-Masters (Shanghai) International Trade Co. Ltd. China Mold-Masters (Shanghai) International Trade Co. Ltd. Mold-Masters (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Mold-Masters (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Mold-Masters (U.K.) Ltd. United Kingdom Mold-Masters (U.K.) Ltd. Mold-Masters Beteiligungsverwaltung GmbH Austria Mold-Masters Beteiligungsverwaltung GmbH Mold-Masters Co. Ltd. China Mold-Masters Co. Ltd. Mold-Masters Europa GmbH Germany Mold-Masters Europa GmbH Mold-Masters France SAS France Mold-Masters France SAS Mold-Masters Handelgesellschaft (GmbH) Austria Mold-Masters Handelgesellschaft (GmbH) Mold-Masters Hong Kong Acquisition Limited Hong Kong Mold-Masters Hong Kong Acquisition Limited Mold-Masters Kabushiki Kaisha Japan Mold-Masters Kabushiki Kaisha Mold-Masters Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic of Mold-Masters Korea Ltd. Mold-Masters Singapore (MMS) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Mold-Masters Singapore (MMS) Pte. Ltd. NADCO, S.A. de C.V. Mexico NADCO, S.A. de C.V. 
 2 

PEG (Wuxi) Manufacturing Co. Ltd. China PEG (Wuxi) Manufacturing Co. Ltd. PEG Process Equipment India LLP India PEG Process Equipment India LLP Process Components Limited United Kingdom Process Components Limited Rotex Europe Ltd United Kingdom Rotex Europe Ltd Rotex Global (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Rotex Global (Hong Kong) Limited Rotex Global, LLC United States Rotex Global, LLC Rotex Japan Limited United Kingdom Rotex Japan Limited Shick Solutions, Inc. United States Shick Esteve Diosna North America Terrasource Holdings, LLC United States Terrasource Holdings, LLC Tirad s.r.o. Czech Republic Tirad s.r.o. Unifiller Systems Canada Holdings ULC Canada Unifiller Systems Canada Holdings ULC Unifiller Systems UK Ltd United Kingdom Unifiller Systems UK Ltd Unifiller Systems ULC Canada Unifiller Systems ULC Uni-Systems Inc. United States Ergomatrix-Uni-Systems VMI North America Corp. United States VMI North America Corp. VMI S.A.S. France VMI S.A.S. VSI International N.V. Belgium VSI International N.V. WCP, Inc. United States WCP, Inc. 
 3 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22>
 5
 ex222024930.htm
 EX-22

Document 

EXHIBIT 22 
 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries of Hillenbrand, Inc. 
 
 The following subsidiaries of Hillenbrand, Inc. (the Parent are guarantors with respect to our senior unsecured notes 
 
 Hillenbrand Luxembourg Inc. 
 Milacron Plastics Technologies Group LLC 
 Milacron Marketing Company LLC 
 Milacron LLC 
 Coperion Holding North America Inc. 
 Coperion Process Solutions LLC 
 Hillenbrand FHN Holdings, LLC 

</EX-22>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex2312024930.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-149893), pertaining to the Stock Incentive Plan, Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan and Executive Deferred Compensation Program of Hillenbrand, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-167508), pertaining to the Stock Incentive Plan (as of February 24, 2010) of Hillenbrand, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-194367), pertaining to the Stock Incentive Plan (as of February 26, 2014) of Hillenbrand, Inc., 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-252998) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Hillenbrand, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated November 19, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Hillenbrand, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Hillenbrand, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Hillenbrand, Inc. as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP Cincinnati, Ohio November 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex3112024930.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Kimberly K. Ryan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hillenbrand, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 
 s Kimberly K. Ryan Kimberly K. Ryan President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex3122024930.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Robert M. VanHimbergen certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hillenbrand, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a.) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b.) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c.) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d.) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 
 
 s Robert M. VanHimbergen Robert M. VanHimbergen Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex3212024930.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hillenbrand, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kimberly K. Ryan, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Kimberly K. Ryan Kimberly K. Ryan President and Chief Executive Officer November 19, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Hillenbrand, Inc. and will be retained by Hillenbrand, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex3222024930.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hillenbrand, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert M. VanHimbergen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Robert M. VanHimbergen Robert M. VanHimbergen Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 19, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Hillenbrand, Inc. and will be retained by Hillenbrand, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 hi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 hi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 hi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 hi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 hi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

