<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241002_10-K_edgar_data_1624985_0001683168-24-006824.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3952967</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118963</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>825135</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>981147</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>881041</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1049068</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-006824.hdr.sgml : 20241002
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241002110530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-006824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241002
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241002

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tribal Rides International Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001624985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				371758469
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56366
		FILM NUMBER:		241345777

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25108 MARGUERITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE A-450
		CITY:			MISSION VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92692
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805.729.1524

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25108 MARGUERITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE A-450
		CITY:			MISSION VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92692

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XINDA INTERNATIONAL CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TriMax Consulting, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-006824.txt : 20241002

10-K
 1
 tribal_i10k-123123.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR DECEMBER 2023

TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 
or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Issuer s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. (1) Yes No (2) No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter
based upon the price at which the common equity was last sold was . 

As of September 17, 2024, there were 
shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS . 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 4 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 
 4 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 4 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 4 
 
 PART II 
 
 5 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 5 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED.] 
 8 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 8 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 12 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 
 14 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 14 
 
 PART III 
 
 15 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 15 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 17 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS. 
 18 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 19 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 19 
 
 PART IV 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 21 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 22 

SIGNATURES 
 23 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The statements contained in this report that are
not historical facts are forward-looking statements that represent management s beliefs and assumptions based on currently available
information. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future operations, business strategies,
need for financing, competitive position, potential growth opportunities, ability to retain and recruit personnel, the effects of competition
and the effects of future legislation or regulations. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts
and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words believes, intends, may, 
 should, anticipates, expects, could, plans, or comparable terminology
or by discussions of strategy or trends. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot give any assurances that these expectations will prove to be correct. Such statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties
that could significantly affect expected results, and actual future results could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking
statements. 

Factors that may cause differences between actual
results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to the following: 

the unprecedented impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business, customers, employees, subcontractors, consultants, service providers, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders; 

the impact of conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine on our operations; 

geo-political events, such as the crisis in Ukraine, government responses to such events and the related impact on the economy both nationally and internationally; 

general market and economic conditions; 

our ability to acquire customers; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital 

our ability to meet the volume and service requirements of our customers; 

industry consolidation, including acquisitions by us or our competitors; 

success in developing new products; 

timing of our new product introductions; 

new product introductions by competitors; 

the ability of competitors to more fully leverage low-cost geographies for manufacturing or distribution; 

product pricing, including the impact of currency exchange rates; 

effectiveness of sales and marketing resources and strategies; 

adequate manufacturing capacity and supply of components and materials; 

strategic relationships with suppliers; 

product quality and performance; 

protection of our products and brand by effective use of intellectual property laws; 

the financial strength of our competitors; 

the outcome of any future litigation or commercial dispute; 

barriers to entry imposed by competitors with significant market power in new markets; and 

government actions throughout the world. 

Although the forward-looking statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations, taking into
account all information currently available to us, we cannot guarantee future transactions, results, performance, achievements or outcomes.
No assurance can be made by anyone that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements will be attained, or that deviations
from them will not be material and adverse. We undertake no obligation, other than as maybe be required by law, to update this Annual
Report or otherwise make public statements updating our forward-looking statements. 

Introductory Comment 

Unless otherwise indicated, any reference to the
Company , our company , we , us , or our refers to Tribal Rides International
Corp., a Nevada corporation. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

Tribal Rides International Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company , we , or us ), was incorporated on May 19, 2014 as Trimax
Consulting, Inc. On May 8, 2017, we changed our name to Xinda International Corp. 

From incorporation through January 2020, we were
principally engaged in the business of marketing an array of property tax lien services including (a) identifying property tax lien auctions
and property tax liens for sale; (b) providing valuation services with regards to real property subject to property tax liens; and (c)
providing consultative and advisory services to property tax lien investors in regards to purchasing property tax liens, servicing property
tax liens and adjudicating property tax liens. 

On January 18, 2020, we entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement with Tribal Rides, Inc., a Nevada corporation Tribal Rides ), pursuant to which we purchased certain
assets of Tribal Rides in exchange for the issuance of 25,000,000 shares of our Common Stock. On February 24, 2021, we changed our name
to Tribal Rides International Corp. 

After the asset purchase, we are now engaged in
a business that is in the research and development stage of disrupting current ride-sharing paradigms. We are a transportation technology
company creating the future of personal mobility with a unique, patented focus on autonomous vehicles. We believe that the mobility ecosystem
and marketplace we are creating, based upon our innovative patent and patent-pending technologies, will enable us to address current ridesharing
demands and those of the rapidly emerging autonomous vehicle personal mobility market. We are focused on having a significant impact in
the emerging self-driving car marketplace. 1 

Our Principal Products or Services and Markets 

We have and plan on improving a cloud-based Systems
as a Solution SaaS interface for a comprehensive social network and mobile app. Our planned E-commerce module will
enable users to create and manage their own highly personalized transportation experience; to form and/or join groups; collaborate on
cost-saving strategies; find, schedule, obtain transportation services from within the groups in which they belong, and easily and securely
conduct financial transactions. 

Further development of our SaaS interface and
mobile app and the required marketing and distribution will require additional capital which we are in the process of raising. 

We believe that the approximately ten to fourteen
million shared-ride drivers in the United States are possible customers for our SaaS services and software and they too may be able to
move forward with the autonomous vehicles and their expanded scope of services. 

Autonomous Driving Vehicle Global Market: 

Autonomous vehicles are slowly gaining market
share. While in 2019, there were some 31 million vehicles with at least some level of automation in operation worldwide, that number is
expected to surpass 54 million in 2024. Correspondingly, the global autonomous car market is projected to grow as well. Although the market
shrank by around 3 in 2020 due to the economic slowdown caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, it is forecast that between 2020 and 2024, the
market will grow by almost 60 . 2 

Some estimate that the autonomous vehicle industry
is expected to generate global revenue of 173 billion in the next three years and autonomous ride-sharing is widely seen as the next
big step for the industry. The development of autonomous vehicles is set to generate global revenue of 173 billion dollars by 2024
with the ride-sharing market playing a primary role in the development and marketing of the technology. 3 The industry
is forecasted to be 2.195 billion in 2030. 

___________________________ 

 1 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-outlook-for-the-autonomous-vehicle-market-to-2030-sale-of-autonomous-vehicles-is 

 -forecast-to-reach-58-million-units-by-2030-301198944.html 

 2 https://www.statista.com/statistics/428692/projected-size-of-global-autonomous-vehicle-market-by-vehicle-type/ 

 3 https://policyadvice.net/insurance/guides/self-driving-car-insurance/ 

1 

Shared-Ride and Taxi Market (UBER/Lyft/Didi, etc.) (Domestic) 

117 billion forecasted for 2021. 

220 billion forecasted by 2025; CAGR of 20.2 . 

Smartphone penetration into the market is the key to industry businesses success. 

A quarter of the U.S. population uses ride-sharing for transport at least once a month. 

There are great differences between drivers in different segments of the industry. 

Shared-Ride and Taxi Market (UBER/Lyft/Didi, etc.) (International) 

The global ride share market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 16.6 during the forecast period, from an estimated 85.8 billion in 2021 to 185.1 billion by 2026. Ride sharing services were the most preferred services before the pandemic, as they offered a convenient and cost-effective means of personal mobility with the help of a transportation network system. 

The autonomous vehicle market is projected to be approximately 15+ times that of the Shared-Ride and Taxi Market by 2030. 45 

Environmental, Social and Governance 

The world s cities are expanding with a
resulting suburban daily automobile commute that is un-scalable and over-crowding infrastructure. The average commuter spends nearly as
much annually on vehicles, their maintenance and fuel as they do on housing. We believe that this is proving to be unsustainable both
fiscally and environmentally. 

While electric vehicles reduce some of the environmental
burden, they do not improve our clogged roadways nor greatly reduce the cost burden of vehicle ownership. We believe the emergence of
self-driving cars enhanced by our Mobility as a Service MAAS platform will bring another wave of societal and environmental
transformation, making carpooling safer, optimized and convenient resulting in fewer vehicles on the road, and a corresponding reduction
in congestion and damaging emissions. Furthering this benefit, we believe that our patented Anticipatory Deployment algorithms
will help anticipate demand and may deploy cars in a more optimized and efficient manner than current methods. 

We also believe that creating, developing and
rewarding a cooperative community of users, developers and vendors through ownership stock grants will inspire loyalty to our platform,
create a priority of use and commitment, and will provide for financial advancement while reducing the costs of vehicle use and ownership. 

Distribution 

We plan on further developing our cloud-based
SaaS shared-ride application and interface for a comprehensive social network and mobile app for both Drivers and Riders. 

We are currently reviewing and revising our plans
for the Driver and Rider applications. 

___________________________ 

 4 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-outlook-for-the-autonomous-vehicle-market-to-2030-sale-of-autonomous-vehicles 

 -is-forecast-to-reach-58-million-units-by-2030-301198944.html 

 5 https://www.marketwatch.com/press-release/ride-sharing-market-size-soaring-at-cagr-of-2021-by-2026-2021-03-12 

2 

Marketing 

We are currently reviewing and revising our sales
and marketing plans for 2024. 

Status of Our Publicly Announced Products
or Services 

Our SaaS interface is in review. 

Competition 

Although we believe that our disruptive technology
and ecosystem have many unique capabilities, we will be competing with the current shared-ride provider community, both domestically and
internationally including: Uber, Lyft, Wingz, Gett, Getaround, BlaBlaCar, RelayRides, Ridejoy, and Justsharelt. 

Intellectual Property 

We have patented and patent pending technologies
with a focus on artificial intelligence AI ), machine learning with optimization and Smart Deployment algorithms.
It involves anticipating demand for passengers and dispatching cars in advance to reduce wait-time, increasing utilization of
vehicles, and decrease cost. It includes new and efficient system for tracking and charging customers with preferred rates, supply and
demand rates, and specific community engagement. Our technology may also be subject to protection by other intellectual
property laws including copyright and trade secret. 

We currently own the following patents and pending
applications: 

U.S. Patent 9,984,574, issued May 29,
 2018, claims priority to provisional application filed on Jan. 21, 2014. 
 U.S. Patent 11,217,101, issued January
 4, 2022, claims priority to provisional application filed on Jan. 21, 2014. 

Government Regulation and Effects on Our
Business 

Once we have developed
our products and services, we plan on operating in a particularly complex legal and regulatory environment. Our business will be subject
to a variety of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, including those related to Internet activities, privacy,
cybersecurity, data protection, intellectual property, competition, consumer protection, payments, labor and employment, transportation
services, transportation network companies, licensing regulations and taxation. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and
may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended, in a manner that could harm our business. 

Employees 

As of September, 2024, we had no employees. All
work is currently being accomplished by sub-contractors. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

3 

ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY. 

None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

Our current corporate offices are located at 26060
Acero, Mission Viejo, CA 92691. We have entered into a month-to-month agreement for lease of our corporate offices at no cost. Our telephone
number is (949) 434-7259. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings
or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or operating results. From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary
course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise
from time to time that may harm our business. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

4 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under
the symbol XNDA. The table below sets forth for the periods indicated the quarterly high and low bid prices as reported
by OTC Markets. Limited trading volume has occurred during these periods. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter 
 
 High 

Low 

FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 
 First 

0.1432 

0.05 

Second 

0.07 

0.0432 

Third 

0.0299 

0.0299 

Fourth 

0.02 

0.0149 

Quarter 
 
 High 

Low 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 First 

1.07 

0.30 

Second 

0.60 

0.60 

Third 

1.00 

0.21 

Fourth 

0.50 

0.101 

Quarter 
 
 High (1) 

Low (1) 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 First 

6.10 

1.50 

Second 

4.02 

0.99 

Third 

1.50 

0.02 

Fourth 

1.50 

0.30 

____________________ 

 (1) The first trade of our Common Stock did not occur until
January 1, 2021. 

Our common stock is considered to be penny stock
under rules promulgated by the SEC. Under these rules, broker-dealers participating in transactions in these securities must first deliver
a risk disclosure document which describes risks associated with these stocks, broker-dealers duties, customers rights and
remedies, market and other information, and make suitability determinations approving the customers for these stock transactions based
on financial situation, investment experience and objectives. Broker-dealers must also disclose these restrictions in writing, provide
monthly account statements to customers, and obtain specific written consent of each customer. With these restrictions, the likely effect
of designation as a penny stock is to decrease the willingness of broker-dealers to make a market for the stock, to decrease the liquidity
of the stock and increase the transaction cost of sales and purchases of these stocks compared to other securities. 

Holders 

As of the close of business on April 17, 2024,
we had approximately 26 holders of our common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent
and does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered
clearing agencies. We have appointed Olde Monmouth Stock Transfer Co Inc., 200 Memorial Parkway, Atlantic Highlands, NJ 07716, to act
as transfer agent for the common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared a cash dividend on our
common stock and our Board of Directors does not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results,
capital requirements, restrictions contained in our agreements and other factors which our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

5 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of 
securities to be 
issued upon exercise 
of outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights 

Weighted-average 
exercise price 
of outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights 

Number of 
securities 
remaining available 
for future 
issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities reflected 
in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

1,050,000 
 (1)(2) 

0.72 

2,200,000 
 (3) 
 
 Total 

1,050,000 

0.72 

2,200,000 

(1) 
 Effective June 20, 2020, the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 300,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, exercisable at 0.01 per share, with 100,000 options awarded to each of Messrs. Grimes, Prasad, and Ritacco. 

(2) 
 On November 10, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 750,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, exercisable at 1.00 per share to AJB Capital Investments, LLC pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 10, 2021. 

(3) 
 Effective June 20, 2020, the Company approved and authorized the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which authorized 2,500,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock for future issuances under the Plan. 

2020 Stock Incentive Plan 

Effective June 20, 2020, the Board of Directors
adopted the Plan. The purposes of the Plan are (a) to enhance our ability to attract and retain the services of qualified employees, officers,
directors, consultants, and other service providers upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the successful conduct and development
of our business largely depends, and (b) to provide additional incentives to such persons or entities to devote their utmost effort and
skill to the advancement and betterment of our company, by providing them an opportunity to participate in the ownership of our Company
and thereby have an interest in the success and increased value of our Company. 

The Plan is administered by our board of directors;
however, the board of directors may designate administration of the Plan to a committee consisting of at least two independent directors.
Only employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company , as defined in the Plan, (including members of the board of directors
if they are employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company) are eligible to receive incentive stock options under the Plan. Employees
of our Company or of an Affiliated Company, members of the board of directors (whether or not employed by our company or an Affiliated
Company), and Service Providers , as defined in the Plan, are eligible to receive non-qualified options, restricted stock
units, and stock appreciation rights under the Plan. All awards are subject to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

No option awards may be exercisable more than
ten years after the date it is granted. In the event of termination of employment for cause, the options terminate on the date of employment
is terminated. In the event of termination of employment for disability or death, the optionee or administrator of optionee s estate
or transferee has six months following the date of termination to exercise options received at the time of disability or death. In the
event of termination for any other reason other than for cause, disability or death, the optionee has 30 days to exercise his or her
options. 

6 

The Plan will continue in effect until all the
stock available for grant or issuance has been acquired through exercise of options or grants of shares, or until ten years after its
adoption, whichever is earlier. Awards under the Plan may also be accelerated in the event of certain corporate transactions such as a
merger or consolidation or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all our assets. 

There are 2,500,000 shares authorized for issuance
under the Plan. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Board had granted
options to purchase 300,000 shares Common Stock under the Plan. 

Stock Options 

We have issued options to purchase 300,000 shares
of our common stock, as described herein. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On November 11, 2022, we issued 500,000 shares
each to Don Smith, our CFO, and Steve Ritacco, our CIO, pursuant to the terms of their employment agreements. The total of 1,000,000 shares,
which became vested on July 1, 2022, were valued at 300,000 or 0.30 per share which was the value of our stock on their date of grant. 

On January 5, 2023, we entered into a Private
Placement Subscription Agreement PPM with a third party (the Subscriber under which the Subscriber agreed
to purchase 250,000 units with each unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a warrant to purchase one additional share. The
consideration received was 25,000. The warrants are exercisable immediately at 0.10 per share, which was the fair market value of our
common stock on the date of the agreement and expire in three years from the date of issuance. In allocating the proceeds of the PPM between
the common stock and the warrant, we valued the warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recorded the resulting amount
of 12,500 as an increase to additional paid-in capital. The shares were issued in April 2023. 

On April 13, 2023, we entered into a Private Placement
Subscription Agreement PPM with a third party (the Subscriber under which the Subscriber agreed to purchase
1,000,000 units with each unit consisting of one share of our common stock. The consideration received was 25,000. The shares have not
yet been issued. 

Shares for Services 

Bonus shares 

On April 21, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized
bonuses totaling 350,000 shares to be issued as follows: 250,000 shares to our then CFO and 100,000 shares to a vendor. To date only 100,000
bonus shares have been issued to our then CFO and the remaining 250,000 bonus shares have yet to be issued. 

Employment Agreement Shares 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, we issued
500,000 shares each to the CFO and CIO (total of 1,000,000 shares) as stock awards under the terms of their employment agreements. These
shares had been vested as of December 31, 2022, but had not been issued until 2023. Additionally, in accordance with the terms of their
employment agreements, a total of 916,667 shares became vested during the year ended December 31, 2023 to these two individuals (500,000
shares to our CIO and 416,667 shares to our CFO). The shares vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were valued at 275,000,
or 0.30 per share, which was the fair market value of the shares on November 17, 2021, the date they were awarded. This amount was recorded
as a general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2023 

The shares issued in
reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act, based in part on the representations of the investors. There were no sales commissions paid pursuant to these
transactions. 

7 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED.] 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain forward-looking statements. Historical results may not indicate future
performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events; are based on assumptions and are subject to
known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements.
Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, those discussed herein. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, including any changes
that might result from any facts, events, or circumstances after the date hereof that may bear upon forward-looking statements. Furthermore,
we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying financial statements of the Company
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this management s discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contain certain forward-looking statements. To the extent that such statements
are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward- looking statements which, by definition involve risks and
uncertainties. Where in any forward-looking statements, if we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation
or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation
or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. 

Factors that may cause differences between actual
results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements and are not limited to the following: 

the unprecedented impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business, customers, employees, subcontractors, consultants, service providers, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders; 

the impact of conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine on our operations; 

geo-political events, such as the crisis in Ukraine, government responses to such events and the related impact on the economy both nationally and internationally; 

general market and economic conditions; 

our ability to acquire customers and our ability to raise sufficient capital 

our ability to meet the volume and service requirements of our customers; 

industry consolidation, including acquisitions by us or our competitors; 

success in developing new products; 

timing of our new product introductions; 

new product introductions by competitors; 

the ability of competitors to more fully leverage low-cost geographies for manufacturing or distribution; 

product pricing, including the impact of currency exchange rates; 

effectiveness of sales and marketing resources and strategies; 

adequate manufacturing capacity and supply of components and materials; 

strategic relationships with suppliers; 

product quality and performance; 

protection of our products and brand by effective use of intellectual property laws; 

the financial strength of our competitors; 

the outcome of any future litigation or commercial dispute; 

barriers to entry imposed by competitors with significant market power in new markets; and 

government actions throughout the world. 

8 

You should not rely on forward-looking statements
in this document. This managements discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use
words such as anticipates, believes, plans, expects, future, intends, 
and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these statements,
which apply only as of the date of this document. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The following discussions are based upon our financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Going Concern Considerations 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which contemplate continuation of
our Company as a going concern. We currently have no revenues, have incurred net losses, and have an accumulated deficit of 2,693,747
as of December 31, 2023. The continuation of our Company as a going concern 

 is dependent upon our ability to raise equity
or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from any future business we may acquire. There are no assurances that we
will be successful in obtaining sufficient capital to continue as a going concern. If our working capital needs are not met and we are
unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced to cease operations. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Intellectual Property 

We have patented technologies with a focus on
artificial intelligence AI ), machine learning with optimization and Smart Deployment algorithms. It involves anticipating
demand for passengers and dispatching cars in advance to reduce wait-time, increasing utilization of vehicles, and decreasing cost. It
includes a new and efficient system for tracking and charging customers with preferred rates, supply and demand rates, and specific 
community engagement. 

Patent expenses, consisting mainly of patent filing
fees, have been capitalized and are shown as an asset on our balance sheet. We amortize our patent assets over the remaining life of the
patent, which is approximately 10 years. 

Long-lived Assets 

We follow ASC 360-10-15-3, Impairment or Disposal
of Long-lived Assets, which established a primary asset approach to determine the cash flow estimation period for a group
of assets and liabilities that represents the unit of accounting for a long-lived asset to be held and used. Long-lived assets to
be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower
of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 

9 

Common Stock Issued for Services 

Our accounting policy for equity instruments issued
to consultants and vendors in exchange for goods and services follows the provisions of Emerging Issues Task Force EITF 96-18, Accounting for Equity Instruments That are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods
or Services , codified into ASC 505 Equity . The measurement date for the fair value of the equity instruments issued is determined
at the earlier of (i) the date at which a commitment for performance by the consultant or vendor is reached or (ii) the date at which
the consultant or vendor's performance is complete. In the case of equity instruments issued to consultants, the fair value of the equity
instrument is recognized over the term of the consulting agreement at various performance completion dates, and for unvested instruments,
at each reporting date. Compensation expense, once recorded, may not be reversed. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position and result of operations. 

Trends and Uncertainties 

Demand for our products is dependent on general
economic conditions, which are cyclical in nature. Because a major portion of our activities are the receipt of revenues from our services
and products, our business operations may be adversely affected by competitors and prolonged recessionary periods. 

There are no other known trends, events or uncertainties
that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our short-term or long-term liquidity. Sources of liquidity will come
from the sale of our products and services. There are no material commitments for capital expenditure at this time. There are no trends,
events or uncertainties that have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact on the net sales or revenues or income from
continuing operations. There are no significant elements of income or loss that do not arise from the registrant s continuing operations.
There are no other known causes for any material changes from period to period in one or more line items of our financial statements. 

Impact of COVID-19 

During the year 2021, the effects of a new coronavirus COVID-19 and related actions to attempt to control its spread began to impact our business. The impact of COVID-19
on our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2021 was limited, in all material respects, due to the government mandated numerous
measures, including closures of businesses, limitations on movements of individuals and goods, and the imposition of other restrictive
measures, in its efforts to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 within the country. 

On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization
designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic. Governments around the world have mandated, and continue to introduce, orders to slow the transmission
of the virus, including but not limited to shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, significant restrictions on travel, as well as work restrictions
that prohibit many employees from going to work. Uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the pandemic has introduced significant
volatility in the financial markets. 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended
December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 

For both years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022,
we had no revenues. 

Our operating expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 185,914 compared to 1,098,690 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2023, the expenses
are related to normal operating practices. In 2022, we incurred an expense of 600,000 for common stock issued and issuable to our Chief
Financial and Chief Information Officers in connection with the terms of their amended employment agreements. In 2022, we also incurred
an expense of 334,000 related to the investor relations agreement with SRAX, Inc. as described in Note 9 to the accompanying financial
statements. Also in 2022, we recorded a 20,000 expense paid to a firm to provide DTC eligibility services to our Company. Finally in
2022, our professional fees include an expense of 42,000 for our Chief Financial Officer hired in November 2021. This cost was partially
offset by a reduction of 26,535 in our accounting fees. 

10 

Our other income/expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled net expenses of 392,823 The 2022 period included debt discount amortization of 208,287
related to the convertible promissory note described in Note 6 to the accompanying financial statements. The 2022 period also included
interest expense of 34,931. Finally, in 2022 we recorded a net loss on extinguishment of debt of 149,605, mainly due to a 150,000 debt
extinguishment cost resulting from a debt extension agreement for our convertible promissory note. In the 2021 period, we recorded a net
gain on extinguishment of debt of 41,914 in connection with the repayment of a promissory note. 

Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2023,
of 185,918 0.01 per share) compares to a net loss of 1,491,513 0.04 per share) in the previous year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have previously raised
capital through debt financing, advances from related parties and private placements of our common stock to meet operating needs. During
the year ended December 31, 2023 the company was financed by Related Parties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued a promissory
note to a note holder and received 20,000 in proceeds. As of December 31, 2023, we have NIL in cash, and we will need to raise additional
funds to execute our current plan of operation. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds to execute our plan of operation, we intend
to scale back our operations commensurately with the funds available to us. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced
to cease operations. 

We have no plant or significant equipment to sell,
nor are we going to buy any plant or significant equipment during the next 12 months. 

Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, 2023, we had cash of NIL and
total assets of 1,789,157 compared with cash of 4,213 and total assets of 137,652 as of December 31, 2022. Our total liabilities increased
in the 2023 period compared to 2022 by 316,295 due to increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 145,084), notes payable,
net of debt discount 103,075) and related party advances 49,909). 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 we issued
or became obligated to issue shares of our common stock as follows: 2,000,000 shares to our CFO and CTO in accordance with the terms of
their employment agreements, 24,000 shares in settlement of a promissory note, and 600,000 shares for the extension of the maturity date
of our convertible note payable. 

Cash Flows 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, we used cash of 4,213 in our operating activities versus 154,504 in the comparable 2022 period. This use of cash
in the 2023 period was caused by our net loss of 185,918 offset to some degree by the total non-cash items of shares issued for services,
shares issued in accordance with terms of employment agreements, loss on extinguishment of debt, amortization of debt discount, and changes
in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and deferred revenue. In the 2022 period, our net loss of 1,098,690 was offset mainly by
non-cash items of shares issued for services and, gain on extinguishment of debt, amortization of debt discount, and changes in accounts
payable and accrued liabilities. 

Our investing activities
used cash of (9,424) and 85,444 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily related to costs incurred in
the development of our digital transportation platform. 

In the year ended December 31, 2023, we generated
 (89,872) in financing activities from related party advances in the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 122,680 in financing
activities from the issuance of a note payable of 20,000 as well as proceeds from related party advances of 102,680. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity capital expenditures or capital resources. 

11 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. Certain specified reduced reporting and other regulatory
requirements that are available to public companies that are emerging growth companies include: 

1. 
 an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

2. 
 an exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies; 

3. 
 an exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about our audit and our financial statements; and 

4. 
 reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements. 

We have elected to take advantage of the exemption
from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they apply to private companies. As a result of this election,
our financial statements may not be comparable to public companies required to adopt these new requirements. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company, 
we are not required to furnish information under this Item 7A. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The financial statements and supplementary data
required by this item are included following the signature page of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We have established disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and, as such, is accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive
Officer, Joseph Grimes who serves as our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, Don Smith who serves as our principal
accounting and financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Messrs. Grimes and Smith evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2023.
Based on their evaluation, Messrs. Grimes and Smith concluded that, due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023. In light of the material
weakness in internal control over financial reporting, we completed substantive procedures, including validating the completeness and
accuracy of the underlying data used for accounting prior to filing this Annual Report. 

These additional procedures have allowed us to
conclude that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the consolidated financial statements
included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the
periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

12 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based upon Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

During its evaluation, management noted certain
matters involving internal control and its operation that we consider to be significant deficiencies or material weaknesses under standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). A control deficiency exists when the design or operation
of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect
misstatements on a timely basis. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We noted deficiencies involving lack of segregation
of duties, lack of governance/oversight, and lack of internal control documentation that we believe to be material weaknesses. 

Because of this material weaknesses, management
concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria described
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

Remediation of the Material Weakness 

We are evaluating the material weaknesses and
developing a plan of remediation to strengthen our overall internal control over financial reporting. The remediation plan will include
the creation and adoption of a formal policy manual specifically dealing with financial controls. 

We are committed to maintaining a strong internal
control environment and we believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant improvements in our controls. Some of these
steps will take time to be fully integrated and confirmed to be effective and sustainable. Additional controls may also be required over
time. Until the remediation steps set forth above are fully implemented and tested, the material weakness described above will continue
to exist. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during our most recent fiscal quarter ended December 31,
2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

13 

Important Considerations 

The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures and our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments
used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error,
and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate
over time. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures or internal control
over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information known in a timely
manner to the appropriate levels of management. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

During the
quarter ended December 31, 2023, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 
or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable to the
Company. 

14 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Current Management 

The following table sets forth information concerning
our executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Age 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Joseph Grimes 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 January 18, 2020 
 
 66 

60 
 
 Steven Ritacco 
 
 Director and Chief Technology Officer 
 
 June 1, 2020 
 
 60 
 
 Sanjay Prasad, Esq. 
 
 Director 
 
 June 1, 2020 
 
 59 

Directors are elected to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. A majority of the authorized number of directors
constitutes a quorum of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute
a quorum. However, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all members
of the Board of Directors individually or collectively consent in writing to the action. 

Business Experience of Executive Officers
and Directors 

The principal occupation and business experience
during the past five years for our executive officers and directors is as follows: 

Joseph Grimes: Mr. Grimes has served as
our Chief Executive Officer and director since January 18, 2020. Mr. Grimes has over 20 years of executive and managerial level positions
leading large teams who successfully executed complex business strategies. His notable achievements include launching new products and
companies, and establishing new software development and manufacturing enterprises domestically and overseas. For 12 years, he was founder
and President of ISERA Group, where he directed efforts resulting in 12 Small Business Innovative Research Grants, managed five teams
of software designers and developed sophisticated Decision Support Software Systems (DSSS) for Commercial, Military and Government sectors.
He is the Founder and CEO of Tribal Rides, Inc from 2014 to present. 

He has programming experience in OOP in C++ and VB with Access and
SQL Server, DBMS. 

Steven Ritacco: Mr. Ritacco has served
as a director since June 1, 2020 and as our Chief Technology Officer since November 18, 2021. From April 2001 until the present, Mr. Ritacco
has served as President of KeptPrivate Inc./Proxemi. From September 2015 until March 2018, Mr. Ritacco served as Chief Technology Officer
of Blue NRGY Group Ltd. Mr. Ritacco received an undergraduate degree from the University of Rhode Island. 

Sanjay Prasad: Mr. Prasad has served as
a director since June 1, 2020. Mr. Prasad has served in a variety of roles as an attorney and advisor to companies around the world. From
July 2020 until the present, Mr. Prasad has been a partner at Appleton Luff, a boutique international law firm. He is also an Associate
Professor at the Sandra Day O Connnor College of Law at Arizona State University. From July 2013 until July 2020, Mr. Prasad was
a principal at Prasad IP, PC., a law firm specializing in intellectual property. Prior to that Mr. Prasad has served as chief patent counsel
at Oracle Corporation and in various executive roles in intellectual property commercialization and as a business executive at Intellectual
Ventures and IPVALUE Management. Mr. Prasad received a law degree from the Syracuse University College of Law, and graduate and undergraduate
degrees in computer and electrical engineering, respectively, from Boston University. 

15 

Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years there have been no events
under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability
and integrity of any of our directors or executive officers, and none of these persons has been involved in any judicial or administrative
proceedings resulting from involvement in mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, any judicial or administrative
proceedings based on violations of federal or state securities, commodities, banking or insurance laws or regulations, or any disciplinary
sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
of our directors and executive officers. 

Director Independence 

We are not currently subject to listing requirements
of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority
of independent directors. 

We currently have not established any committees
of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees
in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to
the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date, other than as described above, no security holders
have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees.
Given the present size of our board it is not practical for us to have committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our
operations, we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities accordingly. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities,
to file with the Commission reports regarding initial ownership and changes in ownership. Directors, executive officers, and greater than
10 stockholders are required by the Commission to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Joseph
Grimes had an obligation to file a Form 4; however, the Form 3 was not timely filed. In addition, Joseph Grimes and Steven Ritacco each
had obligations to file a Form 4; however, the Form 4s were not timely filed. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a Code of Ethics. We have
had minimal operations or business and have not generated any revenues and have limited members of management, including one sole executive
officer. Due to this, we feel that the adoption of a Code of Ethics would not serve the primary purpose of such a code to provide a manner
of conduct as the development, execution and enforcement of such a code would be by the same persons and only persons to whom such code
applied. At such time as we commence more significant business operations, the current officers and directors will recommend that such
a code be adopted. 

16 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the annual compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the following named executive officers for all services rendered in all capacities
to our company and its subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and principal position 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Joseph Grimes, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2023 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

2022 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Don Smith, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2023 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

2022 
 
 42,000 (1) 
 
 300,000 (2) 
 
 342,000 
 
 Steven Ritacco, Chief Technology Officer 
 
 2023 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

2022 
 
 24,000 (3) 
 
 300,000 (4) 
 
 324,000 

(1) 
 As of December 31, 2023, 37,000 of Mr. Smith s salary was accrued and unpaid. 

(2) 
 During 2022, Mr. Smith was awarded 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

(3) 
 As of December 31, 2023, 16,000 of Mr. Ritacco s salary was accrued and unpaid. 

(4) 
 During 2022, Mr. Smith was awarded 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

CFO Employment Agreement 

Effective November 17, 2021, we entered into an
Employment Agreement with Don Smith (the CFO Agreement ), our Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the CFO Agreement,
Mr. Smith is entitled to monthly cash compensation of 3,500 per month. In addition, beginning January 1, 2022, Mr. Smith will be awarded
1,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company annually for three years (the CFO Shares ). The CFO Shares will vest
every six months. The CFO Agreement may be terminated, for any reason, by either party upon written notice to the other party. 

CTO Employment Agreement 

Effective November 17, 2021, we entered into an
Employment Agreement with Steven Ritacco (the CTO Agreement ), our Chief Technology Officer. Pursuant to the CTO Agreement,
Mr. Ritacco is entitled to monthly cash compensation of 8,000 per month. In addition, beginning January 1, 2022, Mr. Ritacco will be
awarded 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company annually for three years (the CTO Shares ). The CTO Shares
will vest every six months. The CTO Agreement may be terminated, for any reason, by either party upon written notice to the other party. 

Equity Awards 

The following table sets forth information concerning
as of the year ended December 31, 2022 for our named executive officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Stock awards 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of 
shares or units 
of stock 
that have 
not vested 
(#) 
 
 Market value 
of shares of 
units of stock 
that have 
not vested ) 

Equity incentive 
 plan awards: 
 Number of 
 unearned shares, 
 units or other 
 rights that have 
 not vested 
 (#) 

Equity incentive 
 plan awards: 
 Market or 
 payout value 
 of unearned 
 shares, units 
 or other rights 
 that have not vested 
 ) 
 
 Joseph Grimes 
 
 33,334 
 
 0.01 (1) 
 
 33,334 
 
 0.01 (1) 
 
 Don Smith 
 
 2,000,000 
 
 0.14 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Steven Ritacco 
 
 2,033,334 
 
 0.14 
 
 33,334 
 
 0.01 
 
 ______________________ 

(1) 
 The fair market value was deemed 0.01 per share. 

17 

Director Compensation 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, there
was no compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our directors who are not named executive officers for all services rendered in
their capacities to our Company. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS. 

The following table and footnotes thereto sets
forth information regarding the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each director and named executive officer of
our company, (ii) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock,
and (iii) named executive officers, executive officers, and directors of the Company as a group as of April 17, 2024. In calculating any
percentage in the following table of common stock beneficially owned by one or more persons named therein, the following table assumes
39,935,500 shares of common stock outstanding. Unless otherwise further indicated in the following table, the footnotes thereto and/or
elsewhere in this report, the persons and entities named in the following table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect
to the shares set forth opposite the shareholder s name, subject to community property laws, where applicable. Unless as otherwise
indicated in the following table and/or the footnotes thereto, the address of our named executive officers and directors in the following
tables is: 26060 Acero, Mission Viejo, CA 92691. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and 
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership (1) 
 
 Percent 
of Class (1) 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Joseph Grimes 
 
 21,646,167 (2) 
 
 59.76 

Sanjay Prasad 
 
 1,466,667 (3) 
 
 4.05 

Steven Ritacco 
 
 1,643,332 (4) 
 
 4.48 

Don Smith 
 
 1,436,665 (5) 
 
 3.93 

Executive Officers, Named Executive Officers, and Directors as a Group (4 Persons) 
 
 26,192,831 
 
 70.35 

Aika Patel 
 2235 FREDRICK DGLSS 2D 
 NEW YORK NY 10027 
 
 2,300,000 
 
 6.36 

_________________ 

 Less than 1 

(1) 
 Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the above table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on the April 17, 2023. 

(2) 
 Includes 1,579,500 shares owned by Tribal Rides, Inc. of which Mr. Grimes is Chief Executive Officer. Also includes options to purchase 66,667 shares of the Company s Common Stock which have vested. 

(3) 
 Includes options to purchase 66,667 shares of the Company s Common Stock which have vested. 

(4) 
 Includes options to purchase 66,667 shares of the Company s Common Stock which have vested. Includes 269,999 shares which have vested but have yet to be issued. Also includes 166,666 shares which will vest within 60 days of April 17, 2023. 

(5) 
 Includes 269,999 shares which have vested but have yet to be issued. Also includes 166,666 shares which will vest within 60 days of April 17, 2023. 

18 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

For transactions with our executive officers,
please see the disclosure under ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. above. 

Asset Purchase with Tribal Rides, Inc. 

On January 18, 2020, we entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement with Tribal Rides pursuant to which we purchased certain assets of Tribal Rides in exchange for the issuance of 25,000,000
shares of the Company s Common Stock. Mr. Grimes, our CEO, is also the CEO of Tribal Rides. Mr. Grimes is also a shareholder of
Tribal Rides. 

On January 13, 2022, Tribal Rides transferred
20,000,000 shares to Mr. Grimes. 

Director Independence 

We are not currently subject to listing requirements
of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority
of independent directors. Although we have not adopted the independence standards any national securities exchange to determine
the independence of directors, the NYSE MKT LLC provides that a person will be considered an independent director if he or she is not
an officer of the company and is, in the view of our board of directors, free of any relationship that would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment. Under this standard, our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Prasad and Ritacco would meet this standard,
and therefore, would be considered to be independent. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Fees Paid 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in the
quarterly reports and other fees that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 29,827 and 28,000 for the period ended December 31, 2021. There will be a fee of 6,500 for
the 2023 audit. 

Audit-Related Fees 

There were no fees billed for assurance and related
services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements,
other than those reported above, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Tax Fees 

There were no fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

19 

All Other Fees 

There were no other fees billed for products or
services provided by the principal accountants, other than those previously reported above, for the years ended December 31, 2023, and
2022. 

Audit Committee 

We do not have an Audit Committee; therefore,
the Board of Directors has considered whether the non-audit services provided by our auditors to us are compatible with maintaining the
independence of our auditors and concluded that the independence of our auditors is not compromised by the provision of such services.
Our Board of Directors pre-approves all auditing services and permitted non-audit services, including the fees and terms of those services,
to be performed for us by our independent auditor prior to engagement. 

20 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Financial Statements 

The following financial statements are filed with
this Annual Report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:) 

Audited Balance Sheets at
December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Audited Statements of Operations for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Audited Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Audited Statements of Cash Flows for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Notes to Audited Financial
Statements 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included with this
Annual Report: 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
Date 
 
 Filed or Furnished 
Herewith 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Financial Officer 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

X 

_________________ 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

21 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

Date: October 2, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph Grimes 

Joseph Grimes, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/ s/ Joseph Grimes 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 October 2, 2024 
 
 Joseph Grimes 

/s/ Sanjay Prasad 
 
 Director 
 
 October 2, 2024 
 
 Sanjay Prasad, Esq. 

/s/ Steven Ritacco 
 
 Director, Chief Technology Officer 
 
 October 2, 2024 
 
 Steven Ritacco 

23 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-3 

Balance Sheets at December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL, CORP. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Tribal Rides International Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2, the Company suffered an accumulated deficit
of (2,851,996), net loss of (185,918) and a negative working capital of (846,618). These matters raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regards to these matters are also described in Note
2 to the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. Communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
taken as a whole and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter
or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

/s/ Olayinka Oyebola 

(Chartered Accountants) 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2024. 

 September 20, 2024 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Tribal Rides International Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Tribal Rides International Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
no revenue, suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2 to the financial statements.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the board of directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ TAAD LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 

April 17, 2023 

F- 3 

TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Software and equipment, net 

Patents, net 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Notes payable, net of debt discount 

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively 

Preferred stock to be issued, and shares as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 4 

TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 
 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative (includes stock-based expense of and , respectively) 

Total operating expense 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares basic and diluted 

Weighted average basic and diluted loss per common share 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 5 

TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 To Be Issued 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Shares issued for services 

Shares and warrant issuable with debt 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 (Audited) 

Shares issued for services 

Cancellation of shares 

Shares issued or issuable pursuant to employment agreements 

Shares issuable in settlement of debt 

Shares issued in extinguishment of debt 

Out-of-period adjustment error correction 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 (Audited) 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock To Be Issued 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Shares issuable with PPM 

Warrant issuable with PPM 

Shares issued or issuable for services 

Stock award shares 

Cancelled shares 

Gain Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2023
 (Audited) 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 6 

TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 
 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Expense for shares issued in 2022 for services 

Shares issued and issuable pursuant to employment agreements 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

Amortization of software and equipment 

Amortization of debt discount 

Changes in operating assets/liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings from related parties 

Proceeds from note payable non-related 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Adjustment to Retained Earnings 

Net cash from financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Debt discount on convertible promissory note 

Shares issuable on settlement of debt 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 7 

TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as of December 31, 2023. The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise equity
or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from any future business we may acquire. There are no assurances that we
will be successful in obtaining sufficient capital to continue as a going concern. If our working capital needs are not met and we are
unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced to cease operations. 

The accompanying financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if our Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

For assets and liabilities,
such as cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying
amounts approximate fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 

Fair Value Hierarchy of assets
and liabilities that are recognized and measured at fair value in the financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (level 3 inputs
are not applicable): 

Year ended December 31, 2022: 

Liabilities: 

Due to related parties recognized at fair value (1) 

____________ 

(1) 

During the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 there were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3. 

Financial risk factors 

As our software platform
has not yet been launched and we believe our activities do not yet expose us to any market, credit or liquidity risk. 

Equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Beginning in the fourth quarter
of 2021, we began developing our digital transportation enablement and enhancement platform for customer use. During the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we capitalized and of such costs representing the costs incurred in the application development stage,
which include costs to design and program the software configuration and interfaces, coding, installation and testing. Once the software
is installed and fully tested and we begin to use it for its intended purposes, which we estimate will be in calendar 2023, the costs
will be amortized over a five- year period, which is the expected useful life. Additional costs to maintain the software will be expensed. 

Equipment consists of computers. 

Depreciation and amortization
of software and equipment amounted to NIL and
 for the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

 and , respectively. 

Sanjay Prasad 

Don Smith 

KeptPrivate.com 

Mr. Grimes is our CEO and
Director as well as our largest shareholder. 

Mr. Prasad, one of our
Directors, has made various patent filings for our Company in recent years, which amounts have been recorded in Patents, net on the
accompanying Balance Sheet. Amounts charged by Mr. Prasad for the years 2023 and 2022 totaled NIL 
and ,
respectively. 

Mr. Smith is our CFO and
is a party to a November 17, 2021 employment agreement, as amended, with our Company under which Mr. Smith is to receive monthly cash
payments of 3,500. The amounts charged by Mr. Smith for services for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 totaled NIL and 
 respectively. 

KeptPrivate.com is
owned by Mr. Steven Ritacco, a Director of our Company. His company performs services related to the development of our digital
transportation enablement and enhancement platform, which amounts are included in Software and Equipment, net on the accompanying
Balance Sheet. The amount charged by KeptPrivate.com for services for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 totaled NIL 
and ,
respectively. Of the amounts charged by KeptPrivate.com for the year ended December 31, 2022, was
paid and recorded as Software for Internal Use and was
unpaid and recorded as a general and administrative expense. 

Amount due to related parties
bear no interest, are unsecured and are repayable on demand. Imputed interest on amounts owed is immaterial. 

Less debt discount on amounts borrowed 

Promissory notes 

Subtotal 

Less current portion 

() 

() 
 
 Long-term portion 

Convertible Promissory Note 

On November 10, 2021 (the
 Issue Date ), we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with a third party (the Lender ),
for the purchase of a Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the principal amount of . The Note carries an original
issue discount of along with a requirement to pay in expenses. The total of 45,550 has been recorded as original issue
discount. As a result, we were provided upon the Note s execution. The Note was to mature on , subject to a
six-month extension at our Company s request. The Note accrued interest at per annum from the Issue Date with monthly interest
payments being due at the beginning of each month. In the event the Note is extended for six months, the interest will accrue at 12 per
annum and, in the event of a default, interest will accrue at 20 per annum. The Note is secured by all of our Company s assets. 

In addition to the issuance
of the Note, we were obligated to issue to the Lender, as a commitment fee, restricted shares of our common stock (the Commitment
Shares ). Along with the issuance of the Commitment Shares, we were required to issue to the Lender a warrant to purchase 
shares of our common stock (the Warrant ). All or any part of the Warrant is immediately exercisable at 1.00 per share and
expires three years from the Issue Date. The Warrants are subject to adjustments as provided in the warrant agreement. The Commitment
Shares and Warrant were issued in February 2022. 

On May 22, 2022, pursuant
to our Company s request, the Note was extended for six months until November 10, 2022. On November 22, we signed a Modification-Extension
of Maturity Date letter from the note holder extending the maturity date of the Note to . Under the terms of this letter,
we agreed to issue the note holder restricted shares of our common stock which we valued at , or per share, based
on the fair market value of our stock at the date of acceptance. This amount was recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt as it represented
a major modification to the Note. The shares have not yet been issued but we are working with our transfer agent to have them issued.
After December 31, 2022, we reached an agreement with the noteholder to further extend the maturity date of the Note to .
Under this further extension, we agreed among other things to issue the noteholder shares of our common stock at a value of
 per share which was the closing price of our stock on the date of the agreement. See Note 10 for further information. 

The Note is convertible only
upon an event of default (as defined in the Note) and is then convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of the our common stock at
a conversion price equal to the lesser of 90 multiplied by the lowest trading price (i) during the previous 20 trading day period ending
on the Issue Date, or (ii) during the previous 20 trading day period ending on the date of conversion of the Note (the Conversion
Price ). The Conversion Price is subject to various adjustments, as specified in the Note. There has been no event of default to
date. 

While the Note is issued
and outstanding, our Company is required at all times to have authorized and reserved five times the number of shares that are actually
issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to time) (the Reserved
Amount ). If, at any time we do not maintain or replenish the Reserved Amount within three business days of the request of the Lender,
the principal amount of the Note will increase by 5,000 per occurrence. If we fail to maintain our status as DTC Eligible 
for any reason, or, if the Conversion Price is less than 0.01 at any time after the Issue Date, the principal amount of the Note will
be increased by 5,000 and the Conversion Price will be redefined to mean 50 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined in the Note),
subject to adjustments (which includes an adjustment for anti-dilutive issuances). The Note and the SPA also contain various restrictions
and grant to the Lender various rights. 

Upon an Event of Default,
the Note will become immediately due and payable, and our Company will pay to the Lender the Default Sum (as defined in the Note) or the
Default Amount (as defined in the Note). 

We are amortized the debt
discount over the initial six-month term of the Note resulting in amortization of and for the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022. 

During the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we recorded interest expense for this note of NIL
 and ,
respectively. 

Promissory Notes 

On June 10, 2021, we issued
a promissory note to a non-related third party in the principal amount of . The note, which is unsecured, bears interest at 
per annum and was repayable December 10, 2021, six months from the date of issue. The creditor subsequently extended the due date of the
note to November 1, 2022. The promissory note contained a provision that, in the event of non-payment at maturity (an event of default),
our Company would be required to issue the note holder shares of our common stock in full satisfaction of the promissory note.
Because of our non-payment at the November 1, 2022 due date, we became obligated to issue the note holder common shares. We have
recorded the shares issuable under this provision at , or per share, which was the fair market value of our stock at the date
of our obligation. The shares have not yet been issued but we are working with our transfer agent to have them issued. This transaction
resulted in a gain on extinguishment of debt in the amount of . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded interest
expense of and , respectively. The accrued but unpaid interest at December 31, 2023 is included on the accompanying Balance
Sheet in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities. 

On August 1, 2022, we issued
a promissory note to a non-related third party in the principal amount of . The note, which is unsecured, bears interest at 
per annum and is repayable January 26, 2023. The note is currently in default, and we are working with the note holder to extend the maturity
date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded interest expense of for this note. The accrued but unpaid interest as
of December 31, 2023 is included on the accompanying Balance Sheet in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities. 

shares of our par value common stock and each holder is entitled to one (1) vote on all matters subject to a vote
of stockholders. We discovered an error whereby we previously reported our par value as 0.0001 per share. In accordance with Staff Accounting
Bulletin SAB 99, Materiality , and SAB 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying
Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements , we evaluated the materiality of the error from qualitative and quantitative perspectives,
and concluded that the error was immaterial to the Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021 and Statement of Operations, Changes in Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit), and Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. We have corrected this error by making an out-of-period adjustment
as of December 31, 2022, reducing Balance Sheet amounts for both Common Stock and Common Stock to be Issued, and increasing the Balance
Sheet amount for Additional Paid-In Capital. 

Common stock activity for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows: 

2023 

1. 
 On November 11, 2022, we issued shares each to Don Smith, our CEO, and Steve Ritacco, our CIO, in accordance with the terms of their employment agreements. The total of 1,000,000 shares, which became vested on July 1, 2022, were valued at 300,000 or 0.30 per share which was the value of our stock on their date of grant. 

2. 
 In connection with the employment agreements for Messrs. Smith and Ritacco, we were obligated to issue shares to each individual on their vesting date of December 31, 2022. The total of 1,000,000 shares were issued in January 2023. 

3. 
 On November 22, 2022, we became obligated to issue shares to the holder of the convertible promissory note as explained in Note 6. The shares have not yet been issued but we are working with our transfer agent to have them issued. 

4. 
 In November 2022, we became obligated to issue shares to a promissory note holder as explained in Note 6. The shares have not yet been issued but we are working with our transfer agent to have them issued. 

5. 
 In February 2023, four stockholders agreed to cancel a total of shares of our common stock they held. We paid no consideration to the stockholders for the cancellation of their shares. 

2022 

1. 
 In connection with our issuance of the Convertible Promissory Note described in Note 6, we were committed to issue shares at December 31, 2021. The shares were issued on February 28, 2022. 

2. 
 On April 21, 2022 a stockholder agreed to cancel shares they held. 

3. 
 On November 11, 2022, we issued shares each to Don Smith, our CEO, and Steve Ritacco, our CIO, pursuant to the terms of their employment agreements. The total of 1,000,000 shares, which became vested on July 1, 2022, were valued at 300,000 or 0.30 per share which was the value of our stock on their date of grant. 

4. 
 In connection with the employment agreements for Messrs. Smith and Ritacco, we became obligated to issue an additional shares each on their vesting date of December 31, 2022. The total of 1,000,000 shares were valued at 300,000 or 0.30 per share which was the value of our stock on December 31, 2022 the date they became vested. The shares were issued in January 2023. 

5. 
 On November 22, 2022, we became obligated to issue shares to the holder of the convertible promissory note as explained in Note 6. The shares have not yet been issued but we are working with our transfer agent to have them issued. 

6. 
 In November 2022, we became obligated to issue shares to a promissory note holder as explained in Note 6. The shares have not yet been issued but we are working with our transfer agent to have them issued. 

2020 Stock Incentive Plan 

Effective June 20, 2020,
our Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan authorizing a total of shares of our common
stock for future issuances under the Plan. Under the Plan, the exercise price of a granted option shall not be less than 100 of the fair
market value on the date of grant (110 of the fair market value in the case of a 10 stockholder). Additionally, no option may be exercisable
more than ten (10) years after the date it is granted (no more than five (5) years in the case of a 10 stockholder). 

Stock Options 

On June 20, 2020, we granted
options to purchase of our common shares to each of Messrs. Grimes, Prasad, and Ritacco, all Officers and/or Directors of our
Company. The options are exercisable at 0.01 per share, expire five (5) years from the date of grant, and vest ratably beginning December
20, 2021 over the term of the option. 

The fair value of each stock
option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and resulted in a de minimis valuation. The assumptions
used in determining the fair value of the stock options were as follows: 

 years 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Annual expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate: 
We use the risk-free interest rate of a U.S. Treasury Bill with a similar term on the date of the option grant. 

Volatility: We estimate
the expected volatility of the stock price based on the corresponding volatility of our historical stock price. 

Dividend yield: We use
a 0 expected dividend yield as we have not paid dividends to date and do not anticipate declaring dividends in the near future. 

Remaining term: The remaining
term is based on the remaining contractual term of the stock options. 

Activity related to stock
options for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Granted during 2020 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Outstanding, December 31, 2023 

Exercisable, end of period 

Warrants 

In connection with the transaction
with the third-party lender discussed in Note 6, we issued the lender a three-year warrant to purchase common shares at 
per share. In allocating the proceeds of the Note between the Note, the Commitment Shares and the Warrant, we valued the Warrant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recorded a debt discount of which is included in the total discount of described
in Note 6. The assumptions used in determining the fair value of the warrants were as follows: 

 years 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Annual expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate: 
We use the risk-free interest rate of a U.S. Treasury Bill with a similar term on the date of the option grant. 

Volatility: We estimate
the expected volatility of the stock price based on the corresponding volatility of our historical stock price. 

Dividend yield: We use
a 0 expected dividend yield as we have not paid dividends to date and do not anticipate declaring dividends in the near future. 

Remaining term: The remaining
term is based on the remaining contractual term of the warrant. 

Activity related to the
warrant for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Granted during 2021 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Outstanding, December 31, 2023 

Exercisable, end of period 

which may be available to reduce various future years' federal taxable
income. Future tax benefits which may result from these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization
is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, we have recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to the net
operating loss carry forwards. 

The following table presents
the current income tax provision for federal and state income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

State 

Total provision for income taxes 

Reconciliations of the U.S.
federal statutory rate to the actual tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022: 

Stock issued for outside and employment services 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of accounts payable 
 - 

Debt discount amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase in valuation reserve 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total provision for income taxes 

The components of our deferred
tax assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of the following: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

During the year ended December
31, 2023, the valuation reserve increased compared to an increase of during the year ended December 31, 2022. In assessing
the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that our Company will not realize some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of
future deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a result, management
determined, as of December 31, 2023, that it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized. 

As noted above, we have not
filed any federal tax returns, but we plan on bringing our tax filings current as soon as is practical. 

shares of our common stock, which shares were issued on June
1, 2021. We valued the shares at which was the fair market value of our stock on the date of the agreement and recorded a prepaid
expense for that amount. 

The parties agreed that SRAX
would begin providing the services in October 2021, as this would give our Company time to finalize the filing of public financial information
and give SRAX time to review such information in order to most effectively communicate our Company s story to the investing public. 

For the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, the value of the services provided by SRAX were nil and , respectively, which amounts are included as
a general and administrative expense in the accompanying Statement of Operations. 

Also on March 2, 2023, we
entered into a services agreement with Alta Waterford LLC, the owner of Igala. Under the agreement, Alta Waterford will perform investor
awareness services for the one-month term of the agreement. The compensation for these services is 1,000. 

Private Placement Agreement 

On January 5, 2023, we entered
into a Private Placement Subscription Agreement with a non-related third party (the Subscriber under which the Subscriber
agreed to purchase 250,000 units with each unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a warrant to purchase one additional share.
The consideration received was 25,000. The warrants are exercisable immediately at 0.10 per share which was the fair market value of
our common stock on the date of the agreement. 

On April 28, 2023, we entered
into a Private Placement Subscription Agreement with a non-related third party (the Subscriber under which the Subscriber
agreed to purchase 250,000 units with each unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a warrant to purchase one additional share.
The consideration received was 25,000. The warrants are exercisable immediately at Par Value. 

Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 

On March 12, 2023, we amended
our Articles of Incorporation to increase the total number of authorized common shares to five hundred million (500,000,000), 0.00001
par value. 

Cancellation of Shares 

In February 2023, four stockholders
agreed to cancel a total of 2,145,000 shares of our common stock they held. We paid no consideration to the stockholders for the cancellation
of their shares. 

F- 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tribal_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Joe Grimes, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tribal Rides International Corp. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control for financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 2, 2024 
 /s/ Joe Grimes 

Joe Grimes 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tribal_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Don Smith, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tribal Rides International Corp. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control for financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 2, 2024 
 /s/ Don Smith 

Don Smith 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tribal_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification by the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, I, Joe Grimes,
hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tribal Rides International Corp. for the year ended
December 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of. the Tribal Rides International Corp. 

Date: October 2, 2024 
 /s/ Joe Grimes 

Joe Grimes 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tribal_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification by the Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, I, Don Smith,
hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tribal Rides International Corp. for the year ended
December 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of. the Tribal Rides International Corp. 

Date: October 2, 2024 
 /s/ Don Smith 

Don Smith 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 xnda-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 xnda-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 xnda-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 xnda-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

