<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-K_edgar_data_1357971_0001410578-24-002104.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12327994</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233061</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1751940</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4418830</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2015805</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3559832</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-24-002104.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241219161947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-24-002104
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Energy Services of America CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER, SEWER, PIPELINE, COMM AND POWER LINE CONSTRUCTION [1623]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				204606266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32998
		FILM NUMBER:		241563585

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST 3RD AVE.
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(304) 522-3868

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST 3RD AVE.
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			25701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Energy Services Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060330

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-24-002104.txt : 20241219

10-K
 1
 esoa-20240930x10k.htm
 10-K

Energy Services of America CORP_September 30, 2024 
 
 Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________________ to ____________________ Commission File Number: Energy Services of America Corporation (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number including area code) Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered The Stock Market, LLC Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and an emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the closing price on March 31, 2024, was . As of December 18, 2024, there were issued and outstanding 17,911,640 and , respectively, shares of the Registrant s Common Stock. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The registrant incorporates by reference its definitive Proxy Statement with respect to its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of its fiscal year, into (Part III) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Energy Services of America Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024 Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. Business 3 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 8 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 15 ITEM 2. Properties 17 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 17 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 18 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 18 ITEM 6. Reserved 18 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 18 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 34 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34 ITEM 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 34 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 34 ITEM 9B. Other Information 35 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 35 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 36 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 36 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 36 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 36 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 36 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 37 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 38 Signatures. 39 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 Forward Looking Statements Within Energy Services (as defined below) consolidated financial statements and this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are included statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions, or beliefs about future events that are intended as forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as anticipate, estimate, project, forecast, may, will, should, could, expect, believe, intend and other words of similar meaning . These forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve or rely on risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Energy Services control. Energy Services has based its forward-looking statements on management s beliefs and assumptions based on information available to management at the time the statements are made. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed, implied, and forecasted by forward-looking statements and any or all of Energy Services forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. The accuracy of such statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions and by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. All the forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements or that are otherwise included in this report. In addition, Energy Services does not undertake and expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or otherwise. PART I ITEM 1. Business Overview Energy Services of America Corporation Energy Services or the Company ), formed in 2006, is a contractor and service company that operates primarily in the mid-Atlantic and central regions of the United States and provides services to customers in the natural gas, petroleum, water distribution, automotive, chemical, and power industries. For the gas industry, the Company is primarily engaged in the construction, replacement and repair of natural gas pipelines and storage facilities for utility companies and private natural gas companies. Energy Services is involved in the construction of both interstate and intrastate pipelines, with an emphasis on the latter. For the oil industry, the Company provides a variety of services relating to pipeline, storage facilities and plant work. For the power, chemical, and automotive industries, the Company provides a full range of electrical and mechanical installations and repairs including substation and switchyard services, site preparation, equipment setting, pipe fabrication and installation, packaged buildings, transformers, and other ancillary work with regards thereto. Energy Services other pipeline services include corrosion protection services, horizontal drilling services, liquid pipeline construction, pump station construction, production facility construction, water and sewer pipeline installations, various maintenance and repair services and other services related to pipeline construction. The Company has also added the ability to install broadband and solar electric systems and perform civil and general contracting services. The Company had consolidated operating revenues of 351.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, of which 53.2 was attributable to electrical, mechanical, and general contract services, 23.5 to gas and petroleum transmission projects, and 23.3 to gas water distributions services. The Company had consolidated operating revenues of 304.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, of which 48.8 was attributable to electrical, mechanical, and general contract services, 30.3 to gas and petroleum transmission projects, and 20.9 to gas water distributions services. Energy Services customers include many of the leading companies in the industries it serves, including: TransCanada Corporation NiSource, Inc. Marathon Petroleum Mountaineer Gas American Electric Power Toyota Motor Manufacturing Bayer Chemical Dow Chemical 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 Kentucky American Water WV American Water Various state, county, and municipal public service districts. The majority of the Company s customers are in West Virginia, Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Kentucky. However, the Company also performs work in other states including Alabama, Michigan, Illinois, Tennessee, and Indiana. Energy Services sales force consists of industry professionals with significant relevant sales experience, who utilize industry contacts and available public data to determine how to market the Company s line of products most appropriately. The Company relies on direct contact between its sales force and customers engineering and contracting departments to obtain new business. A substantial portion of the Company s workforce are union members of various construction-related trade unions and are subject to separately negotiated collective bargaining agreements that expire at varying time intervals. The Company believes its relationship with its unionized workforce is good. C.J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. C.J. Hughes ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a general contractor primarily engaged in pipeline construction for utility companies. Contractors Rental Corporation Contractors Rental ), a wholly owned subsidiary of C.J. Hughes, provides union building trade employees for projects managed by C.J. Hughes. Nitro Construction Services, Inc. NCS ), a wholly owned subsidiary of C.J. Hughes, provides electrical, mechanical, HVAC/R, and fire protection services to customers primarily in the automotive, chemical, and power industries. Revolt Energy, LLC Revolt ), a wholly owned subsidiary of NCS, performs residential solar installation projects. Nitro Electric Company, LLC Nitro Electric ), a wholly owned subsidiary of NCS, performs industrial electrical work and has a satellite office registered in Michigan. Pinnacle Technical Solutions, Inc. Pinnacle ), a wholly owned subsidiary of NCS, operates as a data storage facility within Nitro s office building. Pinnacle is supported by NCS and has no employees of its own. NCS and its subsidiaries will collectively be referred to Nitro . All C.J. Hughes, Nitro, and Contractors Rental construction personnel are union members of various related construction trade unions and are subject to collective bargaining agreements that expire at varying time intervals. West Virginia Pipeline, Inc. West Virginia Pipeline or WVP ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services, operates as a gas and water distribution contractor primarily in southern West Virginia. The employees of West Virginia Pipeline are non-union and are managed independently of the Company s union subsidiaries. SQP Construction Group, Inc. SQP ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services, operates as a general contractor primarily in West Virginia. SQP engages in the construction and renovation of buildings and other civil construction projects for state and local government agencies and commercial customers. As a general contractor, SQP manages the overall construction project and subcontracts most of the work. The employees of SQP are non-union and are managed independently of the Company s union subsidiaries. Tri-State Paving Sealcoating, Inc. TSP or Tri-State Paving ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services, provides utility paving services to water distribution customers in the Charleston, West Virginia, Lexington, Kentucky, and Chattanooga, Tennessee markets. The employees of TSP are non-union and are managed independently of the Company s union subsidiaries. Ryan Construction Services Inc. Ryan Construction or RCS ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services, provides directional drilling services for broadband service providers along with offering natural gas distribution services, cathodic protection and corrosion prevention services, and civil construction services. Ryan Construction operates primarily in West Virginia and Pennsylvania. The employees of RCS are non-union and are managed independently of the Company s union subsidiaries. The Company s website address is www.energyservicesofamerica.com . Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless otherwise stated. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Company. The Company makes available free of charge through its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These items are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. These materials are also available free of charge by written request to: Charles Crimmel, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary, Energy Services of America Corporation, 75 West 3 rd Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701. Seasonality: Fluctuation of Results Our revenues and results of operations can and usually are subject to seasonal variations. These variations are the result of weather, customer spending patterns, bidding seasons and holidays. The first quarter of the calendar year is typically the slowest in terms of revenues because inclement weather conditions cause delays in production and customers usually do not plan large projects during that time. While usually better than the first quarter, the second calendar year quarter often has some inclement weather which can cause delays in production, reducing the revenues the Company receives and/or increasing the production costs. The third and fourth calendar year quarters usually are less impacted by weather and usually have the largest number of projects underway. Many projects are completed in the fourth calendar year quarter and revenues are often impacted by customers seeking to either spend their capital budget for the year or scale back projects due to capital budget overruns. In addition to the fluctuations discussed above, the pipeline industry can be highly cyclical, reflecting variances in capital expenditures in proportion to energy price fluctuations. As a result, our volume of business may be adversely affected by where our customers are in the cycle and thereby their financial condition as to their capital needs and access to capital to finance those needs. Accordingly, our operating results in any quarter or year may not be indicative of the results that can be expected for any other quarter or any other year. You should read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Understanding Gross Margins below for discussions of trends and challenges that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Paycheck Protection Program Loans Due to the economic uncertainties created by COVID-19 and limited operating funds available, the Company applied for loans under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). On April 15, 2020, the Company and its subsidiaries, C.J. Hughes, Contractors Rental and Nitro, entered into separate PPP notes effective April 7, 2020, with United Bank as the lender Lender in an aggregate principal amount of 13.1 million pursuant to the PPP (collectively, the PPP Loans ). In a special meeting held on April 27, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously voted to return 3.3 million of the PPP Loans after discussing the financing needs of the Company and subsidiaries. That left the Company and subsidiaries with 9.8 million in PPP Loans to fund operations. During fiscal year 2021, the Company received notice that the SBA had granted forgiveness of the 9.8 million of PPP Loans and the SBA repaid the Lender in full. The forgiveness was recorded as other income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. During April 2023, management received notification from the SBA that one of the Company s forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans was under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested additional payroll information. Additionally, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. The Company recognizes that there is a possibility that the SBA could reverse its previous determination on the forgiveness of the PPP Loans. As a result of this uncertainty, the Company restated the previously issued audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021. The Company has recorded a short-term borrowing due to the SBA inquiry for the full 9.8 million, plus accrued interest. During July 2023, management received notification from the SBA that two additional forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans were under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. Borrowers must retain PPP documentation for at least six years after the date the loan is forgiven or paid in full, and the SBA and SBA Inspector General must be granted these files upon request. The SBA could revisit its forgiveness decision and determine that the Company does not qualify in whole or in part for loan forgiveness and demand repayment of the loans. In addition, it is unknown 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 what type of penalties could be assessed against the Company if the SBA disagrees with the Company s certification. Any penalties in addition to the potential repayment of the PPP Loans could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. Backlog/New Business The Company s backlog represents contracts for services that have been entered into, but which have not yet been completed. At September 30, 2024, Energy Services had a backlog of 243.2 million of work to be completed on existing contracts. At September 30, 2023, the Company had a backlog of 229.8 million. Due to the timing of Energy Services construction contracts and the long-term nature of some of our projects, portions of our backlog work may not be completed in the current fiscal year. Most of the Company s projects can be completed in a short period of time, typically two to five months. Larger projects usually take seven to eighteen months to be completed. As a rule, work starts shortly after the signing of the contract. Types of Contracts Energy Services contracts are usually awarded on a competitive and negotiated basis. While some contracts may be lump sum or time and material projects, most of the work is bid based upon unit prices for various portions of the work with a total agreed-upon price based on estimated units. The actual revenues produced from the project will be dependent upon how accurate the customer estimates are as to the units of the various items. Raw Materials and Suppliers The principal raw materials that the Company and its subsidiaries use are metal plate, structural steel, pipe, wire, fittings, and selected engineering equipment such as pumps, valves and compressors. For the most part, the largest portion of these materials are supplied by the customer. Purchases made by the Company are predominately those of a consumable nature, such as small tools, welding rod and environmental supplies . We anticipate being able to obtain materials for current work, as well as any raw materials not supplied by our customers, for the foreseeable future. However, the inability of our customers to obtain raw materials may delay projects from being bid, awarded, started, or completed. Although not a significant impact, the Company has experienced minor delays resulting from the availability of construction equipment and vehicles. Industry Factors Energy Services revenues, cash flows and earnings are substantially dependent upon, and affected by, the level of natural gas exploration development activity and the levels of work on existing pipelines as well as the level of demand for our electrical and mechanical services. Such activity and the resulting level of demand for pipeline construction and related services and electrical and mechanical services are directly influenced by many factors over which the Company has no control. Such factors include the market prices of natural gas and electricity, market expectations about future prices, the volatility of such prices, the cost of producing and delivering natural gas and electricity, government regulations and trade restrictions, local and international political and economic conditions, the development of alternate energy sources, changes in the tax code that affect the energy industry, and the long-term effects of worldwide energy conservation measures. Energy Services cannot predict the future level of demand for its construction services, future conditions in the pipeline or electrical construction industry or future pipeline and electrical construction rates. Competition The pipeline, electrical, and mechanical construction industries are highly competitive and characterized by high capital and maintenance costs. Contracts are usually awarded through a competitive bid process. The Company believes that operators consider factors such as quality of service, type and location of equipment, or the ability to provide ancillary services. However, price and the ability to complete the project in a timely manner are the primary factors in determining which contractor is awarded a job. There are many regional and national competitors that offer services similar to Energy Services. Certain of the Company s competitors have greater financial and human resources than Energy Services, which may enable them to compete more efficiently because of price and technology. The Company s largest competitors are Otis Eastern, Miller Pipeline, Brown Electric, Summit Electric and Apex Pipeline. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Hazards and Insurance Energy Services operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the pipeline, electrical, and mechanical construction businesses, including, for example, operating equipment in mountainous terrain, people working in deep trenches, people working near large construction equipment, and people working near manufacturing equipment and power sources. These hazards could cause personal injury or death, serious damage to or destruction of property and equipment, and substantial damage to the environment, including damage to producing formations and surrounding areas. Energy Services seeks protection against certain of these risks through insurance, including property casualty insurance on its equipment, commercial general liability and commercial contract indemnity, commercial umbrella, and workers compensation insurance. The Company s insurance coverage for property damage to its equipment is based on estimates of the cost of comparable used equipment to replace the insured property. There is a deductible per occurrence on equipment of 2,500 and 500 for damage to miscellaneous tools. The Company also maintains third party liability insurance, pollution and professional liability insurance, and a commercial umbrella policy. Energy Services believes that it is adequately insured for public liability and property damage to others with respect to its operations. However, such insurance may not be enough to protect Energy Services against liability for all consequences related to its operations. Government Regulation and Environmental Matters General. Energy Services operations are affected from time to time in varying degrees by political developments and federal, state, and local laws and regulations. In particular, natural gas production, operations and the profitability of the gas industry are or have been affected by price controls, taxes and other laws relating to the natural gas industry, by changes in such laws and by changes in administrative regulations. Although significant capital expenditures may be required to comply with such laws and regulations, to date, such compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on the earnings or competitive position of Energy Services. In addition, Energy Services operations are vulnerable to risks arising from the numerous laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Energy Services may also be affected by regulations designed to provide benefits to companies engaged in the production of alternative sources of energy, such as solar, wind, and related industries. Environmental Regulation. Energy Services activities are subject to existing federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental quality, pollution control and the preservation of natural resources. Such laws and regulations concern, among other things, the containment, disposal and recycling of waste materials, and reporting of the storage, use or release of certain chemicals or hazardous substances. Numerous federal and state environmental laws regulate drilling activities and impose liability for discharges of waste or spills, including those in coastal areas. The Company has conducted pipeline construction in or near ecologically sensitive areas, such as wetlands and coastal environments, which are subject to additional regulatory requirements. State and federal legislation also provide special protections for animal and marine life that could be affected by the Company s activities. In general, under various applicable environmental programs, the Company may potentially be subject to regulatory enforcement action in the form of injunctions, cease and desist orders and administrative, civil, and criminal penalties for violations of environmental laws. Energy Services may also be subject to liability for natural resource damages and other civil claims arising out of a pollution event. The Company would be responsible for any pollution event that was determined to be caused by its actions. It has insurance that it believes is adequate to cover any such occurrences. Environmental regulations that affect Energy Services customers also have an indirect impact on Energy Services. Increasingly stringent environmental regulation of the natural gas industry has led to higher drilling costs and a more difficult and lengthier well permitting process. The primary environmental statutory and regulatory programs that affect Energy Services operations include the following: Department of Transportation regulations, regulations set forth by agencies such as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and various environmental agencies including the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and local government agencies. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 Health and Safety Matters. Energy Services facilities and operations are also governed by various other laws and regulations, including the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, relating to worker health and workplace safety. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration has issued the Hazard Communication Standard. This standard applies to all private-sector employers, including the natural gas exploration and producing industry. The Hazard Communication Standard requires that employers assess their chemical hazards, obtain and maintain certain written descriptions of these hazards, develop a hazard communication program and train employees to work safely with the chemicals on site. Failure to comply with the requirements of the standard may result in administrative, civil and criminal penalties. Energy Services believes that appropriate precautions are taken to protect employees and others from harmful exposure to materials handled and managed at its facilities and that it operates in substantial compliance with all Occupational Safety and Health Act regulations. It is not anticipated that Energy Services will be required to make material expenditures by reason of such health and safety laws and regulations. Research and Development/Intellectual Property Energy Services has not made any material expenditure for research and development. Energy Services does not own any patents, trademarks, or licenses. Employees and Human Capital Resources Energy Services of America believes the Company s greatest asset is its employees. The Company s emphasis on the health and safety of its employees is an important factor in maintaining its experienced workforce and attracting new talent. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 1,396 employees including 490 full-time non-union employees. The Company s non-union construction, management, and administrative employees are all eligible to participate in the Company paid health, vision, dental, life, prescription, and long-term disability insurance plans. The Company also provides employee-paid supplemental life and accident insurance plans. To encourage employees to keep up with routine medical care and participate in its wellness program, the Company funds a Health Reimbursement Account for participating employees. To help employees cover medical expenses pre-tax, the Company offers employees a Flexible Spending Account. The Company also offers employees a 401(k)-retirement plan with a Company match. The Company s union construction workers are represented by various collective bargaining units, with contracts that expire at various times, that provide health and welfare and retirement plans to their members. The Company s top priority is the safety of our construction employees. The Company s experienced safety department ensures that employees have the Company and customer required safety training before starting a project. Daily and weekly safety meetings at project sites help employees remain aware of potential hazards. Periodic internal and third-party safety audits are performed to help ensure that the Company s and customer s safety procedures are followed. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risk and uncertainties described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or not described below also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business financial condition and results of operations could be impacted, and we may not be able to achieve our expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as forward-looking statements under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be read in conjunction with the section entitled Forward looking statements . Risk Related to our Operations Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. We typically experience lower volumes and lower margins during the winter months due to lower demand for our pipeline services and more difficult operating conditions. Also, other items that can materially affect our quarterly results include: Adverse weather; Variations in the mix of our work in any quarter; Shortage of qualified labor; 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Unfavorable regional, national or global economic and market conditions; A reduction in the demand for our services; Changes in customer spending patterns and need for the services we provide; Unanticipated increases in construction and design costs; Timing and volume of work we perform; Termination of existing agreements; Losses experienced not covered by insurance; Payment risks associated with customer financial condition; Changes in bonding requirements of agreements; Supply chain constraints; Interest rate variations; and Changes in accounting and financial reporting standards. 
 Future acquisitions could disrupt the Company s business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. On December 2, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of the assets of Tribute Contracting Consultants, LLC. In fiscal 2022, the Company completed the acquisitions of Tri-State Paving and Ryan Construction. The Company may continue to expand by making additional acquisitions that could be material to its business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Acquisitions involve many risks, including the following: an acquisition may negatively affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; the Company may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the operations of any company that it acquires, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us; an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which the Company has little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; if the Company incurs debt to fund such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants; and to the extent that the Company issues a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Risk Related to our Business The type of contracts we obtain could adversely affect our profitability. We enter into various types of contracts, including fixed price and variable pricing contracts. On fixed price contracts our profits could be curtailed or eliminated by unanticipated pricing increases associated with the contract. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 A portion of our business depends on our ability to provide surety bonds. We may be unable to compete on certain projects if we are not able to obtain the necessary surety bonds. Current or future market conditions, including losses in the construction industry or as a result of large corporate bankruptcies, as well as changes in our surety providers assessment of our operating and financial risk, could cause our surety providers to decline to issue or renew, or substantially reduce the amount of bonds for our work or could increase our bonding costs. These actions could be taken on short notice. Since a growing number of our customers require such bonding, should our surety providers limit or eliminate our access to bonding, our performance could be negatively impacted if we are unable to replace the bonded business with work that does not require bonding or if we are unable to provide other means of securing the jobs performance such as with letters of credit or cash. Many of our contracts can be cancelled or delayed or may not be renewed upon completion. If our customers cancel or delay many projects, our revenues could be reduced if we are unable to replace these contracts with others. Also, we have contracts that expire and are renewed periodically. If we are unsuccessful in renewing those contracts, that could reduce our revenue as well. Our business requires a skilled labor force and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our ability to maintain our productivity could be impaired. Our productivity depends upon our ability to employ and maintain skilled personnel to meet our requirements. Should some of our key managers leave the Company, it could limit our productivity. Also, many of our labor personnel are trade union members. Should we encounter labor problems associated with our union employees or if we are unable to employ enough available operators, welders, or other skilled labor, our production could be significantly curtailed. Our backlog may not be realized. Our backlog could be reduced due to the cancellation of projects by customers and/or reductions in scope of the projects. Should this occur, our anticipated revenues would be reduced unless we are able to replace those contracts. We extend credit to customers for purchases of our services and therefore have risk that they may not be able to repay us. While we have not had any significant problems with collections of accounts receivables historically, should there be an economic downturn our customers ability to repay us could be compromised, and this may curtail our operations and ability to operate profitably. Our dependence on suppliers, subcontractors and equipment manufacturers could expose us to risk of loss in our operations. On certain projects, we rely on suppliers to obtain the necessary materials and subcontractors to perform portions of our services. We also rely on equipment manufacturers to provide us with the equipment needed to conduct our operations. Any limitation on the availability of materials or equipment or failure to complete work on a timely basis by subcontractors in a quality fashion could lead to added costs and therefore lower profitability for the Company. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 We face cybersecurity risk including breach of confidential personal information, Company or customer intellectual properties, and delays related to data loss. Information technology systems are critical to our business. We use various technology systems to manage our customer relationships, general ledger, and other systems. Our computer systems, data management and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. Our operational risks include the risk of malfeasance by employees or persons outside our company, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, systems failures or interruptions, breaches of our internal control systems, and business continuation and disaster recovery. There have been increasing efforts by third parties to breach data security. Such attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary, and other information, damages to systems, or other material disruptions to network access or business operations. The Company uses industry-leading firewall hardware and runs anti-malware, antivirus, and anti-exploit solutions on all computers as a first line of defense to prevent security breaches. The Company s email software utilizes spam blocking, phishing filtering, and external sender warnings. The Company uses compartmentalized network drive access to mitigate ransomware damage and performs daily encrypted backups to secure offsite locations including a disaster recovery site. Although we take protective measures and believe that we have not experienced any of the data breaches described above, the security of our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber-attacks that could have an impact on information security. Because the techniques used to cause security breaches change frequently, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. Over the last several years, there have been market indicators of a pronounced rise in inflation and the Federal Reserve has raised certain benchmark interest rates to combat inflation. Inflation generally increases the cost of goods and services we will use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our expenses. In addition, we may have to increase both wages to retain our employees and the cost of our services by a greater amount than we have budgeted. Furthermore, our customers will also be affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to use our services and afford to pay our fees. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions and operating process changes. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts on us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. Our efforts to take these risks into account may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. The SBA may review the Company s PPP Loan forgiveness application and if the SBA disagrees with the Company s certification the Company could be subject to penalties and the repayment of the PPP Loans, which could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. Due to the economic uncertainties created by COVID-19 and limited operating funds available, the Company applied for loans under the PPP. On April 15, 2020, the Company and its subsidiaries, C.J. Hughes, Contractors Rental and Nitro, entered into separate PPP notes effective April 7, 2020, with the Lender in an aggregate principal amount of 13.1 million pursuant to the PPP Loans. In a special meeting held on April 27, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously voted to return 3.3 million of the PPP Loans after discussing the financing needs of the Company and subsidiaries. That left the Company and subsidiaries with 9.8 million in PPP Loans to fund operations. During fiscal year 2021, the Company received notice that the SBA had granted forgiveness of the 9.8 million of PPP Loans and the SBA repaid the Lender in full. The forgiveness was recorded as other income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. During April 2023, management received notification from the SBA that one of the Company s forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans was under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested additional payroll information. Additionally, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. The Company recognizes that there is a possibility that the SBA could reverse its previous determination on the forgiveness of the PPP Loans. As a result of this uncertainty, the Company restated the previously audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. During July 2023, management received notification from the SBA that two additional forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans were under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. Borrowers must retain PPP documentation for at least six years after the date the loan is forgiven or paid in full, and the SBA and SBA Inspector General must be granted these files upon request. The SBA could revisit its forgiveness decision and determine that the Company does not qualify in whole or in part for loan forgiveness and demand repayment of the loans. In addition, it is unknown what type of penalties could be assessed against the Company if the SBA disagrees with the Company s certification. Any penalties in addition to the potential repayment of the PPP Loans could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. Risk Related to our Industry An economic downturn in the industries we serve could lead to less demand for our services. In addition to the effects of an economic recession, there could be reductions in the industries that the Company serves. If the demand for natural gas should drop dramatically, or the demand for electrical and mechanical services drops dramatically, these would in turn result in less demand for the Company s services. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Project delays or cancellations may result in additional costs to us, reductions in revenues or the payment of liquidated damages. In certain circumstances, we guarantee project completion by a scheduled acceptance date or are paid only upon achievement of certain acceptance and performance testing levels. Failure to meet any of these requirements could result in additional costs or penalties which could exceed the expected project profits. Our industry is highly competitive. Our industry has been and remains competitive with competitors ranging from small owner operated companies to large public companies. Within that group there may be companies with lower overhead costs that may be able to price their services at lower levels than we can. Accordingly, if that occurs, our business opportunities could be severely limited. In addition, our industry competes for energy demand with suppliers of alternative energy sources such as solar and wind. We may be unsuccessful at generating internal growth. Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by our ability to: Attract new customers; Expand our relationships with existing customers; Hire and maintain qualified employees; Expand geographically; and Adjust quickly to changes in our industry. 
 Risk Related to Financing Credit facilities to fund our operations and growth might not be available. Our business relies heavily on having lines of credit in place to fund the various projects we are working on. Should funding not be available, or on favorable terms, it could severely curtail our operations and the ability to generate profits. Energy Services maintains a banking relationship with two regional banks and has lines of credit and borrowing facilities with these institutions. On August 8, 2024, the Company renewed its 30.0 million line of credit with a maturity date of June 28, 2026. The line of credit is limited to a borrowing base calculation, which was approximately 25.1 million at September 30, 2024. The outstanding balance on the line of credit was 4.5 million at September 30, 2024. The line of credit has a variable interest rate equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate with a floor of 4.5 , which was 8.0 at September 30, 2024. The Company believes this line of credit will provide enough operating capital for future projects. The Company cannot guarantee it will always have access to this line of credit in the future depending on the Company s financial performance. Risk Related to our Financial Performance Revenue and cost estimates on projects may differ from actual results. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. While the Company believes estimates on project performance are materially correct at September 30, 2024, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Risk Related to Law and Regulatory Compliance During the ordinary course of business, we may become subject to lawsuits or indemnity claims, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. From time to time, we may in the ordinary course of business be named as a defendant in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings. These actions may seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, worker s compensation, employment discrimination, breach of contract, property damages, civil penalties, and other losses of injunctive or declaratory relief. Also, we often indemnify our customers for claims related to the services we provide and actions we take under our contracts with them. Because our services in certain instances may be integral to the operation and performance of our customers infrastructure, we may become subject to lawsuits or claims for any failure of the systems we work on. While we carry insurance to protect the Company against such claims, the outcomes of any of the lawsuits, claims or legal proceedings could result in significant costs and diversion of management s attention from the business. Payments of significant amounts, even if reserved, could adversely affect our reputation, liquidity and results of operations. We may incur liabilities or suffer negative financial or reputational harm relating to occupational health and safety matters. Our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace. While we are constantly monitoring our health and safety programs, our industry involves a high degree of operating risk and there can be no assurance given that we will avoid significant liability exposure and/or be precluded from working for various customers due to high incident rates. Changes by the government in laws regulating the industries we serve could reduce our sales volumes. If the government enacts legislation that has a serious impact on the industries we serve, it could lead to the curtailment of capital projects in those industries and therefore lead to lower sales volumes for our Company. Our failure to comply with environmental laws could result in significant liabilities. Our operations are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including those dealing with the handling and disposal of waste products, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and other hazardous materials, as well as fuel storage. We also work around and under bodies of water. We invest significantly in compliance with the appropriate laws and regulations. However, if we should inadvertently cause contamination of waters or soils, liabilities for our Company relating to cleanup and remediation could be substantial and could exceed any insurance coverage we might have and result in a negative impact to the Company s ability to operate. We have operations in multiple states and face risks related to pandemics such as the Coronavirus/COVID 19 global pandemic that could impact our results of operations. Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of a widespread outbreak of a global pandemic such as COVID-19 and other adverse public health developments that could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. These could include disruptions or restrictions on our ability to travel or to complete our projects, as well as temporary closures of our facilities or the facilities of our suppliers or customers. Any disruption of our suppliers or customers would likely impact our operating results. Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock Our common stock is not heavily traded, and the stock price may fluctuate significantly. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ESOA. Certain brokers currently make a market in the common stock, but such transactions are infrequent, and the volume of shares traded is relatively small. Management cannot predict whether these or other brokers will continue to make a market in our common stock. Prices on stock that is not heavily traded, such as our common stock, can be more volatile than heavily traded stock. Factors such as our financial results, the introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors, publicity regarding our industry, and various other factors may have a significant impact on the market price of the shares of the common stock. Management also cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. Accordingly, stockholders may not be able to sell their shares of our common stock at the volumes, prices, or times that they desire. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Our directors beneficially own a significant portion of our common stock and have substantial influence over us. Our directors, as a group, beneficially owned approximately 32.4 of our outstanding shares of common stock as of September 30, 2024. As a result of this level of ownership, our directors have the ability, by taking coordinated action, to exercise significant influence over our affairs and policies. The interests of our directors may not be consistent with your interests as a stockholder. This influence may also have the effect of delaying or preventing changes of control or changes in management or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our Company. Our dividend policy may change without notice and any payment of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of our board of directors. The holders of our common stock will receive cash dividends if and when declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. Although we paid an annual cash dividend in calendar 2024 and have initiated a regular quarterly cash dividend in fiscal 2025, we have no obligation to continue paying dividends. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders will continue to be subject to, and limited by, certain legal restrictions. Further, any lenders making loans to us may impose financial covenants that may be more restrictive with respect to dividend payments than our legal requirements. Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity The Company s Board of Directors recognizes the critical importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures to assess, identify, and manage material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. These risks include, among other things, internal information technology risks; system security risks; data protection; risks to proprietary business information; intellectual property theft; fraud; extortion; harm to employees, partners, or customers; violation of privacy or security laws and other litigation and legal risk; and reputational risks. The Company has implemented a cybersecurity risk management program that generally aligns with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework to manage these material risks, safeguard the Company s information systems, protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company s data, and maintain the trust and confidence of our customers, business partners, and employees. Risk Management and Strategy The Board of Directors is actively involved in oversight of the Company s risk management framework. The Company s cybersecurity risk management practices are strategically integrated into its broader risk management framework to promote a company-wide culture of cybersecurity awareness. This integration ensures cybersecurity considerations are an integral part of decision-making processes across the organization. The Company s risk management team collaborates closely with its internal IT team to evaluate and address cybersecurity risks in alignment with the Company s overall business objectives and operational needs. The Company has implemented controls and 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 procedures to ensure the prompt escalation of cybersecurity concerns so that management, the Audit Committee, and the Board of Directors receive timely and appropriate information. Given the complexity and evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the Company engages external experts, such as cybersecurity assessors, third-party legal consultants, and auditors, to evaluate and test its risk management systems. These engagements include audits, threat assessments, and consultations on security enhancements. Such collaboration ensures the Company leverages specialized knowledge to maintain cybersecurity practices aligned with industry standards. To assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks, the Company: Utilizes advanced technology solutions, such as proactive detection tools, to safeguard its assets and identify threats within its environment. Conducts cyber education and awareness training sessions to equip employees with the necessary knowledge and foster a strong security culture. Analyzes internal and external cybersecurity incidents and threat intelligence to assess relevance to its environment and industry. Performs recovery testing to ensure the resilience of critical systems and support business continuity. Implements stringent oversight of third-party service providers, including conducting security reviews before engagement and ongoing monitoring to ensure compliance with the Company s cybersecurity standards. 
 Governance The Company s Board of Directors believes it understands the significance of risks associated with cybersecurity threats to its operational integrity and stakeholder confidence and believes it has established mechanisms to effectively manage such risks based on the current understanding of the threat environment. As part of the Company s entire Board of Directors operational risk management responsibilities, it has oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats. As discussed below, members of management advise the entire Board of Directors about cybersecurity threat risks, among other cybersecurity related matters, at least annually and management also reports to the Audit Committee with respect to cybersecurity risks with financial statement or financial statement reporting implications. The Audit Committee routinely interacts and reports to the entire Board of Directors on these matters. The Board of Directors is composed of members with diverse expertise including risk management, technology, and finance domain expertise, equipping them to oversee cybersecurity risks effectively. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee receive briefings from the Company s Chief Information Officer CIO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO and President and Chief Executive Officer CEO on a regular basis, with a minimum frequency of once per year. These briefings encompass a broad range of topics, including: Current cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats; Status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies; Incident reports and learnings from any cybersecurity events; and Compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards. 
 In addition to scheduled briefings, ad hoc discussions regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks ensure the Board remains informed and engaged in strategic decision-making related to cybersecurity. The Board conducts an annual review of the Company s cybersecurity posture and risk management strategies to identify areas for improvement and maintain alignment with the Company s overall risk management framework. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s CIO has over 20 years of experience in the field of technology and security and is instrumental in developing and designing, implementing and executing the Company s cybersecurity strategies. The internal IT team is responsible for the day-to-day implementation of the Company s cybersecurity risk management programs, testing compliance with standards, remediating known risks, and leading employee training programs. The team monitors the latest developments in cybersecurity, including potential threats and innovative risk management techniques, to help prevent, detect, and mitigate cybersecurity incidents. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the IT team implements the Company s incident response plan to mitigate immediate impacts, implement remediation strategies, and prevent future incidents. The team also ensures that senior management is regularly informed about material cybersecurity risks and incidents to maintain alignment with organizational priorities. As of the date hereof, the Company has not encountered cybersecurity incidents that the Company believes to have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company taken as a whole, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. ITEM 2. Properties The Company and its subsidiaries own the property where its subsidiaries, C.J. Hughes, Nitro, West Virginia Pipeline, and the Company s headquarters are located. We maintain our executive offices at 75 West 3 rd Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701, which is also the offices of C.J. Hughes and Contractors Rental. Nitro s office is located at 4300 1 st Ave., Nitro, WV 25143. West Virginia Pipeline s office is located at 300 Pipeline Road, Princeton, WV 24739. SQP leases its office space and is located at 281 Smiley Drive, St Albans, WV 25177. TSP leases its office space and is located at 3384 Teays Valley Rd, Hurricane, WV 25526. Ryan Construction leases its office space and is located at 5793 W. Veterans Memorial Highway, Bridgeport, WV 26330. The Company s management believes that its properties are adequate for the business it conducts. Please see Liquidity and Capital Resources for a description of the mortgages and leases on these properties. ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings As previously disclosed, in February 2018, the Company filed a lawsuit against a customer in the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania (the District Court ). The lawsuit was related to a dispute over work performed on a pipeline construction project. On November 21, 2022, the District Court issued a judgment in favor of the Company. On April 17, 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit (the Appeals Court affirmed the decision of the District Court. In May 2024, the Appeals Court denied petitions for a rehearing. This upheld the award granted by the District Court in November 2022. The Company received an approximately 15.6 million payment related to the lawsuit. The Company recognized the payment in its consolidated financial statements for the third fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024. On November 12, 2021, the Company received a withdrawal liability claim from a pension plan to which the Company made pension contributions for union construction employees performing covered work in a particular jurisdiction. The Company has not performed covered work in their jurisdiction since 2011; however, the Company disagrees with the withdrawal claim and believes it is covered by an exemption under federal law. The demand called for thirty-four quarterly installment payments of 41,000 starting December 15, 2021. The Company complied with the demand according to federal pension law; however, the Company firmly believes no withdrawal liability exists. The Company is in negotiations with the pension fund to resolve the matter and all future payments have been suspended as part of the negotiation. The Company has expensed all 164,000 in payments made through September 30, 2022 and does not expect any future liabilities related to this claim. The Company did not make any payments during the twelve months ended September 30, 2023 or 2024. Other than described above, at September 30, 2024, the Company was not involved in any legal proceedings other than in the ordinary course of business. The Company is a party from time to time to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. These actions typically seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, breach of contract and/or property damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. With respect to all such lawsuits, claims, and proceedings, we record reserves when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. At September 30, 2024, the Company does not believe that any of these proceedings, separately or in aggregate, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities On March 23, 2022, the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market operated by The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the symbol ESOA . The Company s common stock had previously been traded under the symbol ESOA on the OTCQB Marketplace. As of September 30, 2024, there were 24 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares of the Company s common stock are held in nominee or street name and accordingly the number of beneficial owners of common stock is not included in the number of record holders. The Company paid an annual cash dividend of 0.06 per share in fiscal 2024 and has initiated a quarterly cash dividend of 0.03 per share for fiscal 2025. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders will continue to be subject to, and limited by, certain legal restrictions. Further, any lenders making loans to us may impose financial covenants that may be more restrictive with respect to dividend payments than our legal requirements. On July 6, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the Program ), pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, purchase shares of its common stock for an aggregate repurchase amount not to exceed 1,000,000 shares, which was approximately 6.0 of its outstanding common stock as of the date of the announcement. The Program does not obligate the Company to purchase any number of shares, and there is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares to be repurchased by the Company. The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. ITEM 6. Reserved ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations You should read the following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of Energy Services in conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere herein. Among other things, those historical consolidated financial statements include more detailed information regarding the basis of presentation for the following information. Understanding Gross Margins Our gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenues. Cost of revenues consists primarily of salaries, wages and some benefits to employees, depreciation, fuel and other equipment costs, equipment rentals, subcontracted services, portions of insurance, facilities expense, materials and parts and supplies. Factors affecting gross margin include: Seasonal . As discussed above, seasonal patterns can have a significant impact on gross margins. Usually, business is slower in the winter months versus the warmer months. Weather . Adverse or favorable weather conditions can impact gross margin in each period. Periods of wet weather, snow or rainfall, as well as severe temperature extremes can severely impact production and therefore negatively impact revenues and margins. Conversely, periods of dry weather with moderate temperatures can positively impact revenues and margins due to the opportunity for increased production and efficiency. Revenue Mix . The mix of revenues between customer types and types of work for various customers will impact gross margins. Some projects will have greater margins while others that are extremely competitive in bidding may have narrower margins. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 Service and Maintenance versus Installation . In general, installation work has a higher gross margin than maintenance work. This is because installation work usually is of a fixed price nature and therefore has higher risks involved. Accordingly, a higher portion of the revenue mix from installation work typically will result in higher margins. Subcontract Work . Work that is subcontracted to other service providers generally has lower gross margins. Increases in subcontract work as a percentage of total revenues in each period may contribute to a decrease in gross margin. Materials versus Labor . Typically, materials supplied on projects have lower margins than labor. Accordingly, projects with a higher material cost in relation to the entire job will have a lower overall margin. Depreciation . Depreciation is included in our cost of revenue. This is a common practice in our industry but can make comparability to other companies difficult. Margin Risk . Failure to properly execute a job including failure to properly manage and supervise a job could decrease the profit margin. Selling and Administrative Expenses Selling and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related benefits to management, administrative salaries and benefits, marketing, communications, office and utility costs, professional fees, bad debt expense, letter of credit fees, general liability insurance and miscellaneous other expenses. Results of Operations for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023. Revenue . A table comparing the components of the Company s revenues for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 is below: 

Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 of total September 30, 2023 of total Change Change Gas Water Distribution 82,426,199 23.3 63,527,457 20.9 18,898,742 29.7 Gas Petroleum Transmission 81,055,176 23.5 92,132,049 30.3 (11,076,873) (12.0) Electrical, Mechanical, General 188,395,486 53.2 148,444,986 48.8 39,950,500 26.9 Total 351,876,861 100.0 304,104,492 100.0 47,772,369 15.7 Revenue increased by 47.8 million, or 15.7 , to 351.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, from 304.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was the result of increased work in the Electrical, Mechanical, and General and Gas Water Distribution business lines, partially offset by a decrease in Gas Petroleum Transmission work. Gas Water Distribution revenues totaled 82.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, an 18.9 million increase from 63.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The revenue increase was primarily related to the Company s continued focus on increasing water project opportunities. Gas Petroleum Transmission revenues totaled 81.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, an 11.0 million decrease from 92.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The revenue decrease was primarily related to a significant natural gas project that was substantially completed during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 that was not fully replaced in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Electrical, Mechanical, General services and construction revenues totaled 188.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 40.0 million increase from 148.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The revenue increase was primarily related to increased mechanical and electrical maintenance services performed and an increase in new construction opportunities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of Revenues . A table comparing the components of the Company s costs of revenues for fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, is below: 

Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 of total September 30, 2023 of total Change Change Gas Water Distribution 63,255,027 21.0 48,891,624 18.3 14,363,403 29.4 Gas Petroleum Transmission 69,451,038 23.0 79,481,106 29.7 (10,030,068) (12.6) Electrical, Mechanical, General 167,617,676 55.5 137,763,517 51.5 29,854,159 21.7 Unallocated Shop Expense 1,598,804 0.5 1,154,910 0.4 443,894 38.4 Total 301,922,545 100.0 267,291,157 100.0 34,631,388 13.0 Total cost of revenues increased by 34.6 million, or 13.0 , to 301.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, from 267.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was the result of increased work in the Electrical, Mechanical, and General and Gas Water Distribution business lines, partially offset by a decrease in Gas Petroleum Transmission work. Gas Water Distribution cost of revenues totaled 63.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 14.4 million increase from 48.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The cost of revenues increase was primarily related to the Company s continued focus on increasing water project opportunities. Gas Petroleum Transmission cost of revenues totaled 69.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 10.0 million decrease from 79.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The cost of revenues decrease was primarily related to a significant natural gas project that was substantially completed during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 that was not fully replaced in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Electrical, Mechanical, General services and construction cost of revenues totaled 167.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 29.8 million increase from 137.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The cost of revenues increase was primarily related to increased mechanical and electrical maintenance services performed and an increase in new construction opportunities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year. Unallocated shop expenses totaled 1.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 444,000 increase from 1.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase in unallocated shop expenses was primarily due to decreased internal equipment charges to projects for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year. Gross Profit . A table comparing the components of the Company s gross profit for fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, is below: 

Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 of revenue September 30, 2023 of revenue Change Change Gas Water Distribution 19,171,172 23.26 14,635,833 23.04 4,535,339 31.0 Gas Petroleum Transmission 11,604,138 14.32 12,650,943 13.73 (1,046,805) (8.3) Electrical, Mechanical, General 20,777,810 11.03 10,681,469 7.20 10,096,341 94.5 Unallocated Shop Expense (1,598,804) (1,154,910) (443,894) 38.4 Total 49,954,316 14.2 36,813,335 12.1 13,140,981 35.7 Total gross profit increased by 13.1 million or 35.7 to 50.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, from 36.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Gas Water Distribution gross profit totaled 19.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 4.5 million increase from 14.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The gross profit increase was primarily related to the Company s continued focus on increasing water project opportunities. Gas Petroleum Transmission gross profit totaled 11.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 1.1 million decrease from 12.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The gross profit decrease was primarily related to less transmission work performed in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 Electrical, Mechanical, General services and construction gross profit totaled 20.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 10.1 million increase from 10.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The gross profit increase was primarily related to a large new construction electrical project that resulted in higher than expected profits and increased profits in general contractor opportunities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year. Gross loss attributed to unallocated shop operations totaled 1.6 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 444,000 increase from 1.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The gross loss increase was primarily due to decreased internal equipment charges to projects for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year. Selling and administrative expenses . Total selling and administrative expenses increased by 6.3 million to 30.1 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, from 23.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily related to increased business opportunities and management hirings needed to secure and manage projects. Income from operations . Income from operations was 19.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, a 6.8 million increase from 13.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to the items described above. Other nonoperating expense. Other nonoperating expense decreased by 266,000 or (92.5 to 22,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, from 288,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the receipt of a settlement from a former third-party administrator of the Company s 401(k) retirement plan. Income from lawsuit judgement. The Company received 15.6 million from a lawsuit judgement against a former customer for work performed in a prior period. Please see Legal Proceedings on page 15 for more information. Gain on sale of equipment. The net gain on the sale of equipment increased by 227,000 or 657.3 to 261,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, from 34,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to the Company sending more obsolete and underused equipment to auction during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased by 218,000 or (9.1 to 2.2 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, from 2.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to lower line of credit borrowings during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Net Income. Income before income taxes was 33.5 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 10.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to the items mentioned above. The income tax expense for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was 8.4 million as compared to 3.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to an increase in taxable income in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year. The effective income tax rate for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was 25.1 , as compared to 28.7 for the prior fiscal year. Effective income tax rates are estimates and may vary from period to period due to changes in the amount of taxable income or loss, non-taxable and non-deductible expenses. Net income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was 25.1 million compared to 7.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to the items mentioned above. Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2024 Compared to September 30, 2023. The Company had total assets of 158.2 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 15.7 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 142.5 million. The aggregate balance of accounts receivable, retainages receivable, allowance for doubtful accounts and other receivables totaled 68.8 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 9.5 million from the combined prior fiscal year-end balance of 59.3 million. The increase was primarily due to the timing of receivables, retainages, and receipts at the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year end. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 12.9 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 3.5 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 16.4 million. The decrease was primarily related to a net 7.9 million investment in property and equipment and a net 14.2 million used in financing activities, partially offset by a net 18.6 million provided by operating activities. Net property, plant and equipment totaled 38.1 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.6 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 36.5 million. Property, plant and equipment acquisitions totaled 10.9 million for the fiscal year 2024 while depreciation expense was 8.5 million, and the net impact of disposals was 797,000. Right-of-use assets acquired from operating leases totaled 2.5 million net of amortization expense at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 795,000 from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 3.3 million. The decrease was primarily related to 1.3 million in right-of-use asset payments and, partially offset by 510,000 in right-of-use asset additions during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Goodwill and acquired intangible assets totaled 7.2 million at September 30, 2024, a 318,000 decrease from the prior fiscal year end balance of 7.5 million and was the result of intangible asset amortization expense of 438,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by 121,000 related to the acquisition of Heritage Painting. Prepaid expenses and other totaled 4.1 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 568,000 from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 3.5 million. The increase was primarily due to the increase of various prepaid insurance accounts at the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year end. Contract assets totaled 24.6 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 8.6 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 16.0 million. This increase was primarily due to the timing of project billings and related costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings at September 30, 2024, as compared to at September 30, 2023. Liabilities totaled 99.6 million at September 30, 2024, decrease of 8.3 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 107.9 million. Contract liabilities totaled 17.0 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 792,000 from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 17.7 million. This decrease was due to increased billings in excess of costs and earnings when computing earned revenue on construction projects at September 30, 2024, as compared to at September 30, 2023. The aggregate balance of current maturities of long-term debt and long-term debt totaled 23.6 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.4 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 25.0 million. The decrease was primarily due to 8.0 million in long-term debt repayments, partially offset by 2.0 million in long-term debt additions and 4.5 million in line of credit borrowings due by June 28, 2026. Net deferred income tax payable totaled 6.5 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 380,000 from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 6.9 million. The decrease was primarily related to the addition of 533,000 in state net operating loss valuation allowances at the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Accounts payable totaled 23.7 million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.7 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 22.0 million. The increase was due to more work in progress at the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year-end. Current and long-term operating lease liabilities totaled 2.5 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 818,000 from the prior fiscal year end balance of 3.4 million. The decrease was primarily related to 1.3 million in operating lease payments, partially offset by 510,000 in additions during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Accrued expenses and other current liabilities totaled 13.9 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 752,000 from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 13.1 million. The increase was primarily due to increased labor and burden expenses incurred towards the end of the fiscal year 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023. Current maturities of lines of credit and short-term borrowings totaled 10.3 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 9.6 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 19.8 million. This decrease was primarily due to 4.2 million in line of credit 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 repayments, the reclass of 4.5 million in line of credit borrowings to long-term debt, and the payment of 950,000 in short-term insurance premium financing, partially offset by 100,000 in accrued interest on PPP loan debt. Income taxes payable totaled 2.2 million at September 30, 2024, as compared to a prior fiscal year-end balance of 0 due to having net operating loss carry forwards at September 30, 2023. Shareholders equity totaled 58.7 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 24.1 million from the prior fiscal year-end balance of 34.6 million. This increase was primarily due to 25.1 million in net income, partially offset by 994,000 in special cash dividend payments. Liquidity and Capital Resources Operating Line of Credit On August 8, 2024, the Company renewed its 30.0 million line of credit with a maturity date of June 28, 2026. The interest rate on the line of credit is the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (the index) with a floor of 4.99 . The line of credit is limited to a borrowing base calculation as summarized below: 

September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Eligible borrowing base 25,089,446 23,942,868 Borrowed on line of credit 4,500,000 8,712,915 Line of credit balance available 20,589,446 15,229,953 Interest rate 8.0 8.5 The Company s 4.5 million line of credit borrowing is recorded as a long-term debt as of September 30, 2024, as compared to an 8.7 million short-term borrowing at September 30, 2023. The modified financial covenants for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, and all subsequent quarters, are below: Minimum tangible net worth of 28.0 million, Minimum traditional debt service coverage of 1.50x on a rolling twelve- month basis, Minimum current ratio of 1.20x, Maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio TNW of 2.75x, Each ratio and covenant shall be determined, tested, and measured as of each calendar quarter beginning June 30, 2023, The Company shall maintain a ratio of Maximum Senior Funded Debt SFD to Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBDITA equal to or less than 3.5:1. SFD shall mean any funded debt or lease of the Company, other than subordinated debt. The covenant shall be tested quarterly, at the end of each fiscal quarter, with EBITDA based on the preceding four quarters. 
 The Company s lender has agreed to omit the effect of the PPP loan restatement from the Company s covenant compliance calculations while a final decision on PPP loan forgiveness remains in question. Thus, the Company was in compliance with all covenants at September 30, 2024. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 Insurance Premiums Financed The Company had previously financed insurance policy premiums on a short-term basis through a financing company prior to beginning to make quarterly installment payments for calendar year 2024. These insurance policies include workers compensation, general liability, automobile, umbrella, and equipment policies. At September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the remaining balance of the insurance premiums was 0 and 950,000, respectively. Paycheck Protection Program Loans Due to the economic uncertainties created by COVID-19 and limited operating funds available, the Company applied for loans under the PPP. On April 15, 2020, the Company and its subsidiaries, C.J. Hughes, Contractors Rental and Nitro, entered into separate PPP notes effective April 7, 2020, with its Lender in an aggregate principal amount of 13.1 million pursuant to the PPP Loans. In a special meeting held on April 27, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously voted to return 3.3 million of the PPP Loans after discussing the financing needs of the Company and subsidiaries. That left the Company and subsidiaries with 9.8 million in PPP Loans to fund operations. During fiscal year 2021, the Company received notice that the SBA had granted forgiveness of the 9.8 million of PPP Loans and the SBA repaid the Lender in full. The forgiveness was recorded as other income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. During April 2023, management received notification from the SBA that one of the Company s forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans was under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested additional payroll information. Additionally, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. The Company recognizes that there is a possibility that the SBA could reverse its previous determination on the forgiveness of the PPP Loans. As a result of this uncertainty, the Company restated the previously issued audited financial statements of the Company for fiscal 2022 and 2021. The Company has recorded a short-term borrowing due to the SBA inquiry for the full 9.8 million, plus accrued interest. During July 2023, management received notification from the SBA that two additional forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans were under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. Borrowers must retain PPP documentation for at least six years after the date the loan is forgiven or paid in full, and the SBA and SBA Inspector General must be granted these files upon request. The SBA could revisit its forgiveness decision and determine that the Company does not qualify in whole or in part for loan forgiveness and demand repayment of the loans. In addition, it is unknown what type of penalties could be assessed against the Company if the SBA disagrees with the Company s certification. Any penalties in addition to the potential repayment of the PPP Loans could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. Long-Term Debt On December 16, 2014, the Company s Nitro subsidiary entered into a 20-year 1.2 million loan agreement with a bank to purchase the office building and property it had previously been leasing. The interest rate on this loan agreement is 4.82 with monthly payments of 7,800. The interest rate on this note is subject to change from time to time based on changes in the U.S. Treasury yield, adjusted to a constant maturity of three years as published by the Federal Reserve weekly. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had made principal payments of 437,000. The loan is collateralized by the building purchased under this agreement. The note is currently held by Peoples Bank, Inc. On November 13, 2015, the Company entered into a 10-year 1.1 million loan agreement with United Bank to purchase the fabrication shop and property Nitro had previously been leasing. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had repaid this loan in full. On December 31, 2020, West Virginia Pipeline Acquisition Company, later renamed West Virginia Pipeline, Inc., entered into a 3.0 million sellers note agreement with David and Daniel Bolton for the remaining purchase price of West Virginia Pipeline, Inc. For the purchase price allocation, the 3.0 million note had a fair value of 2.85 million. As part of the 6.35 million acquisition price, the Company paid 3.5 million in cash in addition to the note. The unsecured five-year term note requires annual payments of at least 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 500,000 with a fixed interest rate of 3.25 on the 3.0 million sellers note, which equates to 5.35 on the carrying value of the note. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had made annual installment payments of 2,000,000. On January 4, 2021, the Company entered into a 3.0 million Non-Revolving Note agreement with United Bank. This five-year agreement gave the Company access to a 3.0 million line of credit for the purchase of equipment. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had repaid this loan in full. On April 2, 2021, the Company entered into a 3.5 million Non-Revolving Note agreement with United Bank. This five-year agreement repaid the outstanding 3.5 million line of credit that was used for the down payment on the West Virginia Pipeline acquisition. This loan has monthly installment payments of 64,853 and has a fixed interest rate of 4.25 . The loan is collateralized by the Company s equipment and receivables. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had made principal payments of 2.4 million. On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a 7.5 million Non-Revolving Note agreement with United Bank. This five-year agreement was used to finance the purchase of Tri-State Paving and has monthly payments of 129,910 with a fixed interest rate of 4.25 . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had made principal payments of 3.1 million. On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a 1.0 million promissory note agreement with Corns Enterprises, a related party, as partial consideration for the purchase of Tri-State Paving. David E. Corns continued his role as President of the Company s Tri-State Paving Subsidiary. This four-year agreement requires 250,000 principal installment payments on or before the end of each twelve (12) full calendar month period beginning April 29, 2022. Interest payments due shall be calculated on the principal balance remaining and shall be at the stated rate of 3.5 per year. The Company has made 750,000 in principal payments on this note as of September 30, 2024. On October 10, 2022, the Company entered into a 3.1 million promissory note agreement with United Bank. This five-year agreement financed the previous cash value of equipment purchased in the Ryan Construction acquisition. This loan has monthly installment payments of 60,000 and has a fixed interest rate of 6.0 . The loan is collateralized by the Company s equipment and receivables. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had made principal payments of 1.1 million. On June 1, 2023, the Company entered into a 9.3 million Non-Revolving Note agreement with United Bank. This five-year agreement gave the Company access to a 9.3 million line of credit Equipment Line of Credit 2023 ), specifically for the purchase of equipment, for a period of six months with a fixed interest rate of 7.25 . After six months, all borrowings against the Equipment Line of Credit 2023 converted to a fifty-four-month term note agreement with a fixed interest rate of 7.25 . The loan is collateralized by the equipment purchased under this agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowed 9.3 million against this line of credit and made 1.5 million in principal payments. On August 8, 2024, the Company renewed its 30.0 million line of credit with a maturity date of June 28, 2026. The interest rate on the line of credit is the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (the index) with a floor of 4.99 . The outstanding balance on the operating line of credit at September 30, 2024 was 4.5 million with an interest rate of 8.0 . On August 8, 2024, the Company entered into a 5.0 million Non-Revolving Note agreement with United Bank. This five-year agreement gave the Company access to a 5.0 million equipment line of credit, specifically for the purchase of equipment, for a period of twelve months with a variable interest rate based on the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (the index) and initially at 8.5 . After twelve months, all borrowings against the equipment line of credit will be converted to a forty-eight month term note agreement with a 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 fixed interest rate equal to the U.S. Treasury Rate plus 2.75 per annum. The loan is collateralized by the equipment purchased under this agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not borrowed against this line of credit. At September 30, 2024, future expected payments due on short-term and long-term debt are as follows: 

2025 16,665,591 2026 10,238,734 2027 4,591,906 2028 1,775,120 2029 62,726 Thereafter 519,506 33,853,583 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 12.9 million in cash and 36.2 million in working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities). Leases The Company leases office space for SQP for 1,500 per month. The lease, which was originally signed on March 25, 2021, is for a period of two years with five one-year renewals available immediately following the end of the base term. The Company has only committed to one-year renewals and is evaluating whether to renew for additional periods. The Company had two lease agreements for construction equipment with a combined amount of 160,000 that were paid in full as of September 30, 2024. The leases had a term of twenty-two months with a stated interest rate of 0 , combined monthly installment payments of 6,645 and were cancellable at any time without penalty. The Company exercised the right to purchase the equipment at the expiration of the leases by applying the two-month deposit paid. The related assets and finance lease obligations associated with these lease agreements had been included in the consolidated balance sheets within property, plant and equipment and long-term debt. The Company has two right-of-use operating leases acquired on April 29, 2022, as part of the Tri-State Paving, LLC transaction. The first operating lease, for the Hurricane, West Virginia facility, had a net present value of 236,000 at inception, and a carrying value of 46,000 at September 30, 2024. The 4.5 interest rate on the operating leases is based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. The second operating lease, for the Chattanooga, Tennessee facility, had a net present value of 144,000 at inception, and expired on August 31, 2024. The lease was renewed for a two-year period with a net present value of 140,000 and had a carrying value of 123,000 at September 30, 2024. The 8.5 interest rate on the operating leases is based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. The Company has a right-of-use operating lease with Enterprise acquired on August 11, 2022, as part of the Ryan Environmental acquisition. This lease agreement was initially for thirty-one vehicles with a net present value of 1.2 million. The Company subsequently netted forty-three additional leased vehicles. The right-of-use operating lease had a carrying value of 2.2 million at September 30, 2024. Each vehicle leased under the master lease program has its own implicit rate. The Company had a right-of-use operating lease with RICA Developers, LLC acquired on August 12, 2022, as part of the Ryan Environmental acquisition. This lease, for the Bridgeport, West Virginia facility, had a net present value of 140,000 at inception and no carrying value at September 30, 2023. The 4.5 interest rate on the operating lease was based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. The Company has signed a one-year renewal agreement effective October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. The lease had a net present value of 125,000 at inception and no carrying value at September 30, 2024. The 8.5 interest rate on the operating lease was based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has only committed to a one-year renewal and is evaluating whether to renew for additional periods. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 The Company has a right-of-use operating lease acquired on March 28, 2023. This lease, for the Winchester, Kentucky facility, had a net present value of 290,000 at inception and a carrying value of 161,000 at September 30, 2024. The 7.5 interest rate on the operating lease is based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. The maturities of the Company s operating lease liabilities are as follows: 

2025 1,110,028 2026 1,004,022 2027 804,467 2028 129,749 3,048,266 Less amounts representing interest (515,339) Present value of operating lease liabilities 2,532,927 Off-Balance Sheet Transactions Due to the nature of our industry, we often enter into certain off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business that result in risks not directly reflected on our balance sheets. Though for the most part not material in nature, some of these are: Rental Agreements The Company rents equipment for use on construction projects with rental agreements being week to week or month to month. Rental expense can vary by the fiscal year due to equipment requirements on construction projects and the availability of Company owned equipment. Rental expense, which is included in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of income, was 16.3 million and 12.1 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Letters of Credit Certain of our customers or vendors may require letters of credit to secure payments that the vendors are making on our behalf or to secure payments to subcontractors, vendors, etc. on various customer projects. At September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any outstanding letters of credit . Performance Bonds Some customers, particularly new ones or governmental agencies require the Company to post bid bonds, performance bonds and payment bonds (collectively, performance bonds). These performance bonds are obtained through insurance carriers and guarantee to the customer that we will perform under the terms of a contract and that we will pay subcontractors and vendors. If the Company fails to perform under a contract or to pay subcontractors and vendors, the customer may demand that the insurer make payments or provide services under the bond. The Company must reimburse the insurer for any expenses or outlays it is required to make. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Currently, the Company has an agreement with a surety company to provide bonding which will suit the Company s immediate needs. The ability to obtain bonding for future contracts is an important factor in the contracting industry with respect to the type and value of contracts that can be bid on. Depending upon the size and conditions of a particular contract, the Company may be required to post letters of credit or other collateral in favor of the insurer. Posting these letters or other collateral will reduce our borrowing capabilities. The Company does not anticipate any claims in the foreseeable future. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 117.6 million in performance bonds outstanding. Concentration of Credit Risk In the ordinary course of business, the Company grants credit under normal payment terms, generally without collateral, to our customers, which include natural gas and oil companies, general contractors, and various commercial and industrial customers located within the United States. Consequently, the Company is subject to potential credit risk related to business and economic factors that would affect these companies. However, the Company generally has certain statutory lien rights with respect to services provided. Under certain circumstances such as foreclosure, the Company may take title to the underlying assets in lieu of cash in settlement of receivables. Please see the tables below for customers that represent 10.0 or more of the Company s revenue or accounts receivable, net of retention as of or for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023: 

Twelve Months Ended Twelve Months Ended Revenue September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 TransCanada Corporation 10.4 13.9 NiSource and subsidiaries 17.5 All other 89.6 68.6 Total 100.0 100.0 

 Less than 10.0 and included in All other if applicable 

Accounts receivable, net of retention at September 30, 2024 at September 30, 2023 NiSource and subsidiaries 11.8 All other 100.0 88.2 Total 100.0 100.0 

 Less than 10.0 and included in All other if applicable Virtually all work performed for major customers was awarded under competitive bid fixed price or unit price arrangements. The loss of a major customer could have a severe impact on the profitability of the Company. However, due to the nature of the Company s operations, the major customers and sources of revenues may change from year to year. Litigation As previously disclosed, in February 2018, the Company filed a lawsuit against a customer in the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania (the District Court ). The lawsuit was related to a dispute over work performed on a pipeline construction project. On November 21, 2022, the District Court issued a judgment in favor of the Company. On April 17, 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit (the Appeals Court affirmed the decision of the District Court. In May 2024, the Appeals Court denied petitions for a rehearing. This upheld the award granted by the District Court in November 2022. The Company received approximately 15.6 million payment related to the lawsuit. The Company recognized the payment in its consolidated financial statements for the third fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024. On November 12, 2021, the Company received a withdrawal liability claim from a pension plan to which the Company made pension contributions for union construction employees performing covered work in a particular jurisdiction. The Company has not performed covered work in their jurisdiction since 2011; however, the Company disagrees with the withdrawal claim and believes it is covered by an exemption under federal law. The demand called for thirty-four quarterly installment payments of 41,000 starting December 15, 2021. The Company complied with the demand according to federal pension law; however, the Company firmly believes no withdrawal liability exists. The Company is in negotiations with the pension fund to resolve the matter and all future payments have been suspended as part of the negotiation. The Company has expensed all 164,000 in payments made through September 30, 2022 and 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 does not expect any future liabilities related to this claim. The Company did not make any payments during the twelve months ended September 30, 2023 or 2024. Other than described above, at September 30, 2024, the Company was not involved in any legal proceedings other than in the ordinary course of business. The Company is a party from time to time to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. These actions typically seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, breach of contract and/or property damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. With respect to all such lawsuits, claims, and proceedings, we record reserves when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. At September 30, 2024, the Company does not believe that any of these proceedings, separately or in aggregate, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Related Party Transactions We intend that all transactions between us and our executive officers, directors, holders of 10 or more of the shares of any class of our common stock and affiliates thereof, will be on terms no less favorable than those terms given to unaffiliated third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent outside directors not having any interest in the transaction. On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a 1.0 million promissory note agreement with Corns Enterprises as partial consideration for the purchase of Tri-State Paving. This four-year agreement requires 250,000 principal installment payments on or before the end of each twelve (12) full calendar month period beginning April 29, 2022. Interest payments due shall be calculated on the principal balance remaining and shall be at the stated rate of 3.5 per year. The Company has made 750,000 in principal payments on this note as of September 30, 2024. Subsequent to the April 29, 2022 acquisition of Tri-State Paving, the Company entered into an operating lease for facilities in Hurricane, West Virginia with Corns Enterprises. This thirty-six-month lease is treated as a right to use asset and has payments of 7,000 per month. The total net present value at inception was 236,000 with a carrying value of 46,000 at September 30, 2024. SQP made an equity investment of 156,000 in 1030 Quarrier Development, LLC Development in August 2022. Development is a variable interest entity VIE that is 75 owned by 1030 Quarrier Ventures, LLC Ventures and 25 owned by SQP. SQP is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE and therefore will not consolidate Development into its consolidated financial statements. Instead, SQP will apply the equity method of accounting for its investment in Development. Development, a 1 owner, and United Bank, a 99 owner, formed 1030 Quarrier Landlord, LLC Landlord ). Landlord decided to pursue the following development project (the Project ): a historical building at 1030 Quarrier Street, Charleston, West Virginia as well as associated land (the Property was purchased to be developed/rehabilitated into a commercial project including apartments and commercial space. Upon the completion of development, the Property will be used to generate rental income. SQP has been awarded the construction contract for the Project. United Bank provided 5.0 million in loans to fund the Project. SQP and Ventures have jointly provided an unconditional guarantee for the 5.0 million of obligations associated with the Project. CJ Hughes entered into an agreement, cancelable at any time, with Construction Specialty Services CSS ), which is owned by Chuck Austin, the President of CJ Hughes. CSS rents equipment, periodically, to and as requested by CJ Hughes. The equipment rental rates are below the rates that the equipment can be rented from any unaffiliated rental company. CJ Hughes is not obliged to rent any equipment and does so only when CJ Hughes does not have equipment available of its own and would otherwise need to rent such equipment as the demand increases throughout the construction season. In the fiscal years 2023 and 2024, the rental amounts for these specific years were 387,000, and 318,000, respectively. Other than mentioned above, there were no new material related party transactions entered into during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Certain Energy Services subsidiaries routinely engage in transactions in the normal course of business with each other, including sharing employee benefit plan coverage, payment for insurance and other expenses on behalf of other affiliates, and other services incidental to business of each of the affiliates. All revenue and related expense transactions, as well as the related accounts payable and accounts receivable have been eliminated in consolidation. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Inflation Most significant project materials, such as pipe or electrical wire, are provided by the Company s customers. When possible, the Company attempts to lock in pricing with vendors and include qualifications regarding material cost increases in bids. Where allowed by contract, the Company will address fuel cost increases with customers. Significant inflation or supply chain issues could cause customers to delay or cancel planned projects; however, inflation did not have a significant effect on our results for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. Critical Accounting Estimates The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities known to exist at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. Management believes the following accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Revenues The Company recognizes revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and control of the promised good and service is transferred to the customer. For Lump Sum and Unit Price contracts, revenue is ordinarily recognized over time as control is transferred to the customers by measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation(s) using an input (i.e., cost to cost method. For Cost Plus and Time and Material T M contracts, revenue is ordinarily recognized over time as control is transferred to the customers by measuring the progress toward satisfaction of the performance obligation(s) using an output method. The Company also does certain T M service work that is generally completed in a short duration and is recognized at a point in time. The accuracy of our revenue and profit recognition in a given period depends on the accuracy of our estimates of the cost to complete each project. We believe our experience allows us to create materially reliable estimates. There are a number of factors that can contribute to changes in estimates of contract cost and profitability. The most significant of these include: the completeness and accuracy of the original bid; costs associated with scope changes; changes in costs of labor and/or materials; extended overhead and other costs due to owner, weather and other delays; subcontractor performance issues; changes in productivity expectations; site conditions that differ from those assumed in the original bid; changes from original design on design-build projects; the availability and skill level of workers in the geographic location of the project; a change in the availability and proximity of equipment and materials; our ability to fully and promptly recover on affirmative claims and back charges for additional contract costs; and the customer s ability to properly administer the contract. 
 The foregoing factors, as well as the stage of completion of contracts in process and the mix of contracts at different margins may cause fluctuations in gross profit from period to period. Significant changes in cost estimates, particularly in our larger, more complex projects could have a significant effect on our profitability. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our contract assets include cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings that represent amounts earned and reimbursable under contracts, including claim recovery estimates, but have a conditional right for billing and payment such as achievement of milestones or completion of the project. With the exception of customer affirmative claims, generally, such unbilled amounts will become billable according to the contract terms and generally will be billed and collected over the next three months. Settlement with the customer of outstanding affirmative claims is dependent on the claims resolution process and could extend beyond one year. Based on our historical experience, we generally consider the collection risk related to billable amounts to be low. When events or conditions indicate that it is probable that the amounts outstanding become unbillable, the transaction price and associated contract asset is reduced. Our contract liabilities consist of provisions for losses and billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings. Provisions for losses are recognized in the consolidated statements of income at the uncompleted performance obligation level for the amount of total estimated losses in the period that evidence indicates that the estimated total cost of a performance obligation exceeds its estimated total revenue. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings are billings to customers on contracts in advance of work performed, including advance payments negotiated as a contract condition. Generally, unearned project-related costs will be earned over the next twelve months. The following table presents our costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings and billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings at September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Costs incurred on contracts in progress 347,180,901 287,347,650 Estimated earnings, net of estimated losses 59,349,378 38,976,895 406,530,279 326,324,545 Less billings to date 398,885,475 328,112,326 7,644,804 (1,787,781) Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billed on uncompleted contracts 24,595,792 15,955,220 Less billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 16,950,988 17,743,001 7,644,804 (1,787,781) Allowance for doubtful accounts The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts when collection of an account is considered doubtful. Inherent in the assessment of the allowance for doubtful accounts are certain judgments and estimates relating to, among others, our customers access to capital, our customers willingness or ability to pay, general economic conditions and the ongoing relationship with the customers. While most of our customers are large well capitalized companies, should they experience material changes in their revenues and cash flows or incur other difficulties and not be able to pay the amounts owed, this could cause reduced cash flows and losses in excess of our current reserves. Materially incorrect estimates of bad debt reserves could result in an unexpected loss in profitability for the Company. Additionally, frequently changing reserves could be an indication of risky or unreliable customers. At September 30, 2024, management review deemed that the allowance for doubtful accounts was adequate. Please see the allowance for doubtful accounts table below: 

September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Balance at beginning of period 51,063 70,310 Charged to expense 687,463 Deductions for uncollectible receivables written off, net of recoveries (19,247) Balance at end of period 738,526 51,063 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets The Company follows the guidance of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350-20-35-3 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) which requires a company to record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount of goodwill over its fair value. Under the current guidance, companies can first choose to assess any impairment based on qualitative factors (Step 0). If a company fails this test or decides to bypass this step, it must proceed with a quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment. The Company did not have a goodwill impairment at September 30, 2024. Materially incorrect estimates could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets and result in a loss in profitability for the Company. A table of the Company s intangible assets subject to amortization is below: 

Accumulated Accumulated Amortization and Amortization and Remaining Life Amortization and Amortization and Impairment Impairment Net Book Net Book (in months) at Impairment at Impairment at Twelve Months Ended Twelve Months Ended Value at Value at September 30, Original September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, Intangible assets: 2024 Cost 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 West Virginia Pipeline: Customer relationships 75 2,209,724 828,630 607,661 220,969 220,968 1,381,094 1,602,063 Tradename 75 263,584 98,863 72,500 26,363 26,364 164,721 191,084 Non-competes 83,203 83,203 83,203 10,397 Revolt Energy: Employment agreement/non-compete 100,000 100,000 100,000 22,221 Heritage Painting Customer relationships 57 121,100 6,054 6,054 115,046 Tri-State Paving: Customer relationships 91 1,649,159 398,547 233,631 164,916 166,850 1,250,612 1,415,528 Tradename 91 203,213 49,110 28,789 20,321 20,421 154,103 174,424 Non-competes 39,960 39,960 39,960 23,370 Total intangible assets 4,669,943 1,604,367 1,165,744 438,623 490,591 3,065,576 3,383,099 Depreciation and Amortization The purpose of depreciation and amortization is to represent an accurate value of assets on the books. Every year, as assets are used, their values are reduced on the balance sheet and expensed on the income statement. As depreciation and amortization are a noncash expense, the amount must be estimated. Each year a certain amount of depreciation and amortization is written off and the book value of the asset is reduced. Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Costs which extend the useful lives or increase the productivity of the assets are capitalized, while normal repairs and maintenance that do not extend the useful life or increase productivity of the asset are expensed as incurred. Property and equipment are depreciated principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets: buildings 39 years; operating equipment and vehicles 5-7 years; and office equipment, furniture and fixtures 5-7 years. Acquired intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefit of the respective intangible assets is realized, over their respective estimated useful lives. The definite-lived identifiable intangible assets recognized as part of the Company s business combinations are initially recorded at their estimated fair value. The Company s depreciation expense for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 8.5 million and 7.3 million, respectively. In general, depreciation is included in cost of revenues on the Company s consolidated statements of income. The Company s amortization expense for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 438,623 and 490,591, respectively. In general, amortization is included in cost of revenues on the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Materially incorrect estimates of depreciation and amortization and/or the useful lives of assets could significantly impact the value of long-lived assets on the Company s consolidated financial statements. A material overvaluation could result in impairment charges and reduced profitability for the Company. Income Taxes The Company s income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in the determination of the consolidated income tax expense. The Company s provision for income taxes is computed by applying a federal rate of 21.0 and a blended state rate of approximately 5 to 6.0 to taxable income or loss after consideration of non-taxable and non-deductible items. The income tax expense for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was 8.4 million as compared to 3.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to an increase in taxable income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was 25.1 , as compared to an effective income tax rate of 28.7 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Effective income tax rates are estimates and may vary from period to period due to changes in the amount of taxable income or loss, non-taxable and non-deductible expenses. Accounting for PPP Loans The Company s accounting for PPP loans reflects management s best estimate of current and future amounts to be paid. The Company applies significant judgment regarding the determination of PPP loan forgiveness based on the rules established, and subsequently clarified by the SBA, including rules related to the Company s affiliations and meeting SBA size standards. Refer to Note 3 Accounting for PPP Loans in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. New Accounting Pronouncements On October 28, 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB released Accounting Standards Update ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers . The amendments of this ASU require entities to apply Topic 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination. The amendments improve comparability after the business combination by providing consistent recognition and measurement guidance for revenue contracts with customers acquired in a business combination and revenue contracts with customers not acquired in a business combination. The amendments are effective for public business entities for the fiscal years, including interim periods within those the fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. For all other entities they are effective for the fiscal years, including interim periods within those the fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. Entities should apply the amendments prospectively to business combinations that occur after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted, including in any interim period, for public business entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued, and for all other entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been made available for issuance. The Company is currently assessing the effect that ASU 2021-08 will have on its results of operations, financial position and cash flows; however, the Company does not expect a significant impact. Subsequent Events On October 31, 2024, the Company announced it had entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Tribute Contracting Consultants, LLC Tribute ), an underground utility contractor that primarily specializes in water and wastewater system installations in Ohio, Kentucky, and West Virginia. On December 2, 2024, the Company closed on the acquisition. Under the terms of the agreement, Energy Services new subsidiary, Tribute Acquisition Company, purchased substantially all of the assets of Tribute for 22.0 million in cash, less any assumed debt and working capital adjustments, and 2.0 million of Energy Services common stock. The 22.0 million in cash was funded through a 16.0 million loan with United Bank, West Virginia, with the remainder paid in cash by the Company. On November 20, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.03 per common share. The dividend will be paid on January 2, 2025 to holders of record as of December 13, 2024. While this is expected to be a quarterly cash dividend, factors such as income from operations, cash flows, and overall financial outlook may affect future dividend payments. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Management has evaluated all subsequent events for accounting and disclosure. There have been no other material events during the period, other than noted above, that would either impact the results reflected in the report or the Company s results going forward. ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Not required for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Financial Statements are included at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that Energy Services files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.

34 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management has not identified any material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm Urish Popeck Co., LLC, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. Such report is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report and incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 9B. Other Information During the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024, of our directors or officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as that term is used in SEC regulations. ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not Applicable. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics was previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1. A copy of the Code will be furnished without charge upon written request to the Corporate Secretary, Energy Services of America Corporation, 75 West 3 rd Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701. The information contained under the sections captioned Proposal I Election of Directors in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of September 30, 2024 (the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 11. Executive Compensation The information contained under the section captioned Proposal I Election of Directors Executive and Director Compensation in the definitive Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (a) Securities Authorized for issuance under Stock-Based Compensation Plans
 
 The following table presents certain information regarding our Equity Compensation Plan in effect as of September 30, 2024: 

Number of securities to be Number of securities issued upon exercise of Weighted average remaining available for Plan outstanding options and rights exercise price issuance under plan Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 1,435,439 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 1,435,439 (b) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners in the Proxy Statement. (c) Security Ownership of Management 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Proposal I Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement. (d) Changes in Control
 The management of the Company knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant. ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections captioned Proposal I Election of Directors Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Board Independence of the Proxy Statement. ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Proposal II Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of the Proxy Statement. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The exhibits and financial statement schedules filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are as follows: 

(a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements Energy Services of America Corporation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-4 Consolidated Balance Sheets, September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 . F-5 Consolidated Statements of Income, Years Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 . F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 . F-7 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, Years Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 . F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . F-9 (a)(2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules No financial statement schedules are filed because the required information is not applicable or is included in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. (a)(3) Exhibits 

37 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 30, 2024 (9) 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 3.2 Bylaws (1) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Registrant s Certificate of Incorporation (1) 3.4 Certificate of Designations Series A Preferred Stock (4) 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock (1) 4.2 Description of Common Stock (5) 10.1 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (1) 10.2 Form of Stock Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Initial Stockholders (1) 10.3 Form of Letter Agreement between Chapman Printing Co. and the Registrant regarding administrative support (1) 10.4 Form of Amended Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the Initial Stockholders (1) 10.5 Energy Services of America Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2) 10.6 Energy Services of America Corporation 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (7) 14 Code of Ethics (1) 16.1 Letter disclosing combination dated November 1, 2021, from Baker Tilly US, LLP (6) 16.2 Letter of Agreement dated November 1, 2021, from Baker Tilly US, LLP (6) 16.3 Letter of Baker Tilly US, LLP dated February 20, 2024 (8) 19 Insider Trading Policy 21 List of subsidiaries 23.1 Consent of Urish Popeck Co., LLC 23.2 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 97 Policy Related to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Energy Services of America Corp. (file no. 333-133111), originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2006, as amended. (2) Filed as Appendix A to the Schedule 14-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2008. (3) Filed as Appendix A to the Schedule 14-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2010. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2013. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2019. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2021. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20, 2024. (9) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2024. (b) The exhibits listed under (a)(3) above are filed herewith. (c) Not applicable. ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION Date: December 19, 2024 By: /s/ Douglas V. Reynolds Douglas V. Reynolds President and Chief Executive Officer (Duly Authorized Representative) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date By /s/ Marshall T. Reynolds Chairman of the Board December 19, 2024 Marshall T. Reynolds By /s/ Jack Reynolds Director December 19, 2024 Jack R. Reynolds By /s/ Charles P. Crimmel Chief Financial Officer December 19, 2024 Charles P. Crimmel (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) By /s/ Amy E. Abraham Director Amy E. Abraham December 19, 2024 By /s/ Joseph L. Williams Director December 19, 2024 Joseph L. Williams By /s/ Mark S. Prince Director December 19, 2024 Mark S. Prince By /s/ Frank S. Lucente Director December 19, 2024 Frank S. Lucente By /s/ Patrick J. Farrell Director December 19, 2024 Patrick J. Farrell By /s/ Douglas V. Reynolds President and Chief December 19, 2024 Douglas V. Reynolds Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors Energy Services of America Corporation Huntington, West Virginia Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Energy Services of America Corporation (the Company as of September 30, 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated December 19, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Revenue Recognition Critical Audit Matter Description The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for customer agreements, and include the pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation. 

 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 The related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining revenue recognition for customer agreements required a high degree of auditor judgment. How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: Evaluated the Company s estimated revenue and costs to complete by obtaining and analyzing supporting documentation of management s estimates of variable consideration and contract costs. Compared contract profitability estimates in the current year to historical estimates and actual performance. Tested samples of completed and in-process contracts and contract transactions by inspecting the underlying customer contracts, contract billing data, and contract cost source documentation, and evaluated the Company s recognition of contract assets, liabilities, revenue, and costs of revenue in accordance with the Company s revenue recognition policy. 
 /s/ Urish Popeck Co., LLC We have served as the Company's auditor since 2024. Pittsburgh, PA December 19, 2024 

 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors Energy Services of America Corporation Huntington, West Virginia Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Energy Services of America Corporation s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria . We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes and our report dated December 19, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ December 19, 2024 

 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Energy Services of America Corporation Huntington, West Virginia Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Energy Services of America Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows, for the year ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of their internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We served as the Company s auditor from 2008 to 2024. January 16, 2024 

 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of September 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable-trade Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Retainages receivable Other receivables Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, at cost less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total fixed assets Right-of-use assets-operating leases Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Current maturities of lines of credit and short-term borrowings Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Contract liabilities Income tax payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities Long-term operating lease liabilities, less current maturities Deferred tax liability Total liabilities Shareholders equity Common stock, par value Authorized shares, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 Treasury stock, shares at September 30, 2024 and at 2023 ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Selling and administrative expenses Income from operations Other income (expense) Interest income Proceeds from lawsuit judgement Other nonoperating expense ) ) Interest expense ) ) Gain on sale of equipment ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Weighted average shares outstanding-basic Weighted average shares-diluted Earnings per share available to common shareholders Earnings per share-diluted available to common shareholders The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Accreted interest on PPP loans Gain on sale of equipment ) ) Provision for deferred taxes ) Provision for bad debts Vested restricted stock award compensation Amortization of intangible assets Accreted interest on note payable Increase in accounts receivable-trade ) ) Increase in retainage receivable ) ) Increase in other receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in contract assets ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other ) Increase in accounts payable Increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities (Decrease) increase in contract liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in property and equipment ) ) Acquisition of Heritage Painting ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Borrowings on lines of credit and short term debt, net of (repayments) ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) Cash dividend on common stock ) ) Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property equipment under financing agreements Prepaid insurance premiums financed Line of credit moved to long-term note for equipment purchases Additions to operating lease right-of-use assets obtained from operating leases Supplemental disclosures of cash flows information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Total Common Stock Additional Paid Retained Treasury Shareholders Shares Amount in Capital Deficit Stock Equity Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Dividends on common stock per share on shares) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Vested restricted stock award Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Treasury stock purchased by company ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Total Common Stock Additional Paid Retained Treasury Shareholders Shares Amount in Capital Deficit Stock Equity Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Dividends on common stock per share on shares) ) ) Treasury stock purchased by company ) ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Treasury stock purchased by company ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, of which was attributable to electrical, mechanical, and general contract services, to gas and petroleum transmission projects, and to gas water distributions services. The Company had consolidated operating revenues of million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, of which was attributable to electrical, mechanical, and general contract services, to gas and petroleum transmission projects, and to gas water distributions services . 

 F-9 

Table of Contents 

F-10 

Table of Contents 
 million at September 30, 2024 was million. The fair value of the aggregate principal amount of the Company s fixed-rate debt of million at September 30, 2023 was million. All other current assets and liabilities are carried at a net realizable value which approximates fair value because of their short duration to maturity. to days after invoices have been issued. The Company attempts to negotiate two-week billing terms and 15-day payment terms on larger projects. The timing of billings to customers may generate contract assets or contract liabilities. Certain construction contracts include retention provisions to provide assurance to our customers that we will perform in accordance with the contract terms and are therefore not considered a financing benefit. The balances billed but not paid by customers pursuant to these provisions generally become due upon completion and acceptance of the project work or products by the customer. We have determined there are no significant financing components in our contracts as of and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Retainage billed but not paid pursuant to contract provisions will be due upon completion of the contracts. Based on the Company s experience, management considers all amounts classified as retainage receivable to be collectible. A majority of retainage receivable amounts are expected to be collected within the next fiscal year. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts when collection of an account or note receivable is considered doubtful, and receivables are written off against the allowance when deemed uncollectible. Inherent in the assessment of the allowance for doubtful accounts are certain judgments and estimates including, among others, the customer s access to capital, the customer s willingness or ability to pay, general economic conditions and the ongoing relationship with the customer. ; operating equipment and vehicles - ; and office equipment, furniture and fixtures - . 

 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is in Prepaid expenses and other on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Should the captive experience severe losses over an extended period, it could increase the Company s insurance expense or surety deposit required. and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 million pursuant to the PPP Loans. In a special meeting held on April 27, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously voted to return million of the PPP Loans after discussing the financing needs of the Company and subsidiaries. That left the Company and subsidiaries with million in PPP Loans to fund operations. During fiscal year 2021, the Company received notice that the SBA had granted forgiveness of the million of PPP Loans and the SBA repaid the Lender in full. The forgiveness was recorded as other income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. During April 2023, management received notification from the SBA that one of the Company s forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans was under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested additional payroll information. Additionally, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. The Company recognizes that there is a possibility that the SBA could reverse its previous determination on the forgiveness of the PPP Loans. As a result of this uncertainty, the Company restated the previously issued financial statements of the Company that were included in the Reports. The Company has recorded a short-term borrowing due to the SBA inquiry for the full million, plus accrued interest for all periods presented. During July 2023, management received notification from the SBA that two additional forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans were under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. 

 F-13 

Table of Contents 

F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Unit price contracts Cost plus and T M contracts Total revenue from contracts Earned over time Earned at point in time Total revenue from contracts 

Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2023 Electrical, Gas Water Gas Petroleum Mechanical, Total revenue Distribution Transmission General from contracts Lump sum contracts Unit price contracts Cost plus and T M contracts Total revenue from contracts Earned over time Earned at point in time Total revenue from contracts to after invoices have been issued. The Company attempts to negotiate two-week billing terms and 15-day payment terms on larger projects. The timing of billings to customers may generate contract assets or contract liabilities. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized revenue of million that was included in the contract liability balance at September 30, 2023. 

 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 Contract assets Cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings Contract liabilities Billings in excess of cost and estimated earnings ) significant amount of revenue recognized as a result of changes in contract transaction price related to performance obligations that were satisfied prior to September 30, 2023. For the year ended September 30, 2023, there was significant amount of revenue recognized as a result of changes in contract transaction price related to performance obligations that were satisfied prior to September 30, 2022. At September 30, 2024, the Company had million in remaining unsatisfied performance obligations, in which revenue is expected to be recognized in less than twelve months. Charged to expense Deductions for uncollectible receivables written off, net of recoveries ) Balance at end of period 

 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 Estimated earnings, net of estimated losses Less billings to date ) Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billed on uncompleted contracts Less billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts ) The Company s unaudited backlog at September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, was million and million, respectively. t have a provision for loss at the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Buildings and leasehold improvements Operating equipment and vehicles Office equipment, furniture and fixtures Assets not yet in service Less accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net 

 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 million line of credit with a maturity date of June 28, 2026. The interest rate on the line of credit is the (the index) with a floor of . The line of credit is limited to a borrowing base calculation as summarized below: Borrowed on line of credit Line of credit balance available Interest rate The Company s million line of credit borrowing is recorded as a long-term debt as of September 30, 2024, as compared an million short-term borrowing at September 30, 2023. The modified financial covenants for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, and all subsequent quarters, are below: Minimum tangible net worth of million, Minimum traditional debt service coverage of on a rolling twelve- month basis, Minimum current ratio of , Maximum debt to tangible net worth ratio TNW of , Each ratio and covenant shall be determined, tested, and measured as of each calendar quarter beginning June 30, 2023, The Company shall maintain a ratio of Maximum Senior Funded Debt SFD to Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBDITA equal to or less than :1. SFD shall mean any funded debt or lease of the Company, other than subordinated debt. The covenant shall be tested quarterly, at the end of each fiscal quarter, with EBITDA based on the preceding four quarters. 
 The Company s lender has agreed to omit the effect of the PPP loan restatement from the Company s covenant compliance calculations while a final decision on PPP loan forgiveness remains in question. Thus, the Company was in compliance with all covenants at September 30, 2024. Insurance Premiums Financed The Company had previously financed insurance policy premiums on a short-term basis through a financing company prior to beginning to make quarterly installment payments for calendar year 2024. These insurance policies include workers compensation, general liability, automobile, umbrella, and equipment policies. At September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the remaining balance of the insurance premiums was and , respectively. Paycheck Protection Program Loans Due to the economic uncertainties created by COVID-19 and limited operating funds available, the Company applied for loans under the PPP. On April 15, 2020, the Company and its subsidiaries, C.J. Hughes, Contractors Rental and Nitro, entered into separate PPP notes effective April 7, 2020, with its Lender in an aggregate principal amount of million pursuant to the PPP Loans. In a special meeting held on April 27, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously voted to return million of the PPP Loans after discussing the financing needs of the Company and subsidiaries. That left the Company and subsidiaries with million in PPP Loans to fund operations. During fiscal year 2021, the Company received notice that the SBA had granted forgiveness of the million of PPP Loans and the SBA repaid the Lender in full. The forgiveness was recorded as other income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. During April 2023, management received notification from the SBA that one of the Company s forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans was under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested additional payroll information. Additionally, the SBA 

 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 million, plus accrued interest. During July 2023, management received notification from the SBA that two additional forgiveness applications related to the PPP Loans were under review. As part of the review, the SBA requested information regarding the ability of the Company s affiliates to meet SBA size standards and/or PPP corporate maximum limits. The requested information was subsequently provided to the SBA through the Lender. Borrowers must retain PPP documentation for at least six years after the date the loan is forgiven or paid in full, and the SBA and SBA Inspector General must be granted these files upon request. The SBA could revisit its forgiveness decision and determine that the Company does not qualify in whole or in part for loan forgiveness and demand repayment of the loans. In addition, it is unknown what type of penalties could be assessed against the Company if the SBA disagrees with the Company s certification. Any penalties in addition to the potential repayment of the PPP Loans could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. 

 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 , final payment due by June 28, 2025, guaranteed by certain directors of the Company. Equipment line of credit with a total of million and million of million available borrowed at June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, fixed interest at of outstanding balance due in monthly installments between June 1, 2023 and December 1, 2023. Payments of due in monthly installments, including fixed interest at , beginning January 2024 with final payment due February 2028, secured by equipment, guaranteed by certain directors of the Company. Paycheck Protection Program loans from Small Business Administration, simple interest, initially forgiven in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. Final forgiveness decision has not been determined. Term note payable to United Bank, WV Pipeline acquisition, due in monthly installments of interest at , final payment due by March 25, 2026, secured by receivables and equipment, guaranteed by certain directors of the Company. Notes payable to finance companies, due in monthly installments totaling at September 30, 2024 and at September 30, 2023, including interest ranging from to , final payments due October 2024 through August 2026, secured by equipment. Note payable to finance company for insurance premiums financed, due in monthly installments totaling in calendar year 2023 and in calendar year 2022, including interest rate at , final payment due December 2023. Notes payable to bank, due in monthly installments totaling , including interest at , final payment due November 2034 secured by building and property. Notes payable to bank, due in monthly installments totaling , including interest at , final payment due November 2025 secured by building and property, guaranteed by certain directors of the Company. Notes payable to bank, due in monthly installments totaling , including fixed interest at , final payment due October 2027 secured by receivables and equipment, guaranteed by certain directors of the Company. Notes payable to David Bolton and Daniel Bolton, due in annual installments totaling , including interest at , final payment due December 31, 2026, unsecured. Notes payable to bank, interest at of outstanding balance due in monthly installments between January 2021 and January 2022 with note payments beginning February 2022. Payments due in monthly installments totaling , including interest at , final payment due January 2026, secured by equipment, guaranteed by certain directors of the Company. Term note payable to United Bank, Tri-State Paving acquisition, due in monthly installments of , including interest at , final payment due by June 1, 2027, secured by receivables and equipment, guaranteed by certain directors of the Company. Notes payable to Corns Enterprises, with fair value of , due in annual installments totaling , including interest at , final payment due April 29, 2026, unsecured. Total debt Less current maturities Total long-term debt At September 30, 2024, future expected payments due on short-term and long-term debt are as follows: 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 

 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred ) Total State Current Deferred ) Total Total income tax expense (benefit) The Company s income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in the determination of the consolidated income tax expense. The Company s provision for income taxes is computed by applying a federal rate of and a blended state rate of approximately to to taxable income or loss after consideration of non-taxable and non-deductible items. The income tax expense for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was million as compared to million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to an increase in taxable income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was , as compared to an effective income tax rate of for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Effective income tax rates are estimates and may vary from period to period due to changes in the amount of taxable income or loss, non-taxable and non-deductible expenses. State income taxes Meals and other ) Effective tax rate Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company had and million of federal net operating loss carryforwards at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had million and million of state net operating loss carryforwards at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2025. 

 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred income tax assets Accruals Other Net operating loss carryforward-States Net operating loss valuation allowance-States ) Total deferred tax assets Total net deferred tax liabilities The Company does not believe that it has any unrecognized tax benefits included in its consolidated financial statements that require recognition. The Company has not had any settlements in the current period with taxing authorities, nor has it recognized tax benefits as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits, if applicable, in general and administrative expenses. Weighted average shares outstanding-basic Weighted average shares outstanding-diluted Earnings per share available to common shareholders Earnings per share available to common shareholders-diluted The diluted weighted average shares outstanding calculation included a dilutive effect for unvested restricted stock awards. 

 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 shares, which is approximately of its outstanding common stock. The Program, which started on August 16, 2022 and has no expiration date, does not obligate the Company to purchase any number of shares, and there is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares to be repurchased by the Company. The repurchases of Energy Services of America Corporation s shares of its common stock during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: Total shares. A description of the material terms of the Equity Incentive Plan is contained in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2022. The amount recognized for compensation expense for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately . A table of restricted stock grants awarded during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 are below: FY 2026 FY 2027 of the shares of any class of our common stock and affiliates thereof, will be on terms no less favorable than those terms given to unaffiliated third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent outside directors not having any interest in the transaction. On April 29, 2022, the Company entered into a million promissory note agreement with Corns Enterprises as partial consideration for the purchase of Tri-State Paving. This agreement requires principal installment payments on or before the end of each twelve (12) full calendar month period beginning April 29, 2022. Interest payments due shall be calculated on 

 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 per year. The Company has made in principal payments on this note as of September 30, 2024. Subsequent to the April 29, 2022 acquisition of Tri-State Paving, the Company entered into an operating lease for facilities in Hurricane, West Virginia with Corns Enterprises. This thirty-six-month lease is treated as a right-of-use asset and has payments of per month. The total net present value at inception was with a carrying value of at September 30, 2024. SQP made an equity investment of in 1030 Quarrier Development, LLC Development in August 2022. Development is a variable interest entity VIE that is owned by 1030 Quarrier Ventures, LLC Ventures and owned by SQP. SQP is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE and therefore will not consolidate Development into its consolidated financial statements. Instead, SQP will apply the equity method of accounting for its investment in Development. Development, a owner, and United Bank, a owner, formed 1030 Quarrier Landlord, LLC Landlord ). Landlord decided to pursue the following development project (the Project ): a historical building at 1030 Quarrier Street, Charleston, West Virginia as well as associated land (the Property was purchased to be developed/rehabilitated into a commercial project including apartments and commercial space. Upon the completion of development, the Property will be used to generate rental income. SQP has been awarded the construction contract for the Project. United Bank provided million in loans to fund the Project. SQP and Ventures have jointly provided an unconditional guarantee for the million of obligations associated with the Project. CJ Hughes entered into an agreement, cancelable at any time, with Construction Specialty Services CSS ), which is owned by Chuck Austin, the President of CJ Hughes. CSS rents equipment, periodically, to and as requested by CJ Hughes. The equipment rental rates are below the rates that the equipment can be rented from any unaffiliated rental company. CJ Hughes is not obliged to rent any equipment and does so only when CJ Hughes does not have equipment available of its own and would otherwise need to rent such equipment as the demand increases throughout the construction season. In the fiscal years 2023 and 2024, the rental amounts for these specific years were , and , respectively. Other than mentioned above, there were no new material related party transactions entered into during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Certain Energy Services subsidiaries routinely engage in transactions in the normal course of business with each other, including sharing employee benefit plan coverage, payment for insurance and other expenses on behalf of other affiliates, and other services incidental to business of each of the affiliates. All revenue and related expense transactions, as well as the related accounts payable and accounts receivable have been eliminated in consolidation. per month. The lease, which was originally signed on March 25, 2021, is for a period of with renewals available immediately following the end of the base term. The Company has only committed to a renewal and is evaluating whether to renew for additional periods. The Company had lease agreements for construction equipment with a combined amount of that were paid in full as of September 30, 2024. The leases had a term of with a stated interest rate of , combined monthly installment payments of and were at any time without penalty. The Company exercised the right to purchase the equipment at the expiration of the leases by applying the two-month deposit paid. The related assets and finance lease obligations associated with these lease agreements had been included in the consolidated balance sheets within property, plant and equipment and long-term debt. The Company has right-of-use operating leases acquired on April 29, 2022, as part of the Tri-State Paving, LLC transaction. The first operating lease, for the Hurricane, West Virginia facility, had a net present value of at inception, and a carrying value of at September 30, 2024. The interest rate on the operating leases is based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. The second operating lease, for the Chattanooga, Tennessee facility, had a net present value of at inception, and expired on August 31, 2024. The lease was renewed for a period with a net present value of and had a carrying value of at September 30, 2024. The interest rate on the operating leases is based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. 

 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 vehicles with a net present value of million. The Company subsequently netted additional leased vehicles with a net present value of million. The right-of-use operating lease has a carrying value of million at September 30, 2024. Each vehicle leased under the master lease program has its own implicit rate. The Company had a right-of-use operating lease with RICA Developers, LLC acquired on August 12, 2022, as part of the Ryan Environmental acquisition. This lease, for the Bridgeport, West Virginia facility, had a net present value of at inception and carrying value at September 30, 2023. The interest rate on the operating lease was based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. The Company has signed a renewal agreement effective October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. The lease had a net present value of at inception and carrying value at September 30, 2024. The interest rate on the operating lease was based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has only committed to a renewal and is evaluating whether to renew for additional periods. The Company has a right-of-use operating lease acquired on March 28, 2023. This lease, for the Winchester, Kentucky facility, had a net present value of at inception and a carrying value of at September 30, 2024. The interest rate on the operating lease is based on the Company s incremental borrowing rate at inception. Schedules related to the Company s operating leases at fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 can be found below: 3/31/2025 2025 Operating lease 2 8/31/2026 2026 Operating lease 3 9/30/2028 2028 Operating lease 4 9/30/2024 2024 Operating lease 5 3/31/2026 2026 Weighted average remaining term years 2026 2027 2028 Less amounts representing interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 

 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 Operating lease 2 Operating lease 3 Operating lease 4 Operating lease 5 Total amortization Interest Operating lease 1 Operating lease 2 Operating lease 3 Operating lease 4 Operating lease 5 Total interest Total amortization and interest 

Twelve Months Ended Twelve Months Ended September 30, September 30, Cash Paid for Operating Leases 2024 2023 Operating lease 1 Operating lease 2 Operating lease 3 Operating lease 4 Operating lease 5 The Company rents equipment for use on construction projects with rental agreements being week to week or month to month. Rental expense can vary by fiscal year due to equipment requirements on construction projects and the availability of Company owned equipment. Rental expense, which is included in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of income, was million and million for the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. or more of the Company s revenue or accounts receivable, net of retention as of or for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023: NiSource and subsidiaries All other Total 

 Less than and included in All other if applicable 

Accounts receivable, net of retention at September 30, 2024 at September 30, 2023 NiSource and subsidiaries All other Total 

F-26 

Table of Contents 
 and included in All other if applicable Virtually all work performed for major customers was awarded under competitive bid fixed price or unit price arrangements. The loss of a major customer could have a severe impact on the profitability of the operations of the Company. However, due to the nature of the Company s operations, the major customers and sources of revenues may change from year to year. of eligible wages, provided the compensation deferred for a plan year does not exceed the indexed dollar amount set by the Internal Revenue Service which was for 2024 and for 2023. C. J. Hughes matches on each dollar contributed up to of eligible wages. C. J. Hughes contributed and to the union plan for the fiscal years September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, each plan year, C. J. Hughes may make a discretionary profit-sharing contribution for participants who are actively employed on the last day of the plan year. No discretionary profit-sharing contribution was made for the 2024 or 2023 plan year. Effective January 1, 2010, Energy Services became the successor plan sponsor of the C. J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. 401(k) Plan for non-union employees (the Plan ). The Plan was renamed the Energy Services of America Staff 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan. Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan upon completion of six months of service but must wait until a quarterly entry to join the Plan. In addition, participants who are age 50 or older by the end of the Plan year may elect to defer up to an additional 7,500 into the Plan for 2024. Energy Services may make annual discretionary matching contributions and/or profit-sharing contributions to the Plan. The matching contribution formula for the Plan was of each dollar contributed for the first 3 of eligible wages and of each dollar contributed for the next 3 of eligible wages. The Company s matching contribution is used by the Plan s third-party administrator to purchase Energy Services of America common stock from the open market. No restrictions on the match exist after it has been contributed. No profit-sharing contribution was made for the 2024 or 2023 plan year. Energy Services and its wholly owned subsidiaries contributed and , respectively, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 to the Plan. The Company contributes to a number of multi-employers defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover its union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: Assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If participating employers stop contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multi-employer plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 

F-27 

Table of Contents 
 no Laborers National Pension Fund no Laborers' District Council of Western Pennsylvania Pension Plan no Operating Engineers Local 324 Pension Fund no National Automatic Sprinkler Industry Pension Fund no Carpenters Pension Fund of WV no Plumbers Pipefitters National Pension Fund no Sheet Metal Workers' National Pension Fund no Plumbers and Steamfitters Local 577 Pension Fund no Sheet Metal Workers Local Pension Fund no All Other no (1) The most recent PPA zone status available in 2024 and 2023 is the plan s year-end during 2023 and 2022, respectively. The zone status is based on information that we received from the plan and is certified by the plan s actuary. Among other factors, plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 percent funded, plans in the orange zone are less than 80 percent funded and have an Accumulated Funding Deficiency in the current year or projected into the next six years, plans in the yellow zone are less than 80 percent funded, and plans in the green zone are at least 80 percent funded. (2) Indicates whether the plan has a financial improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP which is either pending or has been implemented. 
 The Company currently does not have any intention of withdrawing from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which it participates. On November 12, 2021, the Company received a withdrawal liability claim from a pension plan to which the Company made pension contributions for union construction employees performing covered work in a particular jurisdiction. The Company has not performed covered work in their jurisdiction since 2011; however, the Company disagrees with the withdrawal claim and believes it is covered by an exemption under federal law. The demand called for thirty-four quarterly installment payments of starting December 15, 2021. The Company must comply with the demand under federal pension law; however, the Company firmly believes no withdrawal liability exists. The Company is in negotiations with the pension fund to resolve the matter and all future payments have been suspended as part of the negotiation. The Company has expensed all in payments made through September 30, 2023, and does not expect any future liabilities related to this claim. The Company made payments during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024. million of uninsured deposits. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customer s financial condition and generally does not require collateral. Consequently, the Company is subject to potential credit risk related to business and economic factors that would affect these 

 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 million in performance bonds outstanding. In the fiscal year 2020, the Company received million in PPP Loans. The Company believes it meets the SBA s certification requirement based on its limited access to capital, weakened business operations during the pandemic and small market value. The Company s shares of common stock did not trade on a national exchange at that time. However, no assurance can be given as to the outcome if the SBA re-evaluates the Company s loan certification. The SBA could determine that the Company does not qualify in whole or in part for loan forgiveness. In addition, it is unknown what type of penalties could be assessed against the Company if the SBA disagrees with the Company s certification. The Company could be required to repay its PPP Loans. Any penalties in addition to the potential repayment of the PPP Loans could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. cash. The operations of Heritage has been absorbed into Nitro s operations and is insignificant to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Heritage Painting acquisition purchase price is allocated in the table below: Customer relationships Total ASC 805-10-50-2 requires public companies that present comparative financial statements to present pro forma financial statements as though the business combination that occurred during the current fiscal year had occurred as of the beginning of the comparable prior annual reporting period. As allowed under ASC 805-10-50-2, the Company finds this information impracticable to 

 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Acquired Ending balance A table of the Company s intangible assets subject to amortization at September 30, 2024, is below: Tradename Non-competes Revolt Energy: Employment agreement/non-compete Heritage Painting Customer relationships Tri-State Paving: Customer relationships Tradename Non-competes Total intangible assets Amortization expense associated with the identifiable intangible assets is expected to be as follows: October 2025 to September 2026 October 2026 to September 2027 October 2027 to September 2028 October 2028 to September 2029 After Total 

 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 million in cash, less any assumed debt and working capital adjustments, and million of Energy Services common stock. On , the Company s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of per common share. The dividend will be paid on to holders of record as of . While this is expected to be a quarterly cash dividend, factors such as income from operations, cash flows, and overall financial outlook may affect future dividend payments. Management has evaluated all subsequent events for accounting and disclosure. There have been no other material events during the period, other than noted above, that would either impact the results reflected in the report or the Company s results going forward. 

 F-31 

<EX-19>
 2
 esoa-20240930xex19.htm
 EX-19

Exhibit 19 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION INSIDER TRADING POLICY PURPOSE OF THE POLICY United States securities laws prohibit illegal insider trading and impose restrictions on trading in securities while in possession of material undisclosed information. The rules and procedures outlined in this Policy have been implemented in order to prevent improper trading in securities of Energy Services of America Corporation Energy Services or the Company and the improper communication of material undisclosed information regarding the Company. In addition, this Policy is aimed at preventing directors, officers and employees from engaging in securities trading that, although not illegal, exposes them and/or the Company to potential reputational risk. All directors, officers and employees are required to comply with the securities laws in respect of insider trading and the insider trading rules set out in Energy Services Code of Ethics and this Policy. It is essential that the directors, officers and employees of Energy Services act, and are perceived to act, in accordance with applicable laws and the highest standards of ethical and business conduct. This Policy is not intended to replace your individual responsibility to understand and comply with the legal prohibitions against insider trading. PART 1 GENERAL TRADING POLICY A. INTRODUCTION One of the principal purposes of securities laws is to prohibit illegal insider trading. Illegal insider trading occurs when a person uses material non-public information to make decisions to purchase, sell or otherwise trade a company s securities or provides that information to others outside the necessary course of business. The prohibitions against illegal insider trading apply to trades and tips by virtually any person, including all Energy Services directors, officers and employees, if the information involved is material and non-public . These terms are defined later in this Policy. If a trade in securities becomes the subject of scrutiny, it will be viewed after the fact with the benefit of hindsight. Before engaging in any trade, you should carefully consider how the trade may be construed with the benefit of hindsight. If you have questions about this Policy or the best course of action in a particular situation, you should seek guidance from the Corporate Secretary. B. APPLICABILITY This Policy applies to all transactions, including gifts, in the Company s securities, including common shares, options and any other securities that the Company may issue such as preferred stock, notes, bonds and convertible securities, as well as to derivative securities relating to any of the Company s securities, whether or not issued by the Company. This Policy also applies to securities in companies with which Energy Services does business, or may do business with, when you are in possession of material non-public information regarding such company. 

 This Policy is divided into two parts. Part 1 of this Policy applies to all directors, officers and employees of Energy Services regardless of their position, level or function. Part 2 of this Policy sets out special rules for directors, officers and certain designated employees due to the nature of their roles and responsibilities. If you have any question regarding your designation or which rules apply to you, you should seek guidance from the Corporate Secretary. C. PROHIBITION ON INSIDER TRADING AND TIPPING If a director, officer or employee of the Company has material non-public information relating to the Company, neither that person nor any Related Person (as defined below) may buy or sell Energy Services securities or engage in any other action to take advantage of that information. Passing on such information to a third party (known as tipping ), other than in the necessary course of business, is also prohibited. Tipping arises when you disclose material non-public information about Energy Services or another publicly-traded entity to another person and that person either (a) trades in a security related to the information that you provided or (b) provides the information to a third person who then makes a trade in a related security. Tipping is a violation of law, even if you do not personally make a trade or otherwise benefit from disclosing the information. For the purposes of this Policy, a Related Person means an individual s spouse, minor children and anyone else living in his or her household, and any legal entities that he or she controls. Information relating to Energy Services of America is material if: (a) such information results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of Energy Services shares; or (b) there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making an investment decision; or (c) it would significantly alter the total mix of information available to investors. Although not intended to be a comprehensive list, the following are examples of information that could be material, depending on scale and magnitude: quarterly or annual earnings or operational results or projections; mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures; management changes or changes in control of Energy Services of America; approval of dividend payments; public or private sales of Energy Services of America securities; deterioration/improvement in Energy Services of America s credit status with rating agencies; new developments, including regulatory matters, relating to projects; changes in auditors and agreements/disagreements with auditors; pending or threatened litigation; labor disputes or disputes with major contractors or suppliers; and stock splits or changes in capital or corporate structure. 

 Information is non-public until it has been publicly disclosed and adequate time has passed for the securities markets to digest the information. Material information about Energy Services should be considered to be non-public unless there is a certainty that it has been publicly disseminated. If you are not sure whether information is material or non-public, you should consult with the Corporate Secretary for guidance before engaging in a transaction. PART 2 SPECIAL RULES FOR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND DESIGNATED EMPLOYEES A. PROCEDURES FOR TRADING IN ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA SECURITIES 1. Blackout Periods All directors and officers of Energy Services and all employees who receive notice from the Corporate Secretary that they are designated blacked-out employees Designated Blacked-out Employees in respect of a given blackout period shall be subject to blackout periods surrounding the release of Energy Services financial results. The Corporate Secretary shall determine the Designated Blacked-out Employees in respect of each blackout period. No trades shall be carried out by directors, officers, or Designated Blacked-out Employees during the period between ten (10) calendar days prior to the end of a fiscal quarter, or fiscal year end, and one full day after the financial results for a fiscal quarter or fiscal year end have been disclosed by the Company by way of press release or other public filing. Trading blackout periods will also apply to all other employees with access to material undisclosed information, such as during periods when financial statements are being prepared but results have not yet been publicly disclosed. Notice of such blackout may or may not be communicated by issuance of a formal notice. Blackout periods may also be prescribed from time to time as a result of special circumstances relating to Energy Services. All directors, officers, and employees with knowledge of such special circumstances will be covered by the blackout. Notice of any such blackout may or may not be communicated by issuance of a formal notice. In some circumstances, such blackout will be communicated on a case-by-case basis. 

 2. Insider Reporting Requirements All directors and executives of Energy Services are considered reporting insiders under applicable securities laws and are required to file insider reports with the Securities Exchange Commission. The Corporate Secretary maintains a list of all individuals who are considered reporting insiders. A reporting insider is required to file an insider trading report within ten (10) calendar days after becoming a reporting insider, disclosing such person s beneficial ownership of or control or direction over Energy Services securities and share-based awards under Energy Services compensation plans. Each such reporting insider is also required to file an insider trading report with securities regulators any time such beneficial ownership of or control or direction changes within two (2) business days of the date on which the change occurs. The Corporate Secretary is available to assist reporting insiders in completing and filing the required insider trading reports. Insiders are reminded that they remain personally responsible for the timely disclosure of their trading activities and that the assistance offered by the Corporate Secretary department in no way reduces the obligations imposed on them by applicable insider trading laws. B. SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES 1. Pre-Clearance for Rule 10b5-1 Plans Directors and executive officers may not implement a trading plan under SEC Rule 10b5-1 at any time without prior clearance by the Corporate Secretary. Directors and executive officers may only enter into a trading plan when they are not in possession of material nonpublic information. In addition, directors and executive officers may not enter into a trading plan during a quarterly blackout period, a temporary blackout period or a pension fund blackout period. Once a trading plan is pre-cleared, trades made pursuant to the plan will not require additional pre-clearance, but only if the plan specifies the dates, prices and amounts of the contemplated trades or establishes a formula for determining dates, prices and amounts. Additionally, transactions under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan (other than for the Company) may only begin after a cooling-off period. For directors and executive officers, this cooling-off period is the later of (i) 90 days after the adoption or modification of the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or (ii) two business days following the filing of a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as applicable, of the Company s financial results for the fiscal quarter in which the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan was adopted or modified (but in no case can disclosure exceed 120 days following plan adoption or modification). For persons who are not directors or executive officers, this cooling-off period is 30 days after adoption or modification of the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Transactions made under a trading plan then must be promptly reported to the Corporate Secretary who will prepare the necessary Form 4. 2. Company Stock Repurchases Designated Blacked-out Employees are discouraged from purchasing or selling Company shares within four business days before or after an announcement of a share repurchase plan, or an announcement of any increase in a share repurchase plan. The Company is prohibited from repurchasing its stock while in possession of material nonpublic information unless pursuant to a SEC Rule 10b5-1 trading plan as set forth above. 

 3. Stock Options The Company should not generally make option awards to Named Executive Officers (as defined in SEC Regulation S-K) in the four business days before the filing of a periodic report on Forms 10-Q and 10-K as applicable or the filing or furnishing of a Current Report on Form 8-K that discloses material non-public information (including earnings information but excluding a Form 8-K that discloses only the grant of a material new option award) and ending one business day after such triggering event. A director, officer or employee may exercise a stock option at any time, but any stock acquired upon such exercise may not be sold (whether by means of a cashless exercise or otherwise) if the employee has material inside information regarding the Company. At any time, however, an employee may deliver Company stock already owned to pay the option exercise price and taxes (including for restricted stock). 4. Other situations Directors, officers and employees, and their Related Persons may not trade in options, warrants, puts and calls or similar instruments on Company securities or sell Company securities short. In addition, directors, officers and employees, and their Related Persons may not margin or pledge Company securities. 

 BOARD OF DIRECTOR APPROVAL This Policy was presented to and approved by Energy Services of America s Board of Directors on October 18, 2023 for immediate implementation. 

/s/ Charles Crimmel October 18, 2023 Charles Crimmel, Secretary Date 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 3
 esoa-20240930xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of Energy Services of American Corporation Name State of Incorporation West Virginia Pipeline, Inc. West Virginia (direct) SQP Construction Group, Inc. West Virginia (direct) Tri-State Paving Sealcoating, Inc. West Virginia (direct) Ryan Construction Services, Inc. West Virginia (direct) Tribute Acquisition Company, Inc. Ohio (direct) C.J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. West Virginia (direct) Contractors Rental Company, Inc. (1) West Virginia (indirect) Nitro Construction Service, Inc. (1) West Virginia (indirect) Nitro Electric Company, LLC (2) Michigan (indirect) Revolt Energy, LLC (2) West Virginia (indirect) Pinnacle Technical Solutions, Inc. (2) West Virginia (indirect) 
 
 (1) Subsidiary of C.J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc. (2) Subsidiary of Nitro Construction Services, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 esoa-20240930xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (Nos. 333-264065 and 333-212234 on Form S-8, and No. 333-280025 on Form S-3) of Energy Services of America Corporation of our reports dated December 19, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. /s/ Urish Popeck Co., LLC Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania December 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 esoa-20240930xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (Nos. 333-264065 and 333-212234 on Form S-8, and No. 333-280025 on Form S-3) of Energy Services of America Corporation of our report dated January 16, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023, which appear in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania December 19, 2024 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 esoa-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Douglas V. Reynolds, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Energy Services of America Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; Date: December 19, 2024 /s/ Douglas V. Reynolds Douglas V. Reynolds President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 esoa-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Charles P. Crimmel, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Energy Services of America Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; Date: December 19, 2024 /s/ Charles P. Crimmel Charles P. Crimmel Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 esoa-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Douglas V. Reynolds, President and Chief Executive Officer and Charles P. Crimmel, Chief Financial Officer of Energy Services of America Corporation (the Company each certify in their capacity as officers of the Company that they have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, and that to the best of their knowledge: 1. the report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: December 19, 2024 /s/ Douglas V. Reynolds Douglas V. Reynolds Chief Executive Officer Date: December 19, 2024 /s/Charles P. Crimmel Charles P. Crimmel Chief Financial Officer 
 The purpose of this statement is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Energy Services of America Corporation and will be retained by Energy Services of America Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97>
 9
 esoa-20240930xex97.htm
 EX-97

Exhibit 97 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION CLAWBACK POLICY The Board of Directors (the Board of Energy Services of America Corporation (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to adopt this Clawback Policy (this Policy ), which provides for the recovery of certain incentive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement. The Company has adopted this Policy as a supplement to any other clawback policies or provisions in effect now or in the future at the Company. To the extent this Policy applies to compensation payable to a person covered by this Policy, it shall supersede any other conflicting provision or policy maintained by the Company and shall be the only clawback policy applicable to such compensation and no other clawback policy shall apply; provided that, if such other policy or provision provides that a greater amount of such compensation shall be subject to clawback, such other policy or provision shall apply to the amount in excess of the amount subject to clawback under this Policy. This Policy shall be interpreted to comply with the clawback rules found in 17 C.F.R. 240.10D and the related listing rules of the national securities exchange or national securities association (the Exchange on which the Company has listed securities, and, to the extent this Policy is any manner deemed inconsistent with such rules, this Policy shall be treated as retroactively amended to be compliant with such rules. 1. Definitions . The terms Executive Officer, Incentive-Based Compensation, and Received shall have the same meaning as defined in regulation 17 C.F.R. 240.10D-1(d). 2. Application of the Policy. This Policy shall only apply in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to its material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the Federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 3. Recovery Period . The Incentive-Based Compensation subject to clawback is the Incentive-Based Compensation Received during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement as described in Section 2; provided that the individual served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period applicable to the Incentive-Based Compensation in question. The date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement shall be determined pursuant to 17 C.F.R. 240.10D-1(b)(1)(ii). (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Policy shall only apply if the Incentive-Based Compensation is Received (1) while the Company has a class of securities listed on an Exchange and (2) on or after October 2, 2023. (b) See 17 C.F.R. 240.10D-1(b)(1)(i)(D) for certain circumstances under which this Policy will apply to Incentive-Based Compensation received during a transition period arising due to a change in the Company s fiscal year. 

 4. Erroneously Awarded Compensation. The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to the Policy Erroneously Awarded Compensation is the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation Received that exceeds the amount of Incentive Based-Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts in the Company s financial statements and shall be computed without regard to any taxes paid. (a) For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement: (1) the amount shall be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received; and (2) the Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Exchange. 5. Recovery Exceptions . The Company shall recover reasonably promptly any Erroneously Awarded Compensation except to the extent that the conditions of paragraphs (a), (b), or (c) below apply. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee shall determine the repayment schedule for each amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in a manner that complies with this reasonably promptly requirement. Such determination shall be consistent with any applicable legal guidance, by the Securities and Exchange Commission, judicial opinion, or otherwise. The determination of reasonably promptly may vary from case to case and the Committee is authorized to adopt additional rules to further describe what repayment schedules satisfy this requirement. (a) Erroneously Awarded Compensation need not be recovered if the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered and the Committee has made a determination that recovery would be impracticable. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the Exchange, as required. (b) If applicable, Erroneously Awarded Compensation need not be recovered if recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company shall obtain an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the Exchange, that recovery would result in such a violation and shall provide such opinion to the Exchange. (c) Erroneously Awarded Compensation need not be recovered if recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 6. Committee Decisions. Decisions of the Committee with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Executive Officers subject to this Policy, unless determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be an abuse of discretion. 

 7. No Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other policy of the Company or any agreement between the Company and an Executive Officer, no Executive Officer shall be indemnified by the Company against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 8. Agreement to Policy by Executive Officers . The Committee shall take reasonable steps to inform Executive Officers of this Policy and the Executive Officers shall acknowledge receipt and adherence to this Policy in writing. 9. Exhibit Filing Requirement . A copy of this Policy and any amendments thereto shall be filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K. 10. Amendment . The Board may amend, modify or supplement all or any portion of this Policy at any time and from time to time in its discretion. 

 [TO BE SIGNED BY EACH OF THE COMPANY S EXECUTIVE OFFICERS] Clawback Policy Acknowledgment I, the undersigned, agree and acknowledge that I am fully bound by, and subject to, all of the terms and conditions of Energy Services of America Corporation s Clawback Policy (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Policy and that I have been provided a copy of the Policy. In the event of any inconsistency between the Policy and the terms of any employment or similar agreement to which I am a party, or the terms of any compensation plan, program or agreement under which any compensation has been granted, awarded, earned or paid, the terms of the Policy shall govern. If the Committee determines that any amounts granted, awarded, earned or paid to me must be forfeited or reimbursed to the Company, I will promptly take any action necessary to effectuate such forfeiture and/or reimbursement. Name Date: Title 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 esoa-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 esoa-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 esoa-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 esoa-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 esoa-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

