<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241127_10-K_edgar_data_924396_0001493152-24-047996.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6376511</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223437</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1046535</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2212360</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1181415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1539558</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-047996.hdr.sgml : 20241127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127160532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-047996
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OpenLocker Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000924396
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				043021770
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24520
		FILM NUMBER:		241511012

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 820
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-351-9195

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 820
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Descrypto Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	W Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Winning Edge International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061030

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-047996.txt : 20241127

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

As
of January 31, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the shares of common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed
by reference to the closing sales price for a share of common stock on January 31, 2024 as reported by OTC Markets Group, Inc. 0.2079),
was approximately . 

As
of November 27, 2024, there were shares of common stock, par value per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 23 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 26 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 35 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 35 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 39 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 42 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 43 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 44 

Signatures 
 45 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating
to: 

our
 future financial performance; 

changes
 in the market for our products and services; 

our
 expansion plans and opportunities; and 

other
 statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words estimate, plan, project, 
 forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, 
 target or similar expressions. 

These
forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date hereof and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions,
and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing
our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. 

As
a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: 

the
 level of demand for our products and services; 

competition
 in our markets; 

our
 ability to grow and manage growth profitably; 

our
 ability to access additional capital; 

changes
 in applicable laws or regulations; 

our
 ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

the
 possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties indicated herein, including those under Risk Factors. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 

Established
on August 25, 2021, OpenLocker Inc. (the Company or OpenLocker is dedicated to offering marketing solutions
for collegiate and professional sports organizations and athletes to deepen fan engagement through innovative collectibles, membership
rewards, exclusive events and experiences. 

The
OpenLocker mission is to empower athletes by monetizing their Name, Image and Likeness NIL with autographed collectibles,
meaningful fan experiences and partnerships with local merchants, regional and national brands. 

OpenLocker
launched its first fan community at the University of Connecticut in February 2022, during the first season following the National Collegiate
Athletic Association NCAA policy change allowing student-athletes to receive compensation for their NIL. The Company
deliberately included all 14 eligible members of the men s basketball team to galvanize the fan base and name the fan community
the Bone Yard Huskyz Club (BYHC). The OpenLocker design team created the BYHC logo and Huskyz avatar to play off of the university s
Huskies mascot and to have an edgy feel. A Huskyz avatar was created in the likeness of each of the athletes and selected super fans
for branding and awareness campaigns. A website with a project roadmap outlining the perks and rewards of club membership was activated
two weeks prior to the release date, which was strategically timed around the basketball team s season schedule. A comprehensive
marketing campaign included digital programmatic advertising, organic and paid social media strategy (including pre- and post-drop Twitter
spaces conversations with fans, blockchain experts, athletes and parents of athletes), podcasts, email blasts and gorilla marketing at
several home basketball games. The OpenLocker athlete liaison also provided the athletes with graphics and talking points they could
use to leverage their social media followings and promote sales of their collectibles by word-of-mouth. 

OpenLocker
initially sold digital collectibles, also known as non-fungible tokens NFTs ), due to the popularity at the time and advantages
that blockchain technology offered for authenticating collectibles and providing utility and rewards to UConn fans. OpenLocker minted
the NFTs on the FLOW blockchain and sold them on its e-commerce platform for fiat currency to appeal to an audience unfamiliar with cryptocurrency.
A majority of the revenue from the BYHC project was generated on the first day of sales. The first two hours were the busiest as fans
were incentivized by the free autographed Platinum card that was included with purchase for the first 25 digital collectibles
sold per athlete. This unique collectible is a metal, wallet-sized card hand-signed by the athlete with the digital art printed on the
front and quick response (QR) code that directs to the boneyardhuskyzclub.com. Customer behavior and feedback confirmed that the physical
collectible was deemed to be of greater value to the majority of fans, who had little to no experience with blockchain technology. Since
then, OpenLocker has directed its efforts to marketing and selling autographed physical collectibles along with community membership
rewards programs, events and experiences. 

4 

Following
the success of its college fan community model, OpenLocker launched the OpenStable marketplace in April 2022 to engage the next generation
of thoroughbred racing enthusiasts. Through its relationships with owners, trainers and influencers in the racing industry, OpenStable
aimed to give fans access to exclusive information, real life experiences, and memorabilia so that they could engage in a truly immersive
journey covering a racehorse s career. By offering both autographed physical collectibles and ownership of digital collectibles
which unlocked rewards and experiences, both in the virtual and physical realms, OpenStable was intended to attract a younger audience
with a goal to develop the next generation of thoroughbred racing fans. 

The
Company continued to include digital collectibles with the purchase of a physical collectible featuring student-athlete NIL in the following
NCAA athletic season so it would have the option to use blockchain technology to verify ownership for its fan loyalty programs. However,
the Company has discontinued sale and distribution of digital collectibles, including NFTs, as there was little interest evidenced by
the fact that so few customers actually completed the steps required to view and claim them to a personal digital wallet. The OpenLocker
NFT viewer remains accessible so that existing owners may continue to have access to their digital collectibles while the Company focuses
on delivering physical collectibles and enhancing the fan experience by removing barriers to fan engagement. 

In
addition, from April 2022 through September 2022, OpenLocker offered a secondary marketplace for peer-to-peer transactions of digital
collectibles, however, no secondary sales were effectuated or attempted and as of September 2022 this secondary marketplace was discontinued.
Although OpenLocker no longer operates a trading platform, owners of issued digital collectibles may transfer their digital collectible
to their personal digital wallet and thereafter transfer such digital collectible to the wallet of their choice. 

As
of November 27, 2024, OpenLocker has active fan communities at University of Florida (Gataverse), Florida Atlantic University (PowerOwls
Club) and Radford University (RowdyRedz) and is focusing on building club membership rewards programs. While OpenLocker pays athletes
a majority of revenue generated from sales of collectibles containing their NIL and compensating them for social media activities and
appearances, the Company retains all revenue from sales of community-branded collectibles which do not use athlete NIL nor the marks
and logos of any institution. By partnering with local businesses, as well as regional and national brands who can offer perks and rewards
to community members, OpenLocker is able to create demand and further engage fans and the local community. 

In
addition to supporting the athletes, for each fan community, holders of issued digital collectibles and/or authenticated physical collectibles
are entitled to participate in any club membership activities, perks or benefits which the Company may offer or arrange from time to
time. Such perks or benefits may include, for example, access to community events (such as meet and greet with athletes), giveaways,
and rewards based on an athlete s performance. 

OpenLocker
is also in discussions with NIL collectives, communities focused on raising funds for school-specific NIL fundraising efforts, that are
interested in offering membership rewards programs to their target audiences. 

The
Company is also in discussions with national brands who are interested in leveraging their relationships with student-athletes to create
social media influencer campaigns and build customer loyalty programs. 

5 

OpenLocker s
current revenue model includes (i) sales on the OpenLocker platform, (ii) sponsorship and advertising, and (iii) service fees for creative
design work, development and product fulfillment services. 

OpenLocker
believes that it has found a unique and attractive market for autographed collectibles and community rewards programs by focusing on
the college athlete market, as we believe that interest in college sports is growing. 

Principal
Products and Services 

OpenLocker
aims to provide a comprehensive suite of collectibles, products and services, adopting a hybrid flexible model creating products both
licensed and non-licensed with colleges, professional sports teams, leagues, brands, etc. 

Autographed
Physical Collectibles (Authenticated Physical Collectibles) 

The
Platinum Card by OpenLocker is a metal, wallet-sized card that has the digital art print sublimated on one side and a QR code printed
on the other side which directs to the fan community online portal. The serial number is laser engraved on the card and there is space
reserved for the athlete to hand-sign. 

The
Company also offers autographed collectibles made of PVC plastic that is even more durable, making it a preferable material to carry
around. 

The
Platinum Card entitles the holder to receive any perks or benefits that may be offered by OpenLocker and its brand partners. 

Gear 

OpenLocker
also sells exclusive gear, including t-shirts, sweatshirts, hats and pins, in its exclusive gear shops. 

OpenLocker
Marketplace 

The
OpenLocker Marketplace provides a user-friendly shopping experience for sports fans to purchase membership cards, gear and collectibles
featuring their favorite athletes for access to exclusive perks and rewards. 

Sports
Branding Services 

OpenLocker
also provides branding services for individual athletes, university collectives, horse owners/trainers, and other entities interested
in creating a distinctive identity, building their fan base, and maximizing revenue. From logo creation and styling to social media messaging
and activation campaigns, OpenLocker s team can provide enhanced support to collaborating colleges and athletes. 

Industry
Overview and Market Opportunity 

Our
business model has been enabled by the recent change in NCAA policy, effective July 1, 2021, which now allows college athletes to profit
from their NIL. A majority of the general public and close to three quarters of college sports fans believe that athletes should be compensated
for their NIL, with stronger support among those between the ages of 18 and 34. 

NIL
merchandise sales, including apparel, autographed balls and posters, have expanded in the second year since the NCAA policy change with
the increase in awareness and demand for NIL products. By connecting exclusive rewards and perks to its autographed collectibles featuring
student athlete NIL at University of Florida, Florida Atlantic University and Radford University, OpenLocker offers tangible benefits
and strengthens community relationships in the long-term. The company also creates opportunities for local businesses and national brands
to benefit from NIL through influence marketing, partnerships and appearances. 

6 

Competitive
Advantage 

Tactical
Objective 

OpenLocker s
user-friendly platform empowers athletes to monetize their fan engagement with innovative collectibles. In addition to designing, marketing
and selling physical autographed collectibles with the athlete s NIL, OpenLocker also invests in helping athletes build their digital
currency with branding support services and integrated marketing strategies. OpenLocker facilitates the distribution of autographed
collectibles, gear and any memorabilia that athletes wish to deliver to fans, along with experiences or appearances agreed to by the
athlete. 

The
release of each fan community s collection is designed to target an athlete s, group of athletes or team s fan
base which includes students, alumni, university staff plus friends family members of the athletes. A combination of organic and
paid social media campaigns, public relations, advertising and campus activation strategies are used to drive sales. Scheduling drops
around peak interest and special events is also critical to maximize the impact of sales and marketing efforts, the most effective times
being just prior to the start of a season. 

College
Network 

The
OpenLocker Business Development team leverages its relationships with college coaches and athletic departments to explore potential partnerships,
school licensing opportunities and gain direct access to athletes. The company has a track record of fairly compensating student-athletes
which has translated into trusting relationships and seamless onboarding. 

Community
Rewards Programs 

OpenLocker
differentiates itself by offering rewards to fans for supporting their favorite student-athletes through purchase of an athlete s
autographed collectible. The company aims to remove barriers and strengthen community ties through business partnerships that leverage
NIL in creative ways. One way that OpenLocker enables small businesses to benefit from NIL is to offer rewards for athlete performance.
At the University of Florida, fans who purchase an autograph collectible featuring the NIL of Trevor Etienne, the Florida Gator s
running back, receive 20 off at Etienne s favorite chicken wing restaurant in Gainesville. Fans with the card also get a free
meal when Trevor Etienne scores two touchdowns in a single game. This is just one example of OpenLocker s strategy for attracting
more fans to its platform and connecting fans and athletes in deeper, more meaningful ways. 

Customers 

OpenLocker s
customers include fans of college sports teams and athletes including students, alumni, parents and friends of the athletes. The company
aims to expand its reach to a broader network of college sports spectators who are not as familiar with NIL with its fan rewards programs
that offer perks and experiences for community membership. 

Our
customers also include brands who are interested in leveraging their relationships with student-athletes to create social media influencer
campaigns and build customer loyalty programs. 

Government
Regulation 

Our
anticipated business activities are not currently subject to any particular regulation by government agencies other than those routinely
imposed on corporate and/or publicly traded businesses. 

Notwithstanding
the above, we have in the past sold digital assets and made a secondary marketplace available for those digital assets, as described
herein. As digital assets have grown in both popularity and market size, the U.S. Congress and a number of U.S. federal and state agencies
(including FinCEN, SEC, CFTC, FINRA, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland
Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the IRS and state financial institution regulators) have been examining the operations
of digital asset networks, digital asset users and the digital asset exchange markets, with particular focus on the extent to which digital
assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities or fund criminal or terrorist enterprises and the safety and soundness
of exchanges or other service-providers that hold digital assets for users. Many of these state and federal agencies have issued consumer
advisories regarding the risks posed by digital assets to investors. In addition, federal and state agencies, and other countries, have
issued rules or guidance about the treatment of digital asset transactions or requirements for businesses engaged in digital asset activity. 

7 

Law
enforcement agencies have often relied on the transparency of blockchains to facilitate investigations. Europol, the European Union s
law enforcement agency, released a report in October 2017 noting the increased use of privacy-enhancing digital assets like Zcash and
Monero in criminal activity on the internet and in May 2018 it was reported that Japan s Financial Service Agency has been pressuring
Japanese digital asset exchanges to delist privacy-enhancing digital assets. Although no regulatory action has been taken to treat Zcash
or other privacy-enhancing digital assets differently, this may change in the future. 

Various
foreign jurisdictions have, and may continue to, in the near future, adopt laws, regulations or directives that affect the digital asset
markets and their users, particularly digital assets and their service providers that fall within such jurisdictions regulatory
scope. For example, on March 5, 2020, South Korea voted to amend its Financial Information Act to require virtual asset service providers
to register and comply with its AML and CFT framework. These measures also provide the government with the authority to close digital
asset exchanges that do not comply with specified processes. The Chinese and South Korean governments have also banned ICOs and there
are reports that Chinese regulators have taken action to shut down a number of China-based digital asset exchanges. Further, on January
19, 2018, a Chinese news organization reported that the People s Bank of China had ordered financial institutions to stop providing
banking or funding to any activity related to cryptocurrencies. Similarly, in April 2018, the Reserve Bank of India banned
the entities it regulates from providing services to any individuals or business entities dealing with or settling digital assets. On
March 5, 2020, this ban was overturned in the Indian Supreme Court, although the Reserve Bank of India is currently challenging this
ruling. There remains significant uncertainty regarding the South Korean, Indian and Chinese governments future actions with respect
to the regulation of digital assets and digital asset exchanges. Such laws, regulations or directives may conflict with those of the
United States and may negatively impact the acceptance of digital assets by users, merchants and service providers outside the United
States and may therefore impede the growth or sustainability of the digital asset economy in the European Union, China, Japan, Russia
and the United States and globally, or otherwise negatively affect the value of digital assets. 

Securities
Act of 1933 

Under
the U.S. securities laws, a digital asset may be considered a security as defined in Section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended Securities Act ). In determining whether a particular digital asset is a security, it is generally accepted to
apply the standards set forth in the U.S. Supreme Court case of SEC v. W. J. Howey Co., 328 U.S. 293 (1946). Our Company does
not hold or invest in digital assets, including, but not limited to, NFTs. 

To
the extent any digital asset we sold could be deemed a security, we may become subject to additional regulatory requirements, including
under the Securities Act. For example, typically, offerings of securities in the United States are required to register under the Securities
Act with the SEC and, in compliance with state law, with applicable state regulators, and to the extent any digital assets we invest
in was originally distributed in connection with an illegal securities offering, those assets may lose value. In addition, our plans
to sell digital assets may be substantially constrained or prohibited with respect to transactions if determined to be a security. We
may need to find a suitable exemption from registration for these sales. At this time, we do not have a present intent to offer digital
assets, including, but not limited to, NFTs, in the future. 

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

In
the event we invest in the securities of a company that is subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we may be required to make certain filings with the SEC in connection with any acquisition
or beneficial ownership of more than 5 of any class of the equity securities of a company registered under the Exchange Act. Generally,
these filings require disclosure of the identity and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to acquire the
securities, the purpose of the transaction, the purchaser s interest in the securities, and any contracts, arrangements or undertakings
regarding the securities. Also, if we become the beneficial owner of more than 10 of any class of the equity securities of a company
registered under the Exchange Act, we may be subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for short-swing profits
under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

8 

Government
Regulation OpenLocker 

We
are subject to an extensive and highly-evolving regulatory landscape, and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any
laws and regulations could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. We are also
subject to governmental regulations routinely imposed on corporate and/or publicly traded businesses. 

Blockchain
and digital assets are increasingly becoming subject to governmental regulation, both in the U.S. and internationally. The technology
underlying blockchain technology is affected by a number of industry-wide challenges and risks relating to consumer acceptance of blockchain
technology, including but not limited to government and quasi-government regulation of NFTs and their use, or restrictions on or regulation
of access to and operation of blockchain networks or similar systems, the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol
of blockchain networks, changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences, the extent to which current interest in NFTs
represents a speculative bubble . 

Digital
assets have grown in both popularity and market size, the U.S. Congress and a number of U.S. federal and state agencies including FinCEN,
SEC, CFTC, FINRA, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, the IRS and state financial institution regulators have each been examining the operations of digital asset
networks, digital asset users and the digital asset exchange markets. Particular focus has been given on the extent to which digital
assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities or fund criminal or terrorist enterprises, as well as the safety and
soundness of exchanges or other service providers that hold digital assets for users. 

Many
federal and state agencies have issued advisories and general public inquiries regarding the risks posed by digital assets, crypto currencies
and solutions. In addition, federal and state agencies, and other countries have issued rules or guidance about the treatment of digital
asset transactions or requirements for businesses engaged in digital asset activity, both at a Know Your Customer and at
 Know Your Transaction levels. 

As
discussed above, the SEC, U.S. state securities regulators and several foreign governments have issued warnings that digital assets sold
in ICOs may be classified as securities and that both those digital assets and ICOs may be subject to securities regulations. Our anticipated
business activities, however, do not involve any ICOs nor any fractionalized digital asset offerings. We currently do not offer or sell
any digital assets, including but not limited to, NFTs, and have no immediate plans to do so again. 

Intellectual
Property 

Trademarks 

OpenLocker
is a registered trademark, and LOCKERMANIA, BONE YARD HUSKYZ CLUB, ROWDY REDZ, POWEROWLS CLUB, GATORVERSE, LIONZ CLUB, OPENSTABLE and
MADDY BADDYZ are trademarks of, OpenLocker Holdings, Inc., filed in the category of online advertising and marketing services in the
field of sports and NFTs, as well as promoting the sale of goods and services of others by means of contests and incentive award programs;
as well as promoting the sale of goods and services of others by OpenLocker. 

Patents 

While
OpenLocker has developed proprietary technology, as defined under Proprietary Marketplace Platform, OpenLocker has not registered
any patents with the United States Patent Trademark Office. 

Employees 

As
of November 27, 2024, we have no full-time employees. Mr. Gostfrand serves as our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer,
and Ms. Anthony serves as our President. OpenLocker uses contractors on an as-needed basis to fulfill its staffing needs. Mr. Klatsky
serves as President of OpenLocker and Ms. Klatsky serves as Chief Operating Officer of OpenLocker. 

9 

Organizational
History 

The
Company was originally incorporated in Delaware in 1986. It changed its domicile to Massachusetts in 1987. Until July 7, 1992, the Company
was engaged in the sale of an automated luminometer and an accompanying reagent system that measures raw material for microbiological
contamination. The Company discontinued operations and liquidated the remaining inventory of reagents on April 16, 1993. The Company
changed its state of domicile again to Delaware in May 1996 and concurrently changed its name to IMSCO Technologies, Inc. At the time,
the Company switched its focus to developing technology that achieves molecular separation with innovative applications of electrostatics.
The Company ultimately abandoned these endeavors and continued to go through shifts in its business operations. In 2001, the Company
changed its name to Global Sports and Entertainment, Inc. In 2002, it changed its name to GWIN, Inc. The Company changed its name to
Winning Edge International, Inc. in 2006 and in 2007, to W Technologies, Inc. 

In
June 2021, the Company closed upon a share exchange agreement with Krypto Ventures pivoting the Company into the blockchain technology
and digital asset business. In November 2021, the Company redeemed a large portion of the common stock issued in the Krypto Ventures
transaction and current management took over the Company operations. Effective December 31, 2021, the Company changed its name to Descrypto
Holdings, Inc. 

On
December 5, 2022, the Company changed its corporate name to OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. and effective December 9, 2022, the trading symbol
for the Company s common stock changed to OLKR . In October 2022 the Company uplisted to the OTCQB Venture Market. 

Through
the acquisition of OpenLocker, the Company is offering marketing solutions for collegiate and professional sports organizations and athletes
to deepen fan engagement through innovative collectibles, membership rewards, exclusive events and experiences. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
January 10, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock with the Delaware
Secretary of State, authorizing 200,000 shares of Series A preferred stock (the Series A Preferred ). Each share of Series
A Preferred is convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock, at the election of the holder, at any time. On any matter submitted to
the holders of common stock for a vote or on which the holders of common stock have a right to vote, each share of Series A Preferred
will have a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which the Series A Preferred is convertible. The Series
A Preferred will vote together with the common stock as one class. The Series A Preferred will participate in any dividends, distributions
or payments to the holders of the common stock on an as-converted basis. Series A Preferred is not entitled to receive any distribution
of the Company s assets or surplus funds upon a liquidation, merger or similar event. 

On
January 13, 2022, the Company entered into and closed upon a Share Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and American Capital
Ventures, an entity wholly owned by our CEO, Howard Gostfrand (the ACV Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the ACV Agreement,
the Company exchanged 88,800,191 shares of our common stock owned by ACV for the issuance of 88,800 shares of Series A Preferred stock. 

Also
on January 13, 2022, the Company entered into and closed upon a Share Exchange Agreement by and between the Company and Leone Capital,
an entity wholly owned by our President, Laura Anthony (the Leone Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Leone Agreement,
the Company exchanged 88,800,191 shares of our common stock owned by Leone for the issuance of 88,800 shares of Series A Preferred stock 

Series
A Preferred Redemptions 

On
February 18, 2022, the Company entered into and closed certain Redemption Agreements (each, a Series A Redemption Agreement ),
by and between the Company and ACV and Leone (together, the Redeeming Series A Stockholders ). Pursuant to the terms of
the Series A Redemption Agreements, each of the Redeeming Series A Stockholders sold, and the Company purchased, a total of 142,080 Series
A Preferred shares representing 80 of the Redeeming Series A Stockholders holdings for an aggregate purchase price of 2.00. 

10 

2022
and 2023 Series A Subscription Agreements 

On
October 5, 2022, the Company entered into Subscription Agreements (the Brian Klatsky Agreement ), dated October 5, 2022,
by and between the Company and each of the following purchasers: Brian Klatsky, American Capital Ventures Inc. (ACV) and Leone Group
LLC. Mr. Klatsky is a member of the Company s Board of Directors, a significant stockholder of the Company and President of OpenLocker,
Inc., a wholly owned operating subsidiary of the Company. Howard Gostfrand is Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and
director of the Company, and is President and founder of ACV. Laura Anthony, President and Chairperson of the Company s Board of
Directors, is managing member of Leone. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreements, each of the purchasers agreed to purchase from the Company,
and the Company agreed to sell to each purchaser, 3,000 (for an aggregate of 9,000 shares) shares of the Company s Series A preferred
stock at a price of 0.66666666 per share, for a subscription price of 2,000.00 (for an aggregate of 6,000.00). 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement (the Brian Klatsky Agreement ), dated June 20, 2023, by
and between the Company and Brian Klatsky, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, President of OpenLocker Inc., an operating
company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and a significant stockholder of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Brian
Klatsky Agreement, Mr. Klatsky agreed to purchase from the Company, and the Company agreed to sell to Mr. Klatsky, 9,895 shares of the
Company s Series A preferred stock at a price of 0.66666666 per share, for a total subscription price of 6,597. The Company sold
such shares to Mr. Klatsky on June 20, 2023. 

Also
on June 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement (the Lauren Klatsky Agreement and together with the
Brian Klatsky Agreement, the Agreements ), dated June 20, 2023, by and between the Company and Lauren Klatsky, Chief Operating
Officer of OpenLocker Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the Lauren Klatsky Agreement, Ms. Klatsky agreed to purchase from the Company, and
the Company agreed to sell to Ms. Klatsky, 4,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock at a price of 0.66666666 per
share, for a total subscription price of 2,667. The Company sold such shares to Ms. Klatsky on June 20, 2023. 

Following
the Series A transactions, ownership of the Series A Preferred was as follows: 

Name of Stockholder 
 No. of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Owned Following Redemption 
 Percentage of Outstanding Series A Preferred Stock Held Following Redemption 
 
 ACV 
 20,760 
 20.87 
 
 Leone 
 20,760 
 20.87 
 
 Brian Klatsky 
 12,895 
 16.86 
 
 Lauren Klatsky 
 4,000 
 4.21 

2022
Common Stock Redemption Agreements 

On
February 18, 2022, the Company entered into certain Redemption Agreements (each, a 2022 Redemption Agreement and collectively,
the 2022 Redemption Agreements ), by and among the Company and each of the following holders of the Company s common
stock: Balance Labs, Aleksandr Rubin, Ronald Cons, Avon Road, 2018 Investor Trust, Congregation Boro Minyan, Rachel Jacobs, Jessica Beren,
Aros, LLC, Lyons Capital, MACA, and J and K Ventures, LLC (collectively, the 2022 Redeeming Stockholders ). Pursuant to
the terms of the 2022 Redemption Agreements, each of the 2022 Redeeming Stockholders agreed to sell, and the Company agreed to purchase,
80 of such 2022 Redeeming Stockholders common stock holdings at a purchase price of 0.00001 per share. 

On
February 18, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Redemption Agreements, the Company paid an aggregate of 773.82 to the 2022 Redeeming
Stockholders in exchange for the transfer of a total of 77,382,494 shares of common stock (the 2022 Redeemed Shares ), representing
80 of the shares of common stock held by the 2022 Redeeming Stockholders. As a result of the redemption, the 2022 Redeemed Shares were
returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of common stock. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

11 

RISK
FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our historical financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere herein, before you decide to purchase our securities. Any one of these risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause material
adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results which could cause actual results to differ materially
from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant decrease in the value of our common shares and warrants. Refer
to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

We
may not be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. These potential
risks and uncertainties may not be a complete list of the risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
that we are presently unaware of, or presently consider immaterial, that may become material in the future and have a material adverse
effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any of these risks and uncertainties. 

Below
is a summary of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
 are an early-stage company with a limited operating history. Such limited operating history may not provide an adequate basis to
 judge our future prospects and results of operations. 

Our
 auditors have indicated that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
 may suffer from lack of availability of additional funds. 

We
 may be unable to scale our operations successfully. 

The
 requirements of remaining a public company may strain our resources and distract management, which could make it difficult to manage
 our business. 

OpenLocker
 may acquire other assets or businesses, or form collaborations or make investments in other companies or technologies that could
 harm its operating results, dilute its stockholders ownership, increase its debt or cause it to incur significant expense. 

Our
 financial results fluctuate and may be difficult to forecast, and this may cause a decline in the trading price of OpenLocker s
 stock. 

Our
 plans for expansion cannot be implemented if we lose our key personnel or cannot recruit additional personnel. 

If
 we do not respond to rapid technological changes, our services could become obsolete and we could lose customers. 

Risks
Related to Digital Assets 

The
 market for digital assets is relatively new and subject to significant volatility. 

Digital
 collectibles may be a relatively illiquid asset. 

Our
 digital asset secondary marketplace could have been operating as an unregistered exchange, unregistered broker-dealer or unregistered
 clearing agency. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

OpenLocker s
 common stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

OpenLocker s
 common stock constitutes restricted securities and is subject to limited transferability. 

OpenLocker s
 common stock price may decrease due to factors beyond our control. 

12 

OpenLocker s
 common stock is subject to the application of the penny stock rules which could adversely affect the market price of
 OpenLocker s common stock and increase transaction costs to sell those shares. 

The
 market price for OpenLocker s common stock is particularly volatile, which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price.
 You may be unable to sell your common stock shares at or above your purchase price, or at all, which may result in substantial losses
 to you. 

OpenLocker
 does not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

Our
OpenLocker subsidiary is an early-stage company with a limited operating history. Such limited operating history may not provide an adequate
basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations. 

OpenLocker
was incorporated in Delaware on August 25, 2021. We have limited experience and a limited operating history in which to assess our future
prospects as a company. In addition, the market for our products and services is highly competitive. If we fail to successfully develop
and offer our products and services in an increasingly competitive market, we may not be able to capture the growth opportunities associated
with them or recover our development and marketing costs, and our future results of operations and growth strategies could be adversely
affected. Our limited history may not provide a meaningful basis for investors to evaluate our business, financial performance, and prospects. 

We
may fail to successfully execute our business plan. 

Our
stockholders may lose their entire investment if we fail to execute our business plan. Our prospects must be considered in light of the
following risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, competition, the erosion of ongoing revenue streams, the ability to
retain experienced personnel and general economic conditions. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in executing our business
plan. If we fail to successfully execute our business plan, we may be forced to cease operations, in which case our stockholders may
lose their entire investment. 

Since
inception, we have experienced losses, and may have to further reduce our costs by curtailing future operations to continue as a business. 

Since
the original incorporation of OpenLocker on August 25, 2021, it has experienced operating losses. We have also experienced operating
losses and in the last several years, prior to the acquisition of OpenLocker, have had no revenues. Our cash flow may be inadequate to
support our ongoing operations. Our ability to fund our capital requirements out of our available cash and cash generated from our operations
depends on a number of factors, including our ability to gain interest in our products and services and continue growing our existing
operations and our ability to raise funds as needed. If we cannot generate positive cash flow from operations, we will have to reduce
our costs and try to raise working capital from other sources. These measures could materially and adversely affect our ability to execute
our operations and expand our business. 

Our
auditors have indicated that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
auditors have indicated that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We had a loss from operations
of 704,412 for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern ultimately is dependent
on the management s ability to obtain equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies, and achieve profitable operations.
Management intends to raise additional funds by way of public or private offerings. Management believes that the actions presently being
taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for our Company to continue as a going concern.
While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds, there can be no
assurances to that effect or the timeframe in which it may occur. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to further implement our business plan and generate revenues. For further discussion about our ability to continue as a going concern
and our plan for future liquidity, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

13 

We
may suffer from lack of availability of additional funds. 

We
expect to have ongoing needs for working capital in order to fund operations and to continue to expand our operations. To that end, we
will be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful
in securing additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. If we are successful, whether the terms are favorable or unfavorable, there
is a potential that we will fail to comply with the terms of such financing, which could result in severe liability for us. If we are
unsuccessful, we may need to (a) initiate cost reductions; (b) forego business development opportunities; (c) seek extensions of time
to fund liabilities, or (d) seek protection from creditors. In addition, any future sale of our equity securities would dilute the ownership
and control of your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which our shares currently trade. Our inability to raise
capital could require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations altogether. We may seek to increase our cash reserves through
the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could result
in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt
service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition,
our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. 

In
addition, if we are unable to generate adequate cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary
for us to sell all or a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities,
to the extent available, may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing
all of their investment in our Company. 

Our
management team s attention may be diverted by acquisitions and searches for new acquisition targets, and our business
and operations may suffer adverse consequences as a result. 

Mergers
and acquisitions are time intensive, requiring significant commitment of our management team s focus and resources. If our management
team spends too much time focused on acquisitions or on potential acquisition targets, the management team may not have sufficient time
to focus on its existing business and operations. This diversion of attention could have material and adverse consequences on our operations
and its ability to be profitable. 

We
may be unable to scale our operations successfully. 

Our
growth strategy will place significant demands on our management and financial, administrative and other resources. Operating results
will depend substantially on the ability of our officers and key employees to manage changing business conditions and to implement and
improve our financial, administrative and other resources. If OpenLocker is unable to respond to and manage changing business conditions,
or the scale of its operations, then the quality of its services, its ability to retain key personnel, and its business could be harmed. 

Economic
conditions or changing consumer preferences could adversely impact our business. 

A
downturn in economic conditions in one or more of our markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
condition, business and prospects. Any sustained failure to identify and respond to trends could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. 

The
requirements of remaining a public company may strain our resources and distract management, which could make it difficult to manage
our business. 

We
are required to comply with various regulatory and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Complying with these
reporting and other regulatory requirements are time-consuming and expensive and could have a negative effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), including maintaining internal controls over financial reporting, and if we
fail to continue to comply, our business could be harmed, and the price of our securities could decline. 

Currently,
our President s law firm is providing legal services necessary to maintain our reporting obligations under the Exchange Act without
charge. If our President were to leave or otherwise cease providing these services without charge, we could incur significant additional
expenses which could harm our business. 

14 

We
rely on technology, such as our information systems, to conduct our business. Failure to protect our technology against breakdowns and
security breaches could adversely affect our business. 

We
rely on technology, such as our own information systems, vendors information systems and third-party application programming interfaces
(APIs), to conduct our business. This technology is vulnerable to service interruptions and security breaches from inadvertent or intentional
actions by our employees, partners and vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels
of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, including organized criminal groups,
 hacktivists, identity thieves, nation states and others. The techniques used to breach security safeguards evolve rapidly,
and they may be difficult to detect for an extended period of time, and the measures we take to safeguard our technology may not adequately
prevent such incidents. 

While
we have taken steps to protect our confidential and personal information and invested in information technology, there can be no assurance
that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches in our systems or the unauthorized or inadvertent wrongful use
or disclosure of confidential information. Such incidents could adversely affect our business operations, reputation, and client relationships.
Any such breach would require us to expend significant resources to mitigate the breach of security and to address matters related to
any such breach, including the payment of fines. We also may be required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived personal
data breach as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods. 

Any
actual or perceived failure of our platform to block malware or prevent failures or security breaches or incidents could harm our reputation,
cause the platform to be perceived as insecure, underperforming, or unreliable, impede our efforts to attract and retain customers, and
otherwise negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
face security threats from malicious third parties that could obtain unauthorized access to our internal systems, networks and data.
Computer malware, viruses and computer hacking, fraudulent use, social engineering (including spear phishing attacks) and general hacking
have become more prevalent, and such incidents or incident attempts have been initiated against our customers in the past and may occur
against our customers in the future. We may become the target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our customers 
confidential data, which could disrupt our ability to provide some or all of the services on the platform or lead to exposure of customer
information. Additionally, we use certain third-party service providers to store and process data on our behalf, and they face a variety
of security risks. We have taken steps to protect customer information that might pass through our platform. However, our security measures
or those of our third-party service providers could be breached or we could suffer data loss or unauthorized access to, or use of, our
platform or the systems or networks used in our business. 

It
is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate the risk of these security threats, and the security, performance, and reliability
of our platform may be disrupted by third parties, including competitors, hackers, disgruntled employees, former employees, or contractors.
Certain kinds of viruses or malware can corrupt basic functionalities of device operating systems to allow hackers to access or misdirect
our customers digital assets. 

We
also process, store and transmit our own data as part of our business and operations. This data may include personally identifiable,
confidential or proprietary information, and we use third-party service providers to store and process certain data for us. There can
be no assurance that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers have implemented will be effective against current
or future security threats. While we take steps in an effort to protect the security of our platform and the availability, integrity,
confidentiality and security of our data, our security measures or those of our third-party providers could fail and result in unauthorized
access to or use of our platform or unauthorized, accidental or unlawful access to, or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction
of, our or our customers data. 

Whether
or not accurate, a market perception that our platform is insecure, underperforming or unreliable could result in: 

A
 loss of existing or potential customers or third-party relationships; 

Harm
 to our financial condition and results of operations; 

15 

Delay
 or inability to attain market acceptance of our platform; 

Expenditure
 of significant financial resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate, remediate, or work around errors or defects, to address
 and eliminate vulnerabilities, and to address any applicable legal or contractual obligations relating to any actual or perceived
 security breach or incident; 

Negative
 publicity and damage to our reputation and brand; and 

Legal
 claims and demands (including for stolen assets or information, repair of system damages, and compensation to customers), litigation,
 regulatory audits, proceedings or investigations, and other liabilities. 

Any
actual or perceived security breach or other incident may also lead to the expenditure of significant financial and other resources in
efforts to investigate or correct a breach, address and eliminate vulnerabilities and prevent future security breaches or incidents,
as well as the incurring of significant expenses for remediation that may include liability for stolen assets or information, repair
of system damage that may have been caused, and other liabilities. We have incurred and expect to incur significant expenses in an effort
to prevent security breaches and other incidents, including deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training personnel
and engaging third-party experts and consultants. 

We
may acquire other assets or businesses, or form collaborations or make investments in other companies or technologies that could harm
our operating results, dilute our stockholders ownership, increase our debt or cause us to incur significant expense. 

As
part of our business strategy, we may pursue acquisitions of businesses and assets or enter into strategic alliances and collaborations,
to initiate and then expand our operations. We may not identify or complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective
basis, or at all, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction, any of which could have a detrimental effect
on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have limited experience with acquiring other companies and assets
and limited experience with forming strategic alliances and collaborations. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates,
and if we make any acquisitions, we may not be able to integrate these acquisitions successfully into our existing business and we may
incur additional debt or assume unknown or contingent liabilities in connection therewith. Integration of an acquired company or assets
may also disrupt ongoing operations, require the hiring of additional personnel and the implementation of additional internal systems
and infrastructure, especially the acquisition of commercial assets, and require management resources that would otherwise focus on developing
our existing business. We may not be able to find suitable strategic alliances or collaboration partners or identify other investment
opportunities, and we may experience losses related to any such investments. 

To
finance any acquisitions or collaborations, we may choose to issue debt or equity securities as consideration. Any such issuance of securities
would dilute the ownership of our stockholders. If the price of our common stock is low or volatile, we may not be able to acquire other
assets or companies or fund a transaction using our stock as consideration. Alternatively, it may be necessary for us to raise additional
funds for acquisitions through public or private financings. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us,
or at all. 

Because
we do not have an audit or compensation committee, shareholders will have to rely on our entire Board of Directors to perform these functions. 

We
do not have an audit or compensation committee. These functions are performed by our Board of Directors of as a whole. Thus, there is
a potential conflict in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning management compensation
and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

We
expect to face intense competition, often from companies with greater resources and experience than we have. 

As
part of our growth strategy we intend to make acquisitions. To acquire qualified companies, we are likely to face competition from companies
that have substantially greater financial, technological, managerial and research and development resources and experience than we have.
In addition, if we are successful in closing an acquisition of one or more target companies, these acquired companies are likely to face
competition for their service and product offerings from large and well-established companies that have greater marketing and sales experience
and capabilities than we have. If we are unable to compete successfully, we may be unable to grow, sustain our revenue or be successful
in achieving our business plan. 

16 

Current
global financial conditions have been characterized by increased volatility which could negatively impact our business, prospects, liquidity
and financial condition. 

Current
global financial conditions and recent market events have been characterized by increased volatility and the resulting tightening of
the credit and capital markets has reduced the amount of available liquidity and overall economic activity. We cannot guarantee that
debt or equity financing, the ability to borrow funds or cash generated by operations will be available or sufficient to meet or satisfy
our initiatives, objectives or requirements. Our inability to access sufficient amounts of capital on terms acceptable to us for our
operations will negatively impact our business, prospects, liquidity and financial condition. 

Our
potential for rapid growth and our entry into new markets make it difficult for us to evaluate our current and future business prospects,
and we may be unable to effectively manage any growth associated with these new markets, which may increase the risk of your investment
and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

Our
entry into new markets as we seek to expand our business and seek to acquire complementary businesses may place a significant strain
on our resources and increase demands on our executive management, personnel and systems, and our operational, administrative and financial
resources may be inadequate. We may also not be able to effectively manage any expanded operations or achieve planned growth on a timely
or profitable basis, particularly if our number of customers significantly increases or their demands and needs change as our business
expands. If we are unable to manage expanded operations effectively, we may experience operating inefficiencies, the quality of our products
and services could deteriorate, and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

If
we are unable to develop and maintain our brand and reputation for our service and product offerings, our business and prospects could
be materially harmed. 

Our
business and prospects depend, in part, on developing and then maintaining and strengthening our brand and reputation in the markets
we will serve and for the companies we acquire. If problems arise with our future products or services, our brand and reputation could
be diminished. If we fail to develop, promote and maintain our brand and reputation successfully, our business and prospects could be
materially harmed. 

Any
failure to protect our future intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our technology and our brand. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights of the companies we expect to
acquire. We expect to rely upon a combination of trademark and trade secret laws, as well as license and other contractual provisions,
to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection
and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated. To the extent
that our intellectual property and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected, third parties may gain access to our proprietary
information, develop and market products similar to ours or use trademarks similar to ours, each of which could materially harm our business.
The failure to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks. 

We
may have limited or no experience in our newer markets, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. These offerings,
which can present new and difficult technological challenges, may subject us to claims if customers of these offerings experience service
disruptions or failures or other quality issues. Profitability, if any, in our newer activities may not meet our expectations, and we
may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts
we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. 

17 

The
impact of epidemics or pandemics may limit our future business both from the demand and supply sides. Our sales people may not be able
to effectively engage with customers due to restrictions on travel, conferences and in-person meetings. Our supply chain may be impacted
by production and distribution delays. Due to these factors, we may limit future operations to reduce expenses until events support and
allow normal business procedures. 

Our
current business and future acquired businesses and/or operations both domestic and abroad, and the businesses of our potential customers
could be materially and adversely affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related to a pandemic or other health
crisis, such as the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as well as the variants. 

The
growth of the businesses we acquire may, in part, be reliant on the willingness of customers to invest in their products and solutions.
The risk, or public perception of the risk, of a pandemic or media coverage of infectious diseases could cause customers to avoid purchases
which would delay sales of those products and solutions. 

Our
financial results fluctuate and may be difficult to forecast, and this may cause a decline in the trading price of our stock. 

Our
revenues, expenses and operating results are difficult to predict given our limited history of current operations. We expect that our
operating results will continue to fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors
include, but are not limited to: 

Our
 ability to increase our brand awareness; 

Our
 ability to attract new customers; 

Our
 ability to increase our customer base; 

The
 amount and timing of costs relating to the expansion of our operations, including sales and marketing expenditures; 

Our
 ability to introduce new mobile payment offerings or customer services in a competitive environment; and 

Our
 ability to manage third-party outsourced operations; 

Due
to all of these factors, our operating results may fall below the expectations of investors, which could cause a decline in the trading
price of our common stock. 

Our
plans for expansion cannot be implemented if we lose our key personnel or cannot recruit additional personnel. 

We
depend substantially on the continued services, specialized knowledge and performance of our senior management, particularly but not
limited to Howard Gostfrand, Laura Anthony, Brian Klatsky and Lauren Klatsky. We do not have employment agreements with these individuals,
and they could terminate their employment with us at any time. As a result, these officers may elect to pursue other opportunities at
any time. If one or more of these individuals choose to leave our Company, we may lose a significant number of relationships and operating
expertise which they have developed over many years and which would be difficult to replace. The loss of the services of any executive
officer or other key employee could hurt our business. 

In
addition, as our business expands, we will need to add new information technology and engineering personnel to maintain and expand our
systems and customer support personnel to serve our growing customer base. If we are unable to hire and successfully train employees
or contractors in these areas, users of our platform may have negative experiences and we may lose customers, which would diminish the
value of our brand and harm our business. The market for recruiting qualified information technology and other personnel is extremely
competitive, and we may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining employees. Should we fail to retain or attract qualified
personnel, we may not be able to compete successfully or implement our plans for expansion. 

We
have an evolving business model with still untested growth initiatives. 

We
have an evolving business model and intend to implement new strategies to grow our business in the future. There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in developing new product categories or in entering new specialty markets or in implementing any other growth
strategies. Similarly, there can be no assurance that we already have or will be able to obtain or retain any employees, consultants
or other resources with any specialized skills or relationships to successfully implement our strategies in the future. 

18 

We
rely on third-party systems to conduct our business and relationships with payment processors, advertisers, third party sellers of our
products, and our revenues and market share may decrease if these third-party relationship and systems are unavailable in the future
or if they no longer offer quality performance. 

We
rely on third-party computer systems and third-party service providers, including payment services such as Shopify Payment for credit
card verifications and confirmations, to host our website and to advertise and deliver the products sold on our website to customers.
We also rely on third-party licenses for components of the software underlying our technology platform. Any interruption in our ability
to obtain the products or services of these or other third parties or deterioration in their performance could impair the timing and
quality of our own service. If our service providers fail to deliver high-quality services in a timely manner to our customers, our services
will not meet the expectations of our customers and our reputation and brand will be damaged. Furthermore, if our arrangements with any
of these third parties are terminated, we may not find an alternate source of systems support on a timely basis or on terms as advantageous
to us. In addition, our contracts or arrangements with suppliers do not provide for the continuation of particular pricing practices,
for the availability of any specific services and generally may be terminated by either party. If we are unable to develop and maintain
relationships with these third-party suppliers that will allow us to obtain sufficient levels of service on acceptable commercial terms,
such inability could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors including larger, well-established and well-financed NIL
and sports focused companies. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, some of our competitors may be able to devote greater resources
to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote substantially more resources to systems development
than we do. Increased competition may result in reduced operating margins, loss of market share and a diminished brand franchise. We
cannot provide assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. 

Our
business depends on effective marketing, including marketing via email and social networking messaging, and we intend to increase our
spending on marketing and branding, which may adversely affect our financial results. 

We
depend on effective marketing to attract customers and merchants. We depend on email and social networking messaging to promote our site
and offerings and to generate a substantial portion of our revenues. If we are unable to develop, implement and maintain effective and
efficient cost-effective advertising and marketing programs, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial results and business.
Further, as part of our growth strategies, we intend to increase our spending on marketing and branding initiatives significantly, which
may adversely affect our financial results. There is no assurance that any increase in our marketing or branding expenditures will result
in increased market shares or will ultimately have a positive effect on our financial results. 

Use
of social media may adversely impact our reputation. 

There
has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and similar devices, including blogs, social media websites and other
forms of internet-based communications that allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Consumers
value readily available information concerning retailers, manufacturers, and their goods and services and often act on such information
without further investigation, authentication and without regard to its accuracy. The availability of information on social media platforms
and devices is virtually immediate as is its impact. Social media platforms and devices immediately publish the content their subscribers
and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The opportunity for dissemination of information,
including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information concerning our company may be posted on such
platforms and devices at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests, may be inaccurate, and may harm our performance,
prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Such platforms also could
be used for the dissemination of trade secret information or otherwise compromise valuable company assets, all of which could harm our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Risks
Related to Digital Assets 

Whether
a particular digital asset is a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and if
we are unable to properly characterize a digital asset, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and
other penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

The
SEC and its staff have taken the position that certain crypto assets (which includes digital assets) fall within the definition of a
 security under the U.S. federal securities laws. We do not believe that the digital assets we have sold are securities,
however, regardless of our conclusions, we could be subject to legal or regulatory action in the event the SEC, a state or foreign regulatory
authority, or a court were to determine that a digital asset listed and sold on our platform is a security under applicable
laws. 

The
classification of a digital asset as a security under applicable law has wide-ranging implications for the regulatory obligations that
flow from the offer and sale of such assets. For example, a digital asset that is a security in the United States may generally only
be offered or sold in the United States pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC or in an offering that qualifies for
an exemption from registration. Persons that effect transactions in digital assets that are securities in the United States may be subject
to registration with the SEC as a broker or dealer. Platforms that bring together purchasers and sellers
to trade digital assets that are securities in the United States are generally subject to registration as national securities exchanges,
or must qualify for an exemption, such as by being operated by a registered broker-dealer as an ATS in compliance with rules for ATSs.
Persons facilitating clearing and settlement of securities may be subject to registration with the SEC as a clearing agency. Foreign
jurisdictions may have similar licensing, registration, and qualification requirements. 

We
have policies and procedures to analyze whether the digital assets that we sold on our platform could be deemed to be a security 
under applicable laws. Our policies and procedures do not constitute a legal standard but rather represent our company-developed model,
which permits us to make a risk-based assessment regarding the likelihood that a particular digital asset could be deemed a security 
under applicable laws. Regardless of our conclusions, we could be subject to legal or regulatory action in the event the SEC, a state
or foreign regulatory authority, or a court were to determine that a digital asset listed and sold on our platform is a security 
under applicable laws. Customers that purchased such digital assets on our platform and suffered losses could also seek to rescind a
transaction that we facilitated as the basis that it was conducted in violation of applicable law, which could subject us to liability. 

Although
we no longer offer a secondary market or trading platform, we did at one time. Our secondary market was not registered or licensed with
the SEC or foreign authorities as a broker-dealer, national securities exchange, or ATS (or foreign equivalents), and we will not seek
to register or rely on an exemption from such registration or license. We could be subject to legal or regulatory action in the event
the SEC, a state or foreign regulatory authority, or a court were to determine that we operated an unregistered exchange, unregistered
broker-dealer or unregistered clearly agency. We believe that our risk is reduced as no secondary or trading transactions were attempted
or occurred on our marketplace, but regardless of our conclusion our business would be significantly impacted if the SEC, a state or
foreign regulatory authority, or a court were to determine otherwise. 

In
addition, we could be subject to judicial or administrative sanctions for failing to offer or sell the digital assets in compliance with
the registration requirements, or for acting as a broker, dealer, or national securities exchange without appropriate registration. Such
an action could result in injunctions, cease and desist orders, as well as civil monetary penalties, fines, and disgorgement, criminal
liability, and reputational harm. 

There
are risks associated with operating a marketplace for digital assets . 

There
are risks associated with marketplaces for digital assets that sell user generated content, including but not limited to, counterfeit
assets, intellectual property violations, unregistered sales of securities, assets on smart contracts with bugs, and assets that may
become untransferable. These risks could create liability and have an adverse effect on the Company. 

20 

Our
risk management efforts may not be effective to prevent fraudulent activities by third-party providers or other parties, which could
expose us to material financial losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. 

We
contract with third-party providers for applications available through our platform, as well as some services required to maintain the
platform. We may be targeted by parties, including customers, hackers, or third-party providers, who seek to commit acts of financial
fraud using techniques such as stolen identities and bank accounts, compromised email accounts, employee or insider fraud, account takeover,
or other types of fraud. We may suffer losses from acts of financial fraud committed by our employees or third parties. 

The
techniques used to perpetrate fraud on our platform and the applications accessed through our platform are continually evolving, and
we expend considerable resources to monitor and combat them, and to inform customers of the limits to the control we have over third-party
provider activities. Additionally, when we introduce new products and applications, or expand existing products, we may not be able to
identify all risks created by the new products or applications. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be sufficient to
identify all of the risks to which we or our customers are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified,
or to identify additional risks to which we or our customers may become subject in the future. Furthermore, our risk management policies
and procedures may contain errors, or our employees or agents may commit mistakes or errors in judgment as a result of which we may suffer
large financial losses. 

The
growth of our business will continue to place significant demands on our risk management efforts, and we will need to continue developing
and improving our existing risk management policies and procedures. As techniques used to perpetrate fraud on our platform evolve, we
may need to modify our platform, services or agreements with third parties to mitigate fraud risks. Further, these types of fraudulent
activities on our platform can also expose us to civil and criminal liability, governmental and regulatory sanctions as well as potentially
cause us to be in breach of our contractual obligations to our third-party providers. 

Digital
asset collectibles may be a relatively illiquid asset. 

We
do not currently offer digital asset collectibles but have done so in the past and although we do not intend to do so in the near future,
it could become a part of our overall collectible market strategy. While many digital assets can be bought and sold easily, in the case
of digital asset collectibles, we will need to identify buyers who are willing to pay a certain price for a particular, one-of-a-kind
item. If we elect to dispose of a digital asset collectible through an auction house, commissions will be to the auction house that will
reduce our returns. In addition, following a sale at auction, a successful bidder may fail to pay in accordance with the timescales laid
down by the relevant auction house resulting in either (i) delayed payment by said bidder; or (ii) the need for us to sell the work either
privately, via a gallery or at a subsequent auction, in either case resulting in losses for us. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

Under
a regulation of the SEC known as Rule 144, a person who beneficially owns restricted securities of an issuer and who is
not an affiliate of that issuer may sell them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have been
met. One of these conditions is that such person has held the restricted securities for a prescribed period, which will be six months
for the common stock. However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell company (other
than a business combination related shell company) or, unless certain conditions are met, that has been at any time previously a shell
company. 

The
SEC defines a shell company as a company that has (a) no or nominal operations and (b) either (i) no or nominal assets, (ii) assets consisting
solely of cash and cash equivalents; or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

21 

As
a result of a transaction reported on Form 8-K on August 4, 2021, we ceased being a shell company as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act. While we believe that we ceased to be a shell company, the SEC and others whose approval is required in order
for shares to be sold under Rule 144 might take a different view. 

Rule
144 is available for the resale of securities of former shell companies if and for as long as the following conditions are met: 

(i) 
 the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

(ii) 
 the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

(iii) 
 the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

(iv) 
 at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company known as Form 10 Information. 

Our
common stock price may decrease due to factors beyond our control. 

The
stock market from time to time has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices
for early-stage companies and which often have been unrelated to the operating performance of the companies. These broad market fluctuations
may adversely affect the market price of our stock. If OpenLocker s stockholders sell substantial amounts of their stock in the
public market, the price of our stock could fall. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity, or equity-related
securities, in the future at a price we deem appropriate. 

The
market price of our stock may also fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

variations
 in our quarterly operating results; 

changes
 in general economic conditions; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

poor
 reviews; 

loss
 of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant; and 

the
 addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel. 

Any
such fluctuations may adversely affect the market price or value of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.
As a result, stockholders may be unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

Our
common stock is subject to the application of the penny stock rules which could adversely affect the market price of our
common stock and increase transaction costs to sell those shares. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and 

the
 broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the
 penny stock to be purchased. 

22 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and 

make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
 and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination and 

that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

The
market price for our common stock is particularly volatile, which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable
to sell your common stock shares at or above your purchase price, or at all, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

The
market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our
share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. As a consequence of this enhanced risk,
more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress,
be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a
seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common shares, regardless of our
operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock shares
will be at any time, or if our common stock shares will ever be able to trade, or as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability
of common stock shares for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We
anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board. 

If
we are unable to comply with the financial reporting requirements mandated by the SEC s regulations, investors may lose confidence
in our financial reporting and the price of our common stock could decline. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely, accurate and reliable periodic
financial statements could be impaired. If we do not maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose
confidence in the accuracy of our periodic reports filed under the Exchange Act. Additionally, our ability to obtain additional financing
could be impaired or a lack of investor confidence in the reliability and accuracy of its public reporting could cause our stock price
to decline. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy 

The
cybersecurity risk management program, processes and strategy described in this section are limited to the personal and business information
belonging to or maintained by the Company (collectively, Confidential Information ), our own third-party critical systems
and services supporting or used by the Company (collectively, Critical Systems ), and service providers. 

23 

We
will develop and implement a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability
of our Confidential Information and Critical Systems. Our cybersecurity risk management program will be integrated into our overall enterprise
risk management program and includes a cybersecurity incident response plan. 

Our
cybersecurity risk management program will include: 

risk
 assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our Confidential Information, Critical Systems and the broader
 enterprise IT environment; 

a
 security team principally responsible for managing (1) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security controls, and
 (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents; 

cybersecurity
 awareness and spear-phishing resistance training of our employees, and senior management; 

a
 cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents; and 

a
 vendor management policy for service providers. 

We
have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial
condition. We face risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on us including an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cybersecurity
Governance 

Our
executive management team, along with our managed information technology service provider, is responsible for assessing and managing
risks from cybersecurity threats to the Company, including our Confidential Information and Critical Systems. The team has primary responsibility
for our overall cybersecurity risk management program. Our management team works closely with our information technology service provider. 

Our
management team meets with our information technology service provider periodically to discuss then-current cybersecurity issues, which
may include efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, including threat
intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, and external service providers engaged by us;
and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the information technology environment including a spear-phishing report. 

Our
Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology
risks, and oversees management s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. Our executive management team is
responsible for updating the Board, as necessary, regarding significant cybersecurity incidents. 

Our
Board shall also receive period reports from management on our cybersecurity risks and cybersecurity risk management program. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. This office space is provided
to us at no charge by one of our executive officers and directors. In addition, OpenLocker maintains an office at 320 Broad Street, Red
Bank, NJ 07701. The Company is leasing the office space from a family member of OpenLocker s Chief Executive Officer on a month-to-month
basis. We believe that these properties are adequate to support the Company s existing operations and that we will be able to obtain
appropriate additional facilities or alternative facilities on commercially reasonable terms if and when necessary. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. To the knowledge of our
management, there are no legal proceedings currently pending against us which we believe would have a material effect on our business,
financial position or results of operations and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

24 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Price
Range of Securities 

Since
December 9, 2022, our common stock has traded on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Market Group LLC s Marketplace under the symbol OLKR. 
Prior to October 2022, our common stock traded under the symbol DSRO. Prior to April 2022, our common stock traded under
the symbol WTCG. 

The
OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information
on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. The trading of securities on the OTC Pink is often
sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying and selling our shares or obtaining market quotations for them, which may have a negative
effect on the market price of our common stock. 

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated the high and low bid quotations for our common stock. These quotations represent
inter-dealer quotations, without adjustment for retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Common Stock (1) 

Low 
 High 
 
 Fiscal 2023 

First Quarter (August 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022) 
 0.3388 
 0.6853 
 
 Second Quarter (November 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023) 
 0.2924 
 0.4970 
 
 Third Quarter (February 1, 2023 to April 30, 2023) 
 0.2897 
 0.6280 
 
 Fourth Quarter (May 1, 2023 to July 31, 2023) 
 0.2460 
 0.3961 

Fiscal 2024 

First Quarter (August 1, 2023 to October 31, 2023) 
 0.2000 
 0.3906 
 
 Second Quarter (November 1, 2023 to January 31, 2024) 
 0.1100 
 0.2699 
 
 Third Quarter (February 1, 2024 to April 30, 2024) 
 0.1040 
 0.3825 
 
 Fourth Quarter (May 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024) 
 0.1061 
 0.2900 

On
November 26, 2024, the closing price of our common stock was 0.08. As of November 27, 2024, we had 43,942,924 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. 

Holders 

As
of November 27, 2024, there were approximately 524 holders of record of our common stock. 

25 

Dividends 

The
Company has not paid any dividends on its common stock to date. The existing covenants under certain of our credit facilities also place
limits on our ability to issue dividends and repurchase stock. 

It
is the present intention of the Company to retain any earnings for use in its business operations and, accordingly, the Company does
not anticipate the board of directors declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. Consequently, you will only
realize an economic gain on your investment in our common stock if the price appreciates. You should not purchase our common stock expecting
to receive cash dividends. Since we do not anticipate paying dividends, and if we are not successful in establishing an orderly public
trading market for our shares, then you may not have any manner to liquidate or receive any payment on your investment. Therefore, our
failure to pay dividends may cause you to not see any return on your investment even if we are successful in our business operations.
In addition, because we may not pay dividends in the foreseeable future, we may have trouble raising additional funds which could affect
our ability to expand our business operations. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 9,000 shares of Series A preferred stock to certain officers and directors of
the Company for an aggregate purchase price of 6,000 (equal to a per share purchase price of 0.6666). 

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 1,425,000 shares of common stock to third parties and 1,425,000 warrants with
a term of 5 years and an exercise price of 1.00 for an aggregate purchase price of 285,000 (equal to a per unit purchase price of 0.20). 

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 125,000 shares of common stock to third parties for an aggregate purchase price
of 50,000 (equal to a per share price of 0.40). 

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 769,644 shares of common stock to third parties for services rendered. 

During
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 1,478,050 options with a 10-year term and an exercise price of 0.70. The options
vest with respect to 123,171 shares each first day of the 11 months after issuance commencing on September 1, 2022, with the remaining
123,169 options vesting the last month. 

On November 25, 2024, subsequent to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024,
the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock to a third party for an aggregate purchase price of 50,000 (equal to a per share price
of 0.10). 

The
Company believes that the issuances of the foregoing securities was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act as privately negotiated, isolated, non-recurring transactions not involving any public solicitation. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries (collectively, the Company should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to us, we, our, 
 and similar terms refer to the Company. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements, as that term is defined
in the federal securities laws, based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of a number of factors. Words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, 
 continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, 
 may, will, should, could, and similar expressions
are used to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events
and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the
accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Reference is made to Risk Factors, 
 which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

26 

Overview 

Established
on August 25, 2021, OpenLocker Inc. (the Company or OpenLocker is dedicated to offering marketing solutions
for collegiate and professional sports organizations and athletes to deepen fan engagement through innovative collectibles, membership
rewards, exclusive events and experiences. 

The
OpenLocker mission is to empower athletes by monetizing their Name, Image and Likeness NIL with autographed collectibles,
meaningful fan experiences and partnerships with local merchants, regional and national brands. 

OpenLocker
launched its first fan community at the University of Connecticut in February 2022, during the first season following the National Collegiate
Athletic Association NCAA policy change allowing student-athletes to receive compensation for their NIL. The Company
deliberately included all 14 eligible members of the men s basketball team to galvanize the fan base and name the fan community
the Bone Yard Huskyz Club (BYHC). The OpenLocker design team created the BYHC logo and Huskyz avatar to play off of the university s
Huskies mascot and to have an edgy feel. A Huskyz avatar was created in the likeness of each of the athletes and selected super fans
for branding and awareness campaigns. A website with a project roadmap outlining the perks and rewards of club membership was activated
two weeks prior to the release date, which was strategically timed around the basketball team s season schedule. A comprehensive
marketing campaign included digital programmatic advertising, organic and paid social media strategy (including pre- and post-drop Twitter
spaces conversations with fans, blockchain experts, athletes and parents of athletes), podcasts, email blasts and gorilla marketing at
several home basketball games. The OpenLocker athlete liaison also provided the athletes with graphics and talking points they could
use to leverage their social media followings and promote sales of their collectibles by word-of-mouth. 

OpenLocker
initially sold digital collectibles, also known as non-fungible tokens NFTs ), due to the popularity at the time and advantages
that blockchain technology offered for authenticating collectibles and providing utility and rewards to UConn fans. OpenLocker minted
the NFTs on the FLOW blockchain and sold them on its e-commerce platform for fiat currency to appeal to an audience unfamiliar with cryptocurrency.
A majority of the revenue from the BYHC project was generated on the first day of sales. The first two hours were the busiest as fans
were incentivized by the free autographed Platinum card that was included with purchase for the first 25 digital collectibles
sold per athlete. This unique collectible is a metal, wallet-sized card hand-signed by the athlete with the digital art printed on the
front and quick response (QR) code that directs to the boneyardhuskyzclub.com. Customer behavior and feedback confirmed that the physical
collectible was deemed to be of greater value to the majority of fans, who had little to no experience with blockchain technology. Since
then, OpenLocker has directed its efforts to marketing and selling autographed physical collectibles along with community membership
rewards programs, events and experiences. 

Following
the success of its college fan community model, OpenLocker launched the OpenStable marketplace in April 2022 to engage the next generation
of thoroughbred racing enthusiasts. Through its relationships with owners, trainers and influencers in the racing industry, OpenStable
aimed to give fans access to exclusive information, real life experiences, and memorabilia so that they could engage in a truly immersive
journey covering a racehorse s career. By offering both autographed physical collectibles and ownership of digital collectibles
which unlocked rewards and experiences, both in the virtual and physical realms, OpenStable was intended to attract a younger audience
with a goal to develop the next generation of thoroughbred racing fans. 

The
Company continued to include digital collectibles with the purchase of a physical collectible featuring student-athlete NIL in the following
NCAA athletic season so it would have the option to use blockchain technology to verify ownership for its fan loyalty programs. However,
the Company has discontinued sale and distribution of digital collectibles, including NFTs, as there was little interest evidenced by
the fact that so few customers actually completed the steps required to view and claim them to a personal digital wallet. The OpenLocker
NFT viewer remains accessible so that existing owners may continue to have access to their digital collectibles while the Company focuses
on delivering physical collectibles and enhancing the fan experience by removing barriers to fan engagement. 

27 

In addition, from April
2022 through September 2022, OpenLocker offered a secondary marketplace for peer-to-peer transactions of digital collectibles, however,
no secondary sales were effectuated or attempted and as of September 2022 this secondary marketplace was discontinued. Although OpenLocker
no longer operates a trading platform, owners of issued digital collectibles may transfer their digital collectible to their personal
digital wallet and thereafter transfer such digital collectible to the wallet of their choice. 

As
of November 27, 2024 , OpenLocker has active fan communities
at University of Florida (Gataverse), Florida Atlantic University (PowerOwls Club) and Radford University (RowdyRedz) and is focusing
on building club membership rewards programs. While OpenLocker pays athletes a majority of revenue generated from sales of collectibles
containing their NIL and compensating them for social media activities and appearances, the Company retains all revenue from sales of
community-branded collectibles which do not use athlete NIL nor the marks and logos of any institution. By partnering with local businesses,
as well as regional and national brands who can offer perks and rewards to community members, OpenLocker is able to create demand and
further engage fans and the local community. 

In addition to supporting
the athletes, for each fan community, holders of issued digital collectibles and/or authenticated physical collectibles are entitled
to participate in any club membership activities, perks or benefits which the Company may offer or arrange from time to time. Such perks
or benefits may include, for example, access to community events (such as meet and greet with athletes), giveaways, and rewards based
on an athlete s performance. 

OpenLocker is also in discussions
with NIL collectives, communities focused on raising funds for school-specific NIL fundraising efforts, that are interested in offering
membership rewards programs to their target audiences. 

The Company is also in discussions
with national brands who are interested in leveraging their relationships with student-athletes to create social media influencer campaigns
and build customer loyalty programs. 

OpenLocker s current
revenue model includes (i) sales on the OpenLocker platform, (ii) sponsorship and advertising, and (iii) service fees for creative design
work, development and product fulfillment services. 

OpenLocker believes that
it has found a unique and attractive market for autographed collectibles and community rewards programs by focusing on the college athlete
market, as we believe that interest in college sports is growing. 

Principal
Products and Services 

OpenLocker aims to provide
a comprehensive suite of collectibles, products and services, adopting a hybrid flexible model creating products both licensed and non-licensed
with colleges, professional sports teams, leagues, brands, etc. 

Autographed Physical
Collectibles (Authenticated Physical Collectibles) 

The Platinum Card by OpenLocker
is a metal, wallet-sized card that has the digital art print sublimated on one side and a QR code printed on the other side which directs
to the fan community online portal. The serial number is laser engraved on the card and there is space reserved for the athlete to hand-sign. 

The Company also offers
autographed collectibles made of PVC plastic that is even more durable, making it a preferable material to carry around. 

The Platinum Card entitles
the holder to receive any perks or benefits that may be offered by OpenLocker and its brand partners. 

Gear 

OpenLocker also sells exclusive
gear, including t-shirts, sweatshirts, hats and pins, in its exclusive gear shops. 

28 

OpenLocker Marketplace 

The OpenLocker Marketplace
provides a user-friendly shopping experience for sports fans to purchase membership cards, gear and collectibles featuring their favorite
athletes for access to exclusive perks and rewards. 

Sports Branding Services 

OpenLocker also provides
branding services for individual athletes, university collectives, horse owners/trainers, and other entities interested in creating a
distinctive identity, building their fan base, and maximizing revenue. From logo creation and styling to social media messaging and activation
campaigns, OpenLocker s team can provide enhanced support to collaborating colleges and athletes. 

Plan of Operations 

Over the next 12 months,
we expect to require approximately 2,000,000 in operating funds to carry out our intended plan of operations. 

We are planning to obtain the funds necessary to
execute our plan of operations from various capital raises, including potentially through private placements or our common stock or the
issuance and sales of convertible notes, as well as potentially through a registration statement or an offering statement filed with
the SEC. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to
obtain the necessary funds for our foregoing operations on terms that are acceptable to us or at all, and there can be no assurance that
our plan of operations can be executed as planned, or at all. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Revenues 

During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023,
we generated revenues of 35,676 and 81,179, respectively. The lack of revenue was a result of an inability to execute on any business
due to limited capital and management resources. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the fiscal years ended July
31, 2024 and 2023 were 738,580 and 2,598,337, respectively. The increase in expenses was due to a rise in fixed general administrative
expenses and increased research and development. 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations for the fiscal years ended July
31, 2024 and 2023 was 704,412 and 2,549,810, respectively. The increase in expenses was due to a rise in fixed general administrative
expenses and increased research and development. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024
and 2023 was 778,196 and 7,425,932, respectively. The increase in expenses was due to impairment of investment, impairment of intangible
assets, impairment of goodwill, and a rise in fixed general administrative expenses and increased research and development. 

There is significant uncertainty projecting future
profitability due to our history of losses and lack of revenues. In our current state, we have no recurring or guaranteed source of revenues
and cannot predict when, if ever, we will become profitable. There is significant uncertainty projecting future profitability due to
our minimal operating history and lack of guaranteed ongoing revenue streams. 

29 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of July 31, 2024, we had 4,770 in cash, 0 in
accounts receivable, and did not have any other cash equivalents. The following table provides detailed information about our net cash
flow for all financial statement periods presented in this Annual Report. To date, we have financed our operations through the issuance
of stock and borrowings. 

The following table sets forth a summary of our cash
flows for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023: 

Fiscal Year Ended
 July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (340,769 
 (978,976 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 330,000 
 387,380 
 
 Net decrease in cash 
 (10,769 
 (591,596 
 
 Cash, beginning of year 
 15,539 
 607,135 
 
 Cash, end of year 
 4,770 
 15,539 

Since inception, we have financed our cash flow requirements
through issuance of common stock and debt financing. As we expand our activities, we may, and most likely will, continue to experience
net negative cash flows from operations. We anticipate obtaining additional financing to fund operations through additional common stock
offerings, to the extent available, or to obtain additional financing to the extent necessary to augment our working capital. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
in the next twelve months. Our lack of operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain. Our prospects
must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development,
particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable
business model and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, obtain a customer base, implement and
successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, continually develop and upgrade our website, provide national and regional
industry participants with an effective, efficient and accessible website on which to promote their products and services through the
Internet, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations or financial condition. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with
U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Going Concern and Management s Plans 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal
course of business. 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, the Company had: 

Net loss of 778,196; and 

Net cash used in operations of 340,769. 

30 

Additionally, at July 31, 2024, the Company had: 

Accumulated deficit of 10,912,283; 

Stockholders deficit of 463,044; and 

Working capital of (463,044). 

We manage liquidity risk by reviewing, on an ongoing
basis, our sources of liquidity and capital requirements. The Company has cash on hand of 4,770 at July 31, 2024. Although the Company
intends to raise additional debt or equity capital, the Company expects to continue to incur significant losses from operations and have
negative cash flows from operating activities for the near-term. These losses could be significant as operations ramp up along with continuing
expenses related to compensation, professional fees, and regulatory are incurred. 

The Company has incurred significant losses since
its inception and has not demonstrated an ability to generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitable operations. There can be no assurance
that profitable operations will ever be achieved, or if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. In making this assessment,
we performed a comprehensive analysis of our current circumstances, including our financial position, our cash flows and cash usage forecasts
for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, and our current capital structure including equity-based instruments and our obligations and
debts. 

The Company has satisfied its obligations from the
issuance of common stock; however, there is no assurance that such successful efforts will continue during the twelve months subsequent
to the date these consolidated financial statements are issued. 

If the Company does not obtain additional capital,
the Company will be required to reduce the scope of its business development activities or cease operations. The Company continues to
explore obtaining additional capital financing and the Company is closely monitoring its cash balances, cash needs, and expense levels. 

These factors create substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern within the twelve-month period subsequent to the date that these consolidated
financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the
Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that
assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Management s strategic plans include the following: 

Pursuing additional capital raising opportunities, 

Continuing to explore and execute prospective partnering or distribution
 opportunities 

Identifying strategic acquisitions; and 

Identifying unique market opportunities that represent potential positive
 short-term cash flow. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated. 

Use of Estimates 

Preparing financial statements in conformity with
U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates, and those estimates may be material. 

31 

Goodwill and Impairment 

In financial reporting, goodwill is not amortized,
but is tested for impairment annually (July 31) or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. Events that result in an impairment review include significant changes in the business climate, declines in our operating
results, or an expectation that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We assess potential impairment by considering present economic
conditions as well as future expectations. All assessments of goodwill impairment are conducted at the individual reporting unit level. 

The Company uses qualitative factors according to
the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350-20-35-3
to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying amount. 

There were no impairment losses recorded during the
year ended July 31, 2024. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
determined that given various negative financial indicators (quantitative and qualitative), goodwill of 2,943,874 was fully impaired
and recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Intangible Assets and Impairment 

Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on
a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually. The
Company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

There were no impairment losses recorded during the
year ended July 31, 2024. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
determined that given various negative financial indicators (quantitative and qualitative), intangible assets (net of amortization) of
 1,916,270 was fully impaired and recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. See
Note 7. 

Revenue Recognition 

OpenLocker generates revenue from two main
sources, our collectibles and sponsorship revenues. 

Revenue is recognized in accordance with
ASC No. 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The Company recognizes revenue when its performance obligations are
complete, which occurs at a point in time related to the transfer of a digital access pass or sale of a sponsorship to its customer (final
or ultimate end-user purchaser/collector). Currently, all revenue streams contain a single performance obligation. There are no penalties
for contract termination by either party. 

Collectibles 

All payments are received from third-party
payment processing providers. The Company receives payments from sales on its primary marketplace (Shopify site) as well as two other
sources. Each of these sources of payment relate to the completion of a single performance obligation completed at a point in time, which
occurs upon the transfer of a digital access pass and where no further performance obligations are required. At the point of sale, the
Company grants all rights in the intellectual property to the customer. 

Payments from customers (all paid in
cash) are received as follows: 

Shopify
 payouts from credit/debit cards transactions typically occur 2-3 days after date of sale;
 and 

PayPal
 payments are received same day 

Shipping fees collected from customers for physical
collectibles are included with revenues received from Shopify payouts. Prior to the product shipping, any amounts received in advance
are accounted for as contract liabilities (deferred revenue). 

32 

The Company controls the collectibles via digital
access pass prior to a sale and acts as the principal in these transactions. 

Sponsorships 

The Company generates revenues from sponsorship arrangements,
in which the customer sponsors an athlete, event or sports team. In exchange for the sponsorship, the customer receives specified brand
recognition and other benefits over a set period of time and will recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the time period specified
in the contract. Related performance obligations for sponsorship arrangements are recognized ratably over this period of time. 

The excess of amounts contractually due over the
amounts of sponsorship revenue recognized are included on the consolidated balance sheets as contract liabilities (deferred
revenues). Contractually due, but unpaid sponsorship revenue is included in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had contract
liabilities of 0 and 10,050, respectively. 

For the year ended
July 31, 2024, the Company recognized 10,050 of sponsorship revenues from one and zero customers, respectively .
For the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recognized 25,450 of sponsorship revenues from three customers. 

The following represents the Company s disaggregation
of revenues for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023: 

Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenue 
 of Revenues 
 Revenue 
 of Revenues 
 
 Collectibles 
 10,626 
 30 
 55,729 
 69 
 
 Sponsorship 
 25,050 
 70 
 25,450 
 31 
 
 Total Revenues 
 35,676 
 100 
 81,179 
 100 

Software Development Costs 

Internal-use software development
costs are accounted for in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software . The costs incurred in the preliminary stages
of development are expensed as research and development costs as incurred. 

Once an application has reached the development
stage, internal and external costs incurred to develop internal-use software are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over
the estimated useful life of the software (typically three to five years). 

Maintenance and enhancement costs, including
those costs in the post-implementation stages, are typically expensed as incurred, unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades and
enhancements to the software that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful life of the software. 

The Company reviews the carrying value
for impairment whenever facts and circumstances exist that would suggest that assets might be impaired or that the useful lives should
be modified. Amortization expense related to capitalized internal-use software development costs will be included in cost of goods sold
in the statements of operations. 

For the years ended July 31, 2024
and 2023, the Company expensed 19,310 and 247,181, respectively, in software development costs. 

33 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference is made to
Pages F-1 through F-31 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2024. Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer concluded that, as of July 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further,
the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if
any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting 

Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024. Our management s
evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework,
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that
as of July 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

34 

The ineffectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting was due to material weaknesses that we identified in our internal control over financial reporting, including a lack
of formal documentation of controls and processes, a lack of segregation of duties, and a lack of formal review process. A material weakness
is a deficiency or a combination of control deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. We expect to address the material weakness by hiring additional qualified members of management. Management believes that the
material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our Company s financial results. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the three months ended July 31, 2024, there
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Set forth below is certain information concerning
the directors and executive officers of the Company. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Howard Gostfrand 
 56 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Laura Anthony 
 58 
 President, Secretary and Chairperson of the Board 
 
 Brian Klatsky 
 53 
 Director and President of OpenLocker 
 
 Lauren Klatsky 
 50 
 Chief Operating Officer of OpenLocker 

Howard Gostfrand.
 Mr. Gostfrand has been involved in the financial industry for over 28 years. Mr. Gostfrand formed ACV in 1999. As President and
Founder of ACV, Mr. Gostfrand has worked closely with hundreds of public companies of various market capitalizations and diversified
industries both domestic and international. His experience lies in consulting and guiding small-cap and middle market companies through
implemented corporate strategy, investor outreach and financial marketing initiatives. Prior to founding ACV, he was a retail stockbroker
focused on small-cap companies, having worked in New York City and South Florida. 

ACV is an investor relations
and consulting firm focused on assisting small public companies with their approach to the investment community. ACV has represented
over 150 companies in diverse industries from all over the country as well as internationally. Mr. Gostfrand has worked closely with
management teams and understands the challenges associated with being a small and micro-cap company. Mr. Gostfrand has no intention of
acting as the investor relations representative for any entity the Company may complete a transaction with. Rather, his years of experience
working with small public companies makes him highly qualified to act as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

Mr. Gostfrand is also an
owner and managing member of A.G. Capital Advisors, LLC AG Capital ), a consulting and advisory firm for small and middle
market private and public companies. 

Mr. Gostfrand received a
B.S. degree in Marketing Management from Boston University. 

35 

Laura Anthony. Ms.
Anthony is the founding partner of Anthony L.G., PLLC, which she founded in 2001, a corporate, securities and business transactions law
firm, and has been practicing law since 1993. Ms. Anthony provides corporate counsel to small-cap and middle-market private and public
companies. For 29 years, Ms. Anthony has served clients in areas including but not limited to compliance with Securities Act offer, sale
and registration requirements, including private and public offerings; initial public offerings; follow-on offerings and PIPE transactions;
compliance with NASDAQ and NYSE American initial and continued listing requirements; compliance with the initial quotation and maintenance
of standards for the OTCQB and OTCQX; working with foreign private issuers; Regulation A/A+ offerings; compliance with the registration
and reporting requirements under the Exchange Act; mergers and acquisitions; and general contract and business transactions. Ms. Anthony
served on the board of directors of Aditx, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADTX), a biotechnology company, from July 2020 through December 2021. 

Ms. Anthony is also an owner
and managing member of AG Capital. 

Ms. Anthony received a B.A.
degree in International Economics from Florida Atlantic University and a Juris Doctorate from Florida State University. 

Brian Klatsky. Mr.
Klatsky is the President and Founder of OpenLocker. He founded OpenLocker in August 2021 to assist student-athletes monetize their Name,
Image, and Likeness with blockchain technology. He also heads the OpenStable division which connects thoroughbred racing fans with their
favorite horses with NFTs. 

Mr. Klatsky is a successful
serial entrepreneur with more than 26 years of experience. He currently serves as a registered investment advisor at Gold Coast Wealth
Management since 2017. Prior to GCWM, Mr. Klatsky spent 19 years at KCG (formerly Knight Capital). He served as head of NASDAQ cash trading
and the deputy global head of cash trading. During his tenure at KCG, Mr. Klatsky managed firm capital and inventory in domestic and
international equities for short term and long-term trading portfolios. He specialized in finding value in small cap names that lacked
analyst and institutional coverage. Other responsibilities included developing and optimizing an electronic trading environment to provide
world class customer service and enhanced liquidity to hundreds of broker dealer and institutional clients. Over the course of his career,
he successfully managed over 300 traders and sales traders, client relationships, and firm capital through volatile market conditions
and cycles. 

Mr. Klatsky received his
MBA from the University of Florida s Hough Graduate School of Business with a global finance specialization from the Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology. He obtained his B.S. with a major in Business from Skidmore College where he played college basketball. 

He is the founder of Team
Rio University (TRU). TRU is a non-profit grassroots basketball program in partnership with the Mario V. Chalmers Foundation and I m
Possible Training. TRU has grown into a nationally recognized Under Armour sponsored program responsible for skill development, life
mentoring, academic/college placement assistance, and elite competition for middle school and high school student athletes. Brian is
also a Founding Partner of BBN Racing. 

Mr. Klatsky joined the Company s
board of directors on May 31, 2022. 

Lauren Klatsky. 
Ms. Klatsky is the Chief Operating Officer of OpenLocker and has held this position since September 2021. She is also Customer Relationship
Manager for I m Possible Northeast Skill Lab . Prior to that she was Director of Global Skill Labs where she developed
and implemented a facility licensing program for two years. Other responsibilities included marketing, brand strategy, contract negotiation
and conference management. Over the course of her career, Ms. Klatsky has served as a Marketing PR specialist for Whole Foods Market
and Ming East West. She also owned and operated a boutique Pilates studio for four years, specializing in private training and self-myofascial
release techniques. 

Ms. Klatsky received her
M.S. in physics from the University of California, Los Angeles and obtained a B.S. in physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
along with a minor in Science, Technology Society. She also holds an A.O.S degree in Culinary Arts from the Culinary Institute
of America. She is a volunteer coach for Girls on the Run in Central New Jersey. 

36 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No executive officer, member of the board of directors
or control person of our Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Corporate Governance 

Committees 

We do not have a standing
nominating, compensation or audit committee. Rather, our full board of directors performs the functions of these committees. We do not
believe it is necessary for our board of directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that come before our board
of directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be involved in all decision
making. Additionally, because our common stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange, we are not required
to have such committees. 

Director Independence Stockholder Director
Nominee Recommendations 

We have no independent directors, as such term is
defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market, at this time. The Company is not quoted on any exchange that requires director
independence requirements. We do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates that may be recommended by
our stockholders, including the minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor have our officers and directors established a process
for identifying and evaluating director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation
of director candidates by our stockholders, including the procedures to be followed. Our officers and directors have not considered or
adopted any of these policies as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our board
of directors. 

Given our relative size and lack of directors 
and officers insurance coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near
future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all current members
of our board will participate in the consideration of director nominees. 

Until such time as our Company further develops our
business, achieves a stronger revenue base and has sufficient working capital to purchase directors and officers insurance,
we do not have any immediate prospects to attract independent directors. When we are able to expand our board to include one or more
independent directors, we intend to establish an audit committee of our board of directors. It is our intention that one or more of these
independent directors will also qualify as an audit committee financial expert. Our securities are not quoted on an exchange that has
requirements that a majority of our board members be independent and we are not currently otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation
requiring that all or any portion of our board of directors include independent directors, nor are we required to establish
or maintain an audit committee or other committee of our board. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted
a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting.
We expect that we will adopt a code of ethics in the near future. 

Family Relationships 

Brian Klatsky and Lauren
Klatsky are siblings. Other than the foregoing, there are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 

The following table summarizes all compensation recorded
by us in the past two fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 for: 

our principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar
 capacity during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, and 

our two most highly compensated executive officers, other than our
 principal executive officer, who were serving as corporate officers at July 31, 2024. 

37 

For definitional purposes, these individuals are
sometimes referred to as the named executive officers. 

2024 Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 Fiscal
 Year Ended 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Howard Gostfrand, 
 7/31/2024 

Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 7/31/2023 

Laura Anthony, 
 7/31/2024 

President 
 7/31/2023 

Brian Klatsky, 
 7/31/2024 

President of OpenLocker, Inc. 
 7/31/2023 

Employment Agreements 

None. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As of July 31, 2024, there were no outstanding options,
warrants or equity awards. 

Compensation Plans 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company reserved 750,000
shares of Company common stock for issuance to OpenLocker employees as options, restricted stock or similar incentive compensation, as
may be determined by the Board. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Our Board determines the compensation given to our
executive officers in its sole determination. Our Board reserves the right to pay our executives or any future executives a salary, and/or
issue them shares of stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance,
as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation
to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally,
the Board reserves the right to grant performance base stock options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such
grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive Bonus 

The Board may grant incentive bonuses to our executive
officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board believes such bonuses are in the Company s best
interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue and profits we are able to generate
each month, both of which are a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-Term, Stock Based Compensation 

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive
talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executives and any future executives with
long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board, which we do not currently have any immediate
plans to award. 

38 

Director Compensation 

Historically, the Company s directors have
not received compensation for their service. In the future, we expect that a board committee will review and make recommendations to
the board regarding compensation of directors, including equity-based plans. We will reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable
travel expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings. We also intend to allow our non-employee directors to participate
in any equity compensation plans that we adopt in the future. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November 27, 2024 by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner
 of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our current named
 executive officers and directors that beneficially own shares of our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Information with respect to beneficial ownership
has been furnished by each director, named executive officer or 5 or more stockholder, as the case may be. Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent
 of Outstanding Common Stock (2) 
 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers: 

Howard
 Gostfrand 
 20,822,500 (3) 
 32.18 
 
 Laura
 Anthony 
 20,822,500 (4) 
 32.18 
 
 Brian
 Klatsky 
 16,822,113 (5) 
 29.60 
 
 All
 directors and officers as a group (4 persons) 
 62,667,113 (6) 
 61.38 

5 
 Stockholders: 

Balance
 Labs, Inc. 
 7,243,129 (7) 
 16.48 
 
 Abby
 Klatsky 
 3,927,113 
 8.94 
 
 Brendan
 O Brien 
 3,927,113 
 8.94 

(1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5
of the Exchange Act, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a stockholder has sole or shared voting power or investment
power, and also any shares which the stockholder has the right to acquire within 60 days, including upon exercise of common shares purchase
options or warrants. 

(2) Based on 43,942,924 shares of the Company s
common stock and 58,415 shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding as of November 27, 2024. Each share of Series A preferred
stock is convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock, at the election of the holder, at any time. On any matter submitted to the holders
of common stock for a vote or on which the holders of common stock have a right to vote, each share of Series A preferred stock will
have a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which the Series A preferred stock is convertible, but without
conversion being required in connection therewith. Accordingly, each share of Series A preferred stock has 1,000 votes. The Series A
preferred stock votes together with the common stock as one class. 

39 

(3) Represents 62,500 shares of common stock and
20,760 shares of Series A preferred stock held by American Capital Ventures, Inc. Each share of Series A preferred stock is convertible into 1,000 shares
of common stock, at the election of the holder, at any time. Howard Gostfrand is the President of American Capital
Ventures, Inc., and has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by American Capital Ventures, Inc. 

(4) Represents 62,500 shares of common stock and
20,760 shares of Series A preferred stock held by Leone Group LLC. Each share of Series A preferred stock is convertible into 1,000 shares
of common stock, at the election of the holder, at any time. Laura Anthony is the Managing Member of Leone Group LLC and has voting and
dispositive power over the shares held by Leone Group, LLC. 

(5) Represents 3,927,113 shares of common stock and
12,895 shares of Series A preferred stock held by Mr. Klatsky. Each share of Series A preferred stock is convertible into 1,000 shares
of common stock, at the election of the holder, at any time. 

(6) Represents shares held by Mr. Gostfrand, Ms.
Anthony, Mr. Klatsky and Ms. Klatsky. Represents 4,252,113 shares of common stock, 58,415 shares of Series A preferred stock, and a vested
stock option to purchase 411,907 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.12 per share. Each share of Series
A preferred stock is convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock, at the election of the holder, at any time. 

(7) Represents shares held by Balance Labs, Inc. Michael D. Farkas is the beneficial
holder of approximately 59.9 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Balance Labs, Inc, holding 11,888,889, 1,400 and 1,098,526
shares of common stock of Balance Labs, Inc. through Balance Holdings, LLC, Shilo Security Solutions, Inc., and Shilo Holding Group LLC,
respectively, as of March 7, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The table below sets forth information as of July
31, 2024. 

Plan Category 
 Number
 of securities
 to be issued
 upon exercise
 of outstanding options,
 warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise
 price of
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding
 securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors must review and approve any
related person transaction we propose to enter into. Any potential related party transaction that is brought to the Board s attention
will be analyzed by the Board, in consultation with outside counsel or members of management, as appropriate, to determine whether the
transaction or relationship does, in fact, constitute a related party transaction. At its meetings, the Board of Directors will be provided
with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, the business purpose
of the transaction and the benefits to us and to the relevant related party. 

40 

In determining whether to approve a related party
transaction, the Board of Directors must consider, among other factors, the following factors to the extent relevant: 

whether the terms of the transaction are fair to us and on the same
 basis as would apply if the transaction did not involve a related party; 

whether there are business reasons for us to enter into the transaction; 

whether the transaction would impair the independence of an outside
 director; and 

whether the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest
 for any director or executive officer. 

Any member of the Board of Directors who has an interest
in the transaction under discussion must abstain from any voting regarding the transaction, but may, if so requested by the remaining
members of the Board of Directors, participate in some or all of the Board s discussions of the transaction. Upon completion of
its review of the transaction, the Board of Directors may determine to permit or to prohibit the transaction. 

In connection with the acquisition of OpenLocker
on May 31, 2022, the Company acquired an existing right-of-use operating lease for office space. The lease is for an initial term of
two years at 500 per month. The lease does not contain any renewal options. During the period September 1, 2021 through May 31, 2022,
no rent was due. The Company is required to pay a total of 7,500 over a 15 month period from June 1, 2022 through August 31, 2023. The
Company is leasing the office space from a family member of OpenLocker s Chief Executive Officer. In Sept 2023, the lease was renewed
on a month to month basis under the same terms. 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
issued 135,450 shares of common stock, having a fair value of 106,274 0.70 - 0.87/share), based upon the quoted closing trading price,
in connection with the conversion of notes payable and related accrued interest totaling 54,180, resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment
of 52,094. See Notes 4 and 5. 

Certain debt holders forgave notes payable and related
accrued interest totaling 155,743 (principal of 112,167 and accrued interest of 43,576). The Company recorded an increase to additional
paid in capital related to the debt forgiveness. 

Note Payable 
 
 Note Payable 
 
 Note Payable 

Terms 
 Related Parties 
 
 Related Party 
 
 Related Party 

Issuance date of notes 
 Prior
 to 2018 
 
 June
 29, 2021 
 
 July
 9, 2021 

Maturity date 
 Due
 on demand 
 
 June
 28, 2022 
 A 
 June
 28, 2022 
 A 

Interest rate 
 12 
 
 12 
 
 12 

Collateral 
 Unsecured

Unsecured

Unsecured

Total

Principal 
 112,167 
 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 
 
 162,167 

Balance - July 31, 2020 
 112,167 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 112,167 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of notes 
 - 
 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 
 
 50,000 
 
 Balance - July 31, 2021 
 112,167 
 
 25,000 
 
 25,000 
 
 162,167 
 
 Forgiveness of note payable 
 (112,167 
 B 
 - 
 
 - 

 (112,167) 
 
 Stock issued in conversion of note payable 

(25,000 
 C 
 (25,000 
 C 
 (50,000 
 
 Balance - July 31, 2022 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

A Due on the earlier of June 28, 2022, or
the date which the Company raises at least 200,000 from investors. 

41 

B These notes were forgiven by the debt holders
in February 2022. Total principal and accrued interest totaled 155,743. Since these transactions occurred with related parties, gain
on debt forgiveness was recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital. See Note 5. 

C The Company issued 135,450 shares of common
stock, having a fair value of 106,274, to settle the outstanding principal and related accrued interest of 54,180 on these notes payable
- related parties, resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment of 52,094. See Note 5. 

In January 2022, the Company issued 88,800 shares
of Series A preferred stock to ACV in exchange for 88,800,191 shares of common stock, having a fair value of 8,880 0.0001/share). 

In January 2022, the Company issued 88,800 shares
of Series A preferred stock to Leone in exchange for 88,800,191 shares of common stock, having a fair value of 8,880 0.0001/share). 

Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the Company executed
notes payable with certain officers and directors for 80,000 40,000 each for ACV and Leone). The notes bear interest at 10 and are
due August 2024 . 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The aggregate fees billed by Hudgens CPA, PLLC, our
independent registered public accounting firm Hudgens ), for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 for: 

Professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
 audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q Audit
 Fees 

Assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are
 reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements and not reportable under Audit Fees (the
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax compliance, advice, and planning Tax Fees and 

Other products or services provided Other Fees 

were as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended
 July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 40,000 
 34,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees (1) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 40,000 
 34,000 

Our Board of Directors has determined that the services
provided by Hudgens are compatible with maintaining the independence of the auditor as our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

The Board of Directors reviews and approves the audit
and non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm during the year, considers the effect that
performing those services might have on audit independence and approves management s engagement of our independent registered public
accounting firm to perform those services. 

42 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements of the registrant and subsidiaries,
 together with the report thereon of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, are included beginning on
 page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedules 

All financial statements schedules are omitted because they are not
 applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and
 notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit
No. 
 
 Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated June 15, 2021 by and between the Company, KryptoBank Co., the KryptoBank Shareholders, and Aleksandr Rubin as the representative of the KryptoBank Stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment and Acknowledgement Pursuant to Share Exchange Agreement by and between the Company, KryptoBank Co., the KryptoBank Shareholders, and Aleksandr Rubin as the representative of the KryptoBank Stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on December 18, 2020). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Rested Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on February 4, 2021). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 14, 2022). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated December 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 8, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities Exchange Agreement dated July 13, 2021 between W Technologies, Inc. and Mid Atlantic Capital Associates, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Redemption Agreement dated as of November 18, 2021 by and between the registrant, Balance Labs, Inc., Lyons Capital, LLC, Jessica Beren, 2018 Investor Trust, Aros, LLC, Rachel Jacobs and Avon Road Associates, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated as of November 18, 2021 by and between the registrant and Mid Atlantic Capital Associates, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated as of November 18, 2021 by and between the registrant and Leone Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2021). 

43 

10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated as of November 18, 2021 by and between the registrant and American Capital Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2022, by and between the registrant and American Capital Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 14, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2022, by and between the registrant and Leone Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 14, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Redemption Agreement (Common Stock) dated as of February 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Redemption Agreement (Series A Preferred Stock) dated as of February 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, by and among Descrypto Holdings, Inc., OpenLocker Inc., the stockholders of OpenLocker Inc. party thereto and Brian Klatsky as the stockholders representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Series A Preferred Stock) dated as of October 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2022). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2022, by and between Brian Klatsky and the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2023). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2022, by and between Lauren Klatsky and the registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2023). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

November 27, 2024 
 OPENLOCKER HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Howard Gostfrand 

Name: 
 Howard Gostfrand 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Howard Gostfrand 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 
 
 Howard Gostfrand 
 
 (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Laura Anthony 
 
 President and Chairperson of the Board 
 
 November 27, 2024 
 
 Laura Anthony 

/s/ Brain Klatsky 
 
 Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 
 
 Brian Klatsky 

45 

OpenLocker
 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended July 31, 2024 the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended July 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 1.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We have
determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 www.hudgenscpas.com 

 we
have served as the Company s auditor since 2024 

Firm
ID: 6849 

 November
27, 2024 

F- 2 

OpenLocker
 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

July
 31, 2024 
 July
 31, 2023 

Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 

Website
 - net 
 - 

Operating
 lease - right-of-use asset - related party 
 - 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Deficit 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 revenue 
 - 

Operating
 lease liability - related party 
 - 

Notes
 payable - net 
 
 - 
 
 Notes
 payable - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Notes
 payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Current Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Series
 A, convertible preferred stock - par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common
 stock - par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Deficit 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

F- 3 

OpenLocker
 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2024 
 2023 

For
 the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Collectibles 

Sponsorships 

Total
 revenues 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Gross
 profit 
 # 

Operating
 expenses 

Software
 development 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Total
 operating expenses 

Income
 (loss) from operations 

Other
 expense 

Amortization
 of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment
 expense 
 - 

Impairment
 of intangible assets 
 - 

Impairment
 of goodwill 
 - 

Loss
 on debt extinguishment - related parties 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expense 

Total
 other expense 

Net
 loss 

Loss
 per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

F- 4 

OpenLocker
 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For the Year Ended July
31, 2024 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Series
 A, Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

July
 31, 2023 

Stock
 issued as debt discount 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock
 issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Recognition
 of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

July
 31, 2024 

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For the Year Ended July
31, 2023 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Series
 A, Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity
 (Deficit) 

July
 31, 2022 

Balance 

Stock
 issued for cash - preferred stock - related parties 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 issued for cash - common stock and warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock
 issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Recognition
 of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Contributed
 capital - related parties 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

July
 31, 2023 

Balance 

F- 5 

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2024 
 2023 

For
 the Years Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating
 activities 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations 

Amortization
 - intangible asset (intellectual property) 
 - 

Amortization
 - website 

Amortization
 of operating lease right-of-use asset - related party 

Amortization
 of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment
 of investment 
 - 

Impairment
 of intangible assets 
 - 

Impairment
 of goodwill 
 - 

Recognition
 of stock-based compensation 

Stock
 issued for services 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase)
 decrease in 

Accounts
 receivable 

Increase
 (decrease) in 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 revenue 

Operating
 lease liability - related party 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Financing
 activities 

Proceeds
 from issuance of notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of notes payable - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Stock
 issued for cash - preferred stock - related parties 
 - 

Stock
 issued for cash - common stock 
 - 

Contributed
 capital - related parties 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 decrease in cash 

Cash
 - beginning of year 

Cash
 - end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash
 paid for interest 
 - 

Cash
 paid for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Stock
 issued as debt discount 
 
 - 

F- 6 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Descrypto,
 Inc. 

Descrypto
 Studio, LLC 

Open
 Locker, Inc. OL 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Going
Concern and Management s Plans 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, for the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company had: 

Net
 loss of ; and 

Net
 cash used in operations of 

Additionally,
at July 31, 2024, the Company had: 

Accumulated
 deficit of 

Stockholders 
 deficit of ; and 

Working
 capital deficit of 

We
manage liquidity risk by reviewing, on an ongoing basis, our sources of liquidity and capital requirements. The Company had cash on hand
of at July 31, 2024. Although the Company intends to raise additional debt or equity capital, the Company expects to continue
to incur significant losses from operations and have negative cash flows from operating activities for the near-term. These losses could
be significant as operations ramp up along with continuing expenses related to compensation, professional fees, and regulatory are incurred. 

The
Company has incurred significant losses since its inception and has not demonstrated an ability to generate sufficient revenues to achieve
profitable operations. There can be no assurance that profitable operations will ever be achieved, or if achieved, could be sustained
on a continuing basis. In making this assessment we performed a comprehensive analysis of our current circumstances including: our financial
position, our cash flows and cash usage forecasts for the twelve months ended July 31, 2025, and our current capital structure including
equity-based instruments and our obligations and debts. 

The
Company has satisfied its obligations from the issuance of common stock and notes payable; however, there is no assurance that such successful
efforts will continue during the twelve months subsequent to the date these consolidated financial statements are issued. 

If
the Company does not obtain additional capital (debt and/or equity based financing), the Company will be required to reduce the scope
of its business development activities or cease operations. The Company continues to explore obtaining additional capital financing and
the Company is closely monitoring its cash balances, cash needs, and expense levels. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

These
factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within the twelve-month period subsequent
to the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Management s
strategic plans include the following: 

Pursuing
 additional capital raising opportunities; 

Continuing
 to explore and execute prospective partnering or distribution opportunities 

Identifying
 strategic acquisitions; and 

Identifying
 unique market opportunities that represent potential positive short-term cash flow. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

The
determination of fair value and the assessment of a measurement s placement within the hierarchy requires judgment. Level 3 valuations
often involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity. Level 3 valuations may require the use of various cost, market, or income valuation
methodologies applied to unobservable management estimates and assumptions. Management s assumptions could vary depending on the
asset or liability valued and the valuation method used. Such assumptions could include estimates of prices, earnings, costs, actions
of market participants, market factors, or the weighting of various valuation methods. The Company may also engage external advisors
to assist us in determining fair value, as appropriate. 

Although
the Company believes that the recorded fair value of our financial instruments is appropriate, these fair values may not be indicative
of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. 

The
Company s financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses 
related parties, notes payable and notes payable related parties are carried at historical cost. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
the carrying amounts of these instruments approximated their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

ASC
825-10 Financial Instruments allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities
at fair value fair value option ). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable
unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument
should be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding
financial instruments. 

. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not experience
any losses on cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits. 

OPENLOCKER
 HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

was fully impaired and recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. 

was fully impaired and recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the
consolidated statements of operations. See Note 7. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

impairments recorded during the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

impairments recorded during the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

OPENLOCKER
 HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Our
leases, where we are the lessee, do not include an option to extend the lease term. Our lease does not include an option to terminate
the lease prior to the end of the agreed upon lease term. For purposes of calculating lease liabilities, lease term would include options
to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. 

Lease
expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an operating expense, included as a component
of general and administrative expenses, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Certain
operating leases provide for annual increases to lease payments based on an index or rate, our lease has no stated increase, payments
were fixed at lease inception. We calculate the present value of future lease payments based on the index or rate at the lease commencement
date. Differences between the calculated lease payment and actual payment are expensed as incurred. 

See
Note 10. 

OPENLOCKER
 HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Payments
from customers (all paid in cash) are received as follows: 

Shopify
 payouts from credit/debit cards transactions typically occur 2-3 days after date of sale;
 and 

PayPal
 payments are received same day 

Shipping
fees collected from customers for physical collectibles are included with revenues received from Shopify payouts. Prior to the product
shipping, any amounts received in advance are accounted for as contract liabilities (deferred revenue). 

The
Company controls the collectibles via digital access pass prior to a sale and acts as the principal in these transactions. 

Sponsorships 

The
Company generates revenues from sponsorship arrangements, in which the customer sponsors an athlete, event or sports team. In exchange
for the sponsorship, the customer receives specified brand recognition and other benefits over a set period of time and will recognize
revenue on a straight-line basis over the time period specified in the contract. Related performance obligations for sponsorship arrangements
are recognized ratably over this period of time. 

The
excess of amounts contractually due over the amounts of sponsorship revenue recognized are included on the consolidated balance sheets
as contract liabilities (deferred revenues). Contractually due, but unpaid sponsorship revenue is included in accounts receivable on
the consolidated balance sheets. 

At
July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had contract liabilities of and , respectively. 

For
the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company recognized of sponsorship revenues from one and zero customers, respectively. 

For
the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recognized , of sponsorship revenues from three customers. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Sponsorship 

Total Revenues 

). 

Maintenance
and enhancement costs, including those costs in the post-implementation stages, are typically expensed as incurred, unless such costs
relate to substantial upgrades and enhancements to the software that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized
and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software. 

The
Company reviews the carrying value for impairment whenever facts and circumstances exist that would suggest that assets might be impaired
or that the useful lives should be modified. Amortization expense related to capitalized internal-use software development costs will
be included in cost of goods sold in the statements of operations. 

For
the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company expensed and , respectively, in software development costs. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

and , respectively,
in marketing and advertising costs. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

When
determining fair value of stock options, the Company considers the following assumptions in the Black-Scholes model: 

Exercise
 price 

Expected
 dividends 

Expected
 volatility 

Risk-free
 interest rate; and 

Expected
 life of option 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Series A, convertible preferred stock to into common stock) 

Stock options (exercise prices - /share) 

Warrants (exercise price /share) 

Total common stock equivalents 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Accumulated amortization 

Website - net 
 - 

Amortization
expense for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

These
amounts are included as a component of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

- 

- 
 1 

- 
 2 

- 
 3 

- 

Less: unamortized debt discount 
 
 - 

Notes payable - net 
 
 - 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

1 note, the Company also issued shares of common stock. The issuance of the common stock was
considered a debt discount. The fair value of the common stock was , based upon the quoted trading price /share) and is
being amortized over the life of the note. 

2 note, the Company also issued shares of common stock. The issuance of the common stock was
considered a debt discount. The fair value of the common stock was , based upon the quoted trading price /share) and is
being amortized over the life of the note. 

3 note, the Company also issued shares of common stock. The issuance of the common stock was
considered a debt discount. The fair value of the common stock was , based upon the quoted trading price /share) and is
being amortized over the life of the note. 

See
Note 6. 

Stock issued as debt discount 

Amortization of debt discount 

Balance - July 31, 2024 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Chief Executive Officer/Director 
 
 - 

President/Director 
 
 - 

- 

Balance - July 31, 2024 

shares authorized 

- 
 
 and issued and outstanding, respectively 

- 
 Par
 value - 

- 

Series
A, Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 
 
 shares authorized 

- 
 
 and issued and outstanding, respectively 

- 
 Par
 value - 

- 
 Conversion
 ratio share of Series A converts into shares of common stock and shares, respectively) 

- 

- 
 Eligible
 for dividends/distributions if declared by the Board of Directors 

- 
 Liquidation
 preference - 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Equity
Transactions for the Year ended July 31, 2024 

Stock
Issued for Debt Discount 

The
Company issued shares of common stock as a debt discount, having a fair value of . See Note 4. 

Stock
Issued for Services 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered, having a fair value of - /share), based upon
the quoted closing trading price. 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended July 31, 2023 

Stock
Issued for Cash Related Parties 

The
Company issued shares of preferred stock to certain officers and directors for /share). 

Stock
Issued for Cash 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for - /share). 

Also
see Note 10 for warrants issued in connection with the sale of certain common stock units, which consisted of shares of common
stock and warrants. 

Stock
Issued for Services 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered, having a fair value of - /share), based upon
the quoted closing trading price. 

Contributed
Capital Related Parties 

Certain
officers and directors contributed on behalf of the Company for operating expenses. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

was fully impaired and recorded as a component of other income (expense) in the
consolidated statements of operations (see Note 2). 

Amortization
expense for the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 was 0 and , respectively. 

- 
 
 Exercisable - July 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding - July 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Exercisable - July 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding - July 31, 2024 

- 
 
 Exercisable - July 31, 2024 

- 
 
 Unvested - July 31, 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Fiscal
Year Ended July 31, 2023 

In
September 2022, the Company granted , ten-year (10) options to an employee for services to be rendered during the period September
2022 - August 2023. These options vested ratably over a twelve-month (12) period. These options had an exercise price of /share. 

Using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model, the Company determined that the fair value of these options granted was . 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Risk free interest rate 

Compensation
expense recorded for stock-based compensation for the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

These
amounts are included as a component of general and administrative expenses. 

Fiscal
Year Ended July 31, 2024 

During
the year ended July 31, 2024, the remaining of a total options vested. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding - July 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Exercisable - July 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding - July 31, 2024 

- 
 
 Exercisable - July 31, 2024 

- 
 
 Unvested - July 31, 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
Transactions for the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 

Warrants
Issued with Common Stock 

During
2023, the Company sold units of common stock and warrants for /share). 

In
connection with the sale of these units, the investors also received , five year warrants, exercisable at /share. All
warrants were fully vested on the issuance date. 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

 years at per month. The lease does not contain any renewal options. 

During
the period September 1, 2021 through May 31, 2022 no rent was due. The Company is required to pay a total of over a fifteen-month
(15) period from June 1, 2022 through August 31, 2023. 

Beginning
September 1, 2023, the lease was renewed under the same terms on a month-to-month basis. The lease was cancelled in May 2024. 

The
Company is leasing the office space from a family member of OL s Chief Executive Officer. 

At
July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had no financing leases as defined in ASC 842, Leases. 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 - 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 
 - 

Weighted-average discount rate 
 - 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

The
Company had the following operating lease costs for the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Operating lease costs 
 July 31, 2024 
 July 31, 2023 

Amortization of right-of-use operating lease asset 

Lease liability expense in connection with obligation repayment 

Total operating lease costs 

Supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases was as follows: 

Operating cash outflows from operating lease (obligation payment) 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability 
 - 
 - 

Student-Athlete
Licensing Agreements 

The
Company has entered into several agreements with student athletes related to the sale of NFT and related collectibles. 

There
may be initial sales as well as resales of these products. The Company and the student-athlete have agreed to split the revenue from
the initial sale. Additionally, the Company will pay the student-athlete a commission for any resales. 

At
July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, the Company owed a nominal amount to various student-athletes, which has been included as a component
of accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. 

to loss before taxes), are approximately as follows: 

State income tax - 

Non-deductible items 

Subtotal 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax benefit 
 - 
 - 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

Amortization of ROU lease 

Share based payments 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset recorded 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are computed by applying the federal and state income tax rates in effect to the gross amounts of temporary
differences and other tax attributes, such as net operating loss carryforwards. In assessing if the deferred tax assets will be realized,
the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of these deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the period in which these deductible
temporary differences reverse. 

The
Company, after considering all available evidence, fully reserved its deferred tax assets since it is more likely than not that such
benefits may be realized in future periods. The Company has not yet established that it can generate taxable income. The Company will
continue to evaluate its deferred tax assets to determine whether any changes in circumstances could affect the realization of their
future benefit. If it is determined in future periods that portions of the Company s deferred tax assets satisfy the realization
standards, the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly. 

During
the year ended July 31, 2024, the valuation allowance increased by approximately . The total valuation allowance results from
the Company s estimate of its uncertainty in being unable to recover its net deferred tax assets. 

At
July 31, 2024, the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, which are available to offset future taxable income,
of approximately (approximately at the blended tax rate). . 

OPENLOCKER
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JULY
31, 2024 AND 2023 

These
carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and similar state
provisions if the Company experienced one or more ownership changes which would limit the amount of NOL and tax credit carryforwards
that can be utilized to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382
and 383, results from transactions increasing ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of the corporation by more
than 50 percentage points over a three- year period. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382/383 analysis. If a change in ownership
were to have occurred, NOL and tax credit carryforwards could be eliminated or restricted. 

If
eliminated, the related asset would be removed from the deferred tax asset schedule with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance.
Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by future ownership changes, if any, are not expected to impact
the Company s effective tax rate. 

The
Company files corporate income tax returns in the United States and State of Florida jurisdictions. Due to the Company s net operating
loss posture, all tax years are open and subject to income tax examination by tax authorities. The Company s policy is to recognize
interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as tax expense. 

At
July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, there are unrecognized tax benefits, and there were no significant accruals for interest related
to unrecognized tax benefits or tax penalties. 

shares
of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of per share, resulting in a total purchase price of . 

F- 31 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following discussion summarizes the material terms of our common stock and preferred stock. This discussion does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation, as amended Certificate of Incorporation ),
and our amended and restated bylaws Bylaws ), each as may be amended from time to time. 

General 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 10,000,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 50,000,000 authorized shares
of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share, of which 200,000 have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock. 

As
of November 27, 2024, there were 43,942,924 shares of common stock outstanding and 58,415 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

Voting 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Our common stock does not
have cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders.
A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as
liquidation, merger or an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation. Although there are no provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws that may delay, defer or prevent a change in control, our board of directors is authorized, without stockholder approval, to
issue shares of preferred stock that may contain rights or restrictions that could have this effect. Holders of common stock are entitled
to share in all dividends that the board, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities
and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive
rights and no conversion rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 

Election
of Directors 

The
holders of shares of common stock shall appoint the members of our board of directors. Each share of common stock is entitled to one
vote. 

Dividends 

Since
inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business,
our board of directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. Payment of dividends in the future will depend
upon our earnings, capital requirements, and other factors, which our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock is initially convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock at the election of the holder at any time.
On any matter submitted to the holders of common stock for a vote or on which the holders of common stock have a right to vote, each
share of Series A Preferred Stock will have a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which the Series A Preferred
Stock is convertible and the Series A Preferred Stock will vote together with the common stock as one class. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock will participate in any dividends, distributions or payments to the holders of the common stock on an as-converted
basis. Series A Preferred Stock is not entitled to receive any distribution of our assets or surplus funds upon a liquidation, merger
or similar event. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Provisions
of the DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a tender offer, a
proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage
certain types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that our board of directors may consider inadequate and to encourage persons
seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection
of our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in improved
terms for our stockholders. 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Statute 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from
engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for three years following the date the
person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of our board of directors
or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

Section
203 of the DGCL generally defines a business combination to include, among other things, any merger or consolidation involving
us and the interested stockholder and the sale of more than 10 of our assets. 

In
general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of our voting stock or any entity
or person associated or affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 

Exclusive
Forum Provision 

Our
Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents in writing, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other
employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) an action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court
located with the State of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties
named as defendants. We believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors
particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to
other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any claim for which the federal courts have
exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to
enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, or any claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
or concurrent jurisdiction. 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and
consented to the forum provisions in our Bylaws. This choice of forum provision may limit or make more costly a stockholder s ability
to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees
or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum
provision contained in our Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The
exclusive forum provision contained in our Bylaws may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other
employees or stockholders. 

Amendments
to Our Certificate of Incorporation 

Under
the DGCL, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon and a majority of the outstanding stock
of each class entitled to vote thereon is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation. Under the DGCL, the holders
of the outstanding shares of a class of our capital stock shall be entitled to vote as a class upon a proposed amendment, whether or
not entitled to vote thereon by the certificate of incorporation, if the amendment would: 

increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares
of such class; 

increase or decrease the par value of the shares of such class;
or 

alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of
the shares of such class so as to affect them adversely. 

If
any proposed amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of one or more series of any class of our capital
stock so as to affect them adversely, but shall not so affect the entire class, then only the shares of the series so affected by the
amendment shall be considered a separate class for the purposes of this provision. 

Vacancies
in the Board of Directors 

Our
Bylaws provide that, subject to limitations, any vacancy occurring in our board of directors for any reason may be filled by a majority
of the remaining members of our board of directors then in office, even if such majority is less than a quorum. Each director so elected
shall hold office until the expiration of the term and until his successor shall be duly chosen. 

Special
Meetings of Stockholders 

Under
our Bylaws, a special meeting of stockholders (other than a special meeting for the election of directors), unless otherwise prescribed
by statute, may only be called by the board and may be called at any time by the board. At any special meeting, only such business may
be transacted as is related to the purpose(s) of such meeting set forth in the notice thereof given pursuant to the terms of the Bylaws
or in any waiver of notice thereof, each pursuant to the terms of the Bylaws. Under the DGCL, written notice of any special meeting must
be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the special meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. 

No
Cumulative Voting 

The
DGCL provides that stockholders are denied the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless our Certificate of Incorporation
provides otherwise. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Limitations
on Directors Liability; Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions indemnifying our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by
law. In addition, as permitted by Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that no director will be liable to us or our
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of certain fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of this provision is to restrict our
rights and the rights of our stockholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of certain fiduciary
duties as a director, except that a director will be personally liable for: 

any breach of his or her duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

acts or omissions not in good faith which involve intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

the payment of dividends or the redemption or purchase of stock
in violation of Delaware law; or 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. 

This
provision does not affect a director s liability under the federal securities laws. 

Our
Bylaws provide that we shall indemnify our directors, officers, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the
Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we understand that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Entity Name 
 
 Place of Organization 

OpenLocker, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Descrypto, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Descrypto Studios, LLC 
 
 Wyoming 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Howard Gostfrand, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024 of OpenLocker Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 27, 2024 
 /s/ Howard Gostfrand 

Howard Gostfrand 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Howard Gostfrand, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024 of OpenLocker Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 27, 2024 
 /s/ Howard Gostfrand 

Howard Gostfrand 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
of OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Howard Gostfrand, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify
to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 27, 2024 
 /s/ Howard Gostfrand 

Howard Gostfrand 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 olkr-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 olkr-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 olkr-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 olkr-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

