<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-K_edgar_data_1892316_0001213900-24-087709.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4927696</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279941</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1330112</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1008996</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1034709</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1167890</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-087709.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015144312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-087709
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Longduoduo Co Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001892316
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				372018431
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56615
		FILM NUMBER:		241371415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		G3-5-8016, SHUI'AN TOWN, RUYI HEADQUARTE
		STREET 2:		HOHHOT ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			INNER MONGOLIA
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			010000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (0472) 510 4980

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		G3-5-8016, SHUI'AN TOWN, RUYI HEADQUARTE
		STREET 2:		HOHHOT ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ZONE
		CITY:			INNER MONGOLIA
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			010000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-087709.txt : 20241015

10-K
 1
 ea0216039-10k_longduo.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to
___________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) 

, 

P.R. 

Office: 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, 

of Registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 Not Applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12 b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of the date of filing of this report, there
were outstanding shares of the issuer s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 29 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 29 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 29 

PART II 
 30 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 30 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 31 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 34 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 35 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 35 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 36 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 36 

PART III 
 37 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 37 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 40 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 41 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 42 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 42 

PART IV 
 43 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 43 

i 

PART I 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking
Statements 

The discussion contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statements about our expectations,
beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements
are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases like anticipate, estimate, plans, 
 projects, continuing, ongoing, target, expects, management
believes, we believe, we intend, we may, we will, we should, 
 we seek, we plan, the negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases. We base these forward-looking
statements on our expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate as of the
date of this Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted,
quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying
the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Form 10-K describe factors, among others, that could contribute to or cause these
differences. Actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect. Because the factors discussed in this Form 10-K could
cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf,
you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statement. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any
factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
that arise after the date of this Form 10-K. 

NOTE REGARDING REVERSE STOCK SPLIT 

Effective on September 26, 2023, Longduoduo Company
Limited implemented a one-for-ten reverse split of its common stock. To facilitate comparative analysis, all statements in this Report
regarding numbers of shares of common stock and all references to prices of a share of common stock, if referencing events or circumstances
occurring prior to September 26, 2023, have been modified to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split on a pro forma basis. 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate Structure 

Longduoduo Company Limited Longduoduo was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 25, 2021. Longduoduo s principal corporate address is G3-5-8016, Shui an Town,
Ruyi Headquarters Base, Hohhot Economic Development District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China, 010000. Our telephone number is +86 (0472)
510 4980. Our registered agent for service of process is Incorp Services, Inc., 3773 Howard Hughes Pkwy, Suite 500S, Las Vegas Nevada
89169-6014. Our website address is www.longduoduo.net. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through,
the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this report, and the inclusion of our website
address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether
to purchase our common stock. 

LONGDUODUO IS A NEVADA CORPORATION THAT FUNCTIONS
EXCLUSIVELY AS A HOLDING COMPANY. ALL OF THE BUSINESS OPERATIONS THAT ARE DESCRIBED IN THIS REPORT AND REFLECTED IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ARE CARRIED OUT BY FIVE LIMITED COMPANIES ORGANIZED AND LOCATED IN THE PEOPLE S REPUBLIC OF CHINA PRC ).
LONGDUODUO OWNS THE FIVE OPERATING COMPANIES THROUGH AN INTERMEDIARY HOLDING COMPANY REGISTERED IN HONG KONG. 

1 

The following chart describes our current corporate
structure: 

Longduoduo Company Limited (Hong Kong) Longduoduo
HK ), was established on July 26, 2021 under the laws of Hong Kong. On October 26, 2021, Longduoduo issued 30,000,000 shares of
its common stock to the original shareholders of Longduoduo HK, in exchange for 100 of the outstanding shares of Longduoduo HK (the Share
Exchange ). 

Longduoduo Health Technology Company Limited Longduoduo
Health Technology ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on August 20, 2020. On August 16, 2021,
Longduoduo HK acquired 100 of Longduoduo Health Technology from the original shareholders of Longduoduo Health Technology. 

Inner Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting Company
Limited Qingguo ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on June 18, 2020. On September
8, 2020, Longduoduo Health Technology acquired 90 of Qingguo from the original shareholders of Qingguo. 

Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Company
Limited Rongbin ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on March 18, 2021. Longduoduo Health
Technology has controlled 80 of Rongbin since inception. 

Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Company
Limited Chengheng ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on April 9, 2021. Longduoduo
Health Technology has controlled 80 of Chengheng since inception. 

Inner Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Company
Limited Tianju ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner Mongolia, China on July 5, 2021. Longduoduo Health
Technology has controlled 51 of Tianju since inception. 

2 

Considerations Relating to Regulation under
Chinese Law 

Longduoduo is not a Chinese operating company
but a Nevada holding company with all of its operations conducted through five subsidiaries located in the PRC. Investors in the Company s
common stock should be aware that they will not directly hold equity interests in a Chinese operating entity, but rather are purchasing
equity solely in a Nevada holding company that will be dependent upon distributions from its principal Chinese subsidiary to finance the
administrative expenses of the Nevada holding company and any cash distributions by the Nevada holding company to its shareholders. Our
ability to obtain contributions from the Company s subsidiary is significantly affected by regulations promulgated by PRC authorities.
Chinese regulatory authorities could prevent our principal Chinese subsidiary from making distributions to its Nevada parent, which would
likely result in a material change in our operations and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
Any change in the interpretation by the PRC government of existing rules and regulations or the promulgation of new rules and regulations
may materially affect our operations or cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For a detailed
description of the risks facing the Company as a result of its dependence on its Chinese operating subsidiaries, please refer to Risk
Factors - Risks Relating to Doing Business in the PRC. 

Exposure to potential sanctions under the
HFCAA 

Pursuant to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act HFCAA ), as adopted by the United States Congress in 2020, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered
public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC because of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China. Under the HFCAA
(as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2023), an issuer s securities may be prohibited from trading on a U.S.
stock exchange or facility if its auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years (reduced by Congress in 2023 from three
consecutive years in the original HFCAA). 

On August 26, 2022, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission CSRC ), the Ministry of Finance of China, and the PCAOB signed a protocol governing inspections and investigations
of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a new Determination Report which: (1) vacated
the December 16, 2021 Determination Report; and (2) concluded that the PCAOB had been able to conduct inspections and investigations completely
in the PRC in 2022. The December 15, 2022 Determination Report cautions, however, that authorities in the PRC might take positions at
any time that would prevent the PCAOB from continuing to inspect or investigate completely. As required by the HFCAA, if in the future
the PCAOB determines it no longer can inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in the PRC, the PCAOB
will act expeditiously to consider whether it should issue a new determination. If the PCAOB is not able to fully conduct inspections
of our auditor s work papers in the PRC, our securities may be prohibited from trading on a U.S. stock exchange or facility if our
auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our common stock being barred from
listing in the United States, which would likely prevent our shareholders from being able to sell their shares until the bar was lifted. 

Longduoduo recently engaged Bush Associates
CPA LLC as its independent auditor, replacing Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. in that role. Bush Associates is headquartered in the State
of Nevada, and Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. is headquartered in the State of New York. The PCAOB is able to, and does, fully conduct inspections
of our auditor s work papers. There remains a risk, however, that the government of the PRC might in the future impose restrictions
on the communication of information to auditors or by auditors of issuers whose operations are located within the PRC, in such a way that
investors in the securities of such issuers do not receive the full benefit of the audits. In that situation, it could occur that the
SEC would bar trading platforms subject to U.S. jurisdiction from listing Longduoduo s securities for trading. Such an occurrence
would be likely to cause the value of Longduoduo s securities to diminish significantly. 

3 

Exposure to restrictions on upstream distributions
of profits 

Longduoduo is a Nevada holding company with no
business operations of its own. We conduct our operations in China through five subsidiaries. We will rely on dividends paid by our principal
PRC subsidiary to fund the cash requirements of Longduoduo, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions
to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. In order for us to pay dividends to our shareholders,
we will rely on payments made from our principal PRC subsidiary to Longduoduo Company Limited (Hong Kong) Longduoduo HK ).
If Longduduo is unable to receive profits from the operations of our PRC subsidiaries through Longduoduo HK, we will be unable to pay
dividends on our common stock. 

The PRC government also imposes controls on the
conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC through the Administrative Regulations of the
PRC on Foreign Exchange (the Foreign Exchange Regulations ), and the Notice of State Administration of Foreign Exchange on
Promulgation of the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Control on Direct Investments in China by Foreign Investors. Therefore, we may experience
difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from
our profits, if any. The Foreign Exchange Regulations will present a barrier to currency transactions between our U.S. parent company
and our Chinese operating subsidiary. If we raise funds in the U.S. dollars for the purpose of funding our operations in China, we will
be required to obtain SAFE approval of the conversion of the dollars into Renminbi, which could be denied. 

Current PRC regulations permit Longduoduo s
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Longduoduo and its Hong Kong subsidiary only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside
at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital.
Our subsidiaries in China are also required to further set aside a portion of their after-tax profits to fund their employee welfare fund,
although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of the subsidiary s board of directors. Although the
statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained
earnings of the PRC subsidiary, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. If one or
more of our PRC subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability
to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. 

If Longduoduo is considered a PRC tax resident
enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends its pays to our shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and, as a result, may
be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10.0 . Certain payments from Longduoduo Health Technology, our principal PRC subsidiary,
to Longduoduo HK are subject to PRC taxes. As of the date of this Report, Longduoduo Health Technology has not made any transfers or distributions. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China
and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income, or the Double Tax
Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no less than 25 
of the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must
obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong
tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain
the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the
Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by Longduoduo Health Technology to its immediate holding company, Longduoduo
HK. As of the date of this Report, Longduoduo Health Technology does not plan to declare and pay dividends to Longduoduo HK and we have
not applied for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. 

At the date of this Report, no subsidiary of Longduoduo
has paid any dividend or distribution to Longduoduo or any subsidiary of Longduoduo, nor has Longduoduo made any dividend or distribution
to any U.S. investor. There has been no transfer of cash or other assets between or among Longduoduo, Longduoduo HK and/or any Chinese
subsidiary of Longduoduo. 

4 

PRC Government Oversight 

Changes in China s internal regulatory mandates,
such as the M A rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and the Data Security Law, may target the Company s corporate structure and impact
our ability to conduct business in China, accept foreign investments, or list on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. Recently, the PRC government
initiated a series of regulatory actions affecting business operations in China with little advance notice, including banning certain
activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure,
adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding its efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. The business
of our subsidiaries until now has not been subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given
that: (i) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important
data by the authorities; (ii) we have not yet approached the regulatory thresholds for holding personal information in our business operations.
In addition, we are not subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues
and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company
with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. However, since these regulatory actions are new, it is uncertain how soon legislative
or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations
will be modified or promulgated, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation,
our ability to accept foreign investments and our ability to list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

We intend to fund the growth of our business in
large part by raising capital in Longduoduo through its sale of securities outside of the PRC. The capital markets in the U.S. that we
might access for financing will depend in large part on our ability to secure a listing on Nasdaq, OTCQX or one of the registered securities
exchanges. The Trial Administrative Measures adopted by the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC on March 31, 2023
require that at the time we apply to an exchange (which for this purpose will include Nasdaq, OTCQB or OTCQX), we must file an extensive
application with the CSRC and await approval by CSRC of the listing. The CSRC has indicated an intent to use these applications in order
to protect the PRC from foreign control of (or significant influence over) important Chinese businesses. We cannot determine what criteria
the CSRC will apply for this purpose. The regulations, therefore, create for our investors a risk that our efforts to finance Longduoduo
Health Technology by selling Longduoduo securities abroad will be restricted, delayed or eliminated by CSRC s implementation of
the listing requirements in the Trial Administrative Measures. That risk, if realized, could prevent us from expanding Longduoduo Health
Technology s business, which could reduce or eliminate the value of Longduoduo common stock. 

Summary of Addiitonal Risk Factors Pertaining
to Operations in China 

There are additional risks associated with our
operations being in the PRC. The following summarizes certain additional risk factors that are discussed in detail in the section titled
 Risk Factors: Risks related to Doing Business in the PRC at page 17 et seq. 

Changes in United States and China relations,
as well as relations with other countries, and/or regulations may adversely impact our business, our operating results, our ability to
raise capital and the market price of our shares. As a U.S.-listed public company, we may face heightened scrutiny, criticism
and negative publicity in the PRC, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock. 

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system, including uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes in laws and regulations in China could
adversely affect us and limit the legal protections available to your and us. The dramatic growth of China and rapid changes in
government policies since the 1980s cause change in the legal system that make compliance difficult and policies unpredictable. 

Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and because all of our directors and all our officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult
for you to use the United States Federal securities laws to enforce your rights against us and our officers or to enforce judgments of
United States courts against us or them in the PRC. 

The fluctuation of RMB may materially and
adversely affect your investment. If the Chinese government reduces the relative value of the RMB compared to the U.S. Dollar,
the value in Dollars of the Company will decline. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws
and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecutiry, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or
appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

If Longduoduo common stock becomes listed
on the OTCQB or an exchange, we will be required to obtain the approval of the PRC government for a business combination, the issuance
of our common stock, or maintaining our status as a publicly listed company outside China. 

5 

Our Business 

Our operating subsidiaries, Longduoduo Health
Technology, Qingguo, Rongbin, Chengheng and Tianju, are each engaged in the business of providing high-quality preventive healthcare solutions
to customers in the Inner Mongolia Province of China. Our primary business at the present time involves our subsidiaries sales
on a commission basis of health maintenance services provided by Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. Our operating subsidiaries
also provide customers preventive healthcare solutions that our subsidiaries purchase from one or more of five providers under contract.
These preventive healthcare solutions include a wide range of comprehensive preventive healthcare services, including disease screening,
healthcare treatments, healthcare products and other services. The Company mainly focuses on prevention of myocardial infarction, cerebral
infarction, hemiplegia, and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. 

Commissioned Sales 

Since June of 2023, our operating subsidiaries
have been primarily engaged in selling health maintenance services provided by Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. Honghai ).
During the year ended June 30, 2024, over 95 of our gross revenue represented commissions paid to our operating subsidiaries by Honghai.
Each operating subsidiary is party to a separate Sales Agency Agreement with Honghai, each dated June 20, 2023 and expiring on June 20,
2026, although the content of the five Sales Agency Agreements are identical but for the name of the agent: Longduoduo Health Technology
Co., Ltd, Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Co., Ltd, Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Co., Ltd, Inner Mongolia Qinguo
Health Consulting Co., Ltd. or Inner Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Company Limited. Among the principal terms of the Sales Agency
Agreements are: 

Honghai is responsible for developing and providing
services, and our operating subsidiary (the Agent is responsible for promoting and selling the services. 

When the Sales Agency Agreement was signed, the
specific services to be marketed were: trioxygen autotransfusion, awakening brain and dredging collaterals, double blood purification
in German technology, hyperbaric trioxygen, colon hydrotherapy, intestinal flora transplantation, custom-made Juncao and combinations
of these services. 

If Honghai develops new services, the Agent will
have the option to market the new services at a price to be negotiated with Honghai in accordance with criteria set in the Sales Agency
Agreement. 

The Agent is responsible for collecting payment
on each sale, and forwarding the payment to Honghai net of the pre-approved settlement amount i.e. commission. 

Honghai bears all responsibility for the quality
of the services and for any liability to customers arising from the services. 

6 

Principal Sales 

Before we entered the Sales Agency Agreements
with Honghai, our operating subsidiaries marketed healthcare services and products exclusively as principals, by purchasing and reselling
services and products from third-party healthcare service providers such as hospitals to serve customers located in Hohhot, Ordos, Baotou
and Ulanqab, cities in Inner Mongolia. We continue that business, although service revenue from these principal sales fell
by almost 82 in the year ended June 30, 2024 from the service revenue recorded in the year ended June 30, 2023. Our intention, after
we have built a firm foundation for our agency sales business, is to return our attention to principal sales and build a network of third-party
healthcare service providers, product suppliers and our sales agents so that we can offer a broader array of products and services to
potential customers. 

Currently, working with our third-party healthcare
service providers, our operating subsidiaries provide, as principal, the preventive healthcare solutions including below: 

Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics- a traditional Chinese medicine treatment that is anti-thrombotic to prevent and treat cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. 

Double Blood Purification treatment for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases that involves the removal of pathogens and toxins from the blood through physical means such as filtration. 

Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy; the Third-generation Ozone Therapy Device Autologous Blood Immunotherapy - prevention and treatment of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases relying on the use of an ozone therapy device to remove pathogens and toxins from the blood. 

PRP (platelet-rich plasma) prevention and treatment of joint inflammation and injury through the use of platelet rich plasma. 

Relaxation therapy - a traditional Chinese medicine treatment that is used to treat joint function limitation caused by soft tissue adhesion such as periarthritis of shoulder 

Vegetative Nerve Regulation - a treatment for neck, shoulder, back and leg pain 

Microwave Therapy through the use of specific
 equipment, heat is provided deep into the skin to reduce inflammation, detumescence, relieve pain and improve tissue blood circulation,
 prevent and cure lumbar muscle strain, arthritis, periarthritis of shoulders and other diseases. 

7 

All medical services above are provided by healthcare
service providers that are licensed medical institutions, such as hospitals or medical clinics. These medical services are provided directly
to our customer by our healthcare service providers, and our healthcare service providers bear the risk of liability related to the medical
procedures. 

Our operating subsidiaries have contracted with
five third-party healthcare service providers. The contracts are set out below: 

Cooperation Agreement, dated March 26, 2021 and expiring on March 31, 2026, by and between Inner Mongolia Qinguo Health Consulting Co., Ltd. and Hohhot Aihua Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital, which is located in Hohhot. Under the terms of this agreement, Hohhot Aihua Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital offers services such as Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy , Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics , PRP , Relaxation therapy , Vegetative Nerve Regulation (anterior) and other conventional therapies. 

Leasing and Cooperation Agreement, dated October 15, 2020 and expiring on October 15, 2025, by and between Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd and Baotou Jinshi Zhongyi Nephropathy Hospital, which is located in Baotou. Under the terms of this agreement, Baotou Jinshi Zhongyi Nephropathy Hospital offers services such as Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics , Double Blood Purification and Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy . 

Cooperation Agreement, dated May 29, 2021 and expiring on May 28, 2026, by and between Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Co., Ltd and Zhongyi Hospital Branch of Inner Mongolia Jiuzun Health Examination Co., Ltd, which is located in Ordos. Under the terms of this agreement, Zhongyi Hospital Branch of Inner Mongolia Jiuzun Health Examination Co., Ltd offers services such as the Third-generation Ozone Therapy Device Autologous Blood Immunotherapy . 

Cooperation Agreement, dated June 20, 2021 and expiring on June 19, 2026, by and between Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd and Ulanqab Mengzhong Rehabilitation TCM Hospital Co., Ltd, which is located in Ulanqab. Under the terms of this agreement, Ulanqab Mengzhong Rehabilitation TCM Hospital Co., Ltd offers services such as Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy , Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics , PRP , Relaxation therapy , Vegetative Nerve Regulation and other conventional therapies 

Cooperation Agreement, dated September 5, 2021 and expiring on September 4, 2026, by and between Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd and Ordos Xinhai Yihecheng Mengzhongyi Hospital, which is located in Ordos. Under the terms of this agreement, Ordos Xinhai Yihecheng Mengzhongyi Hospital offers services such as Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy , 2000ml Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy and Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics etc. 

8 

Our operating subsidiaries pay service fees to
these third-party healthcare service providers based on the number of health products, medical examinations and the services they provide
for our customers. We carefully select our third-party healthcare service provider based on our internal assessment of the quality of
the provider s institution and staff. We assess potential third-party healthcare service providers and chose future third-party
healthcare service providers that fit our business based on the following points: 

Services:
 whether service providers offer the required or complementary services, the venue qualifications for the cooperation programs
as well as the management of medical quality safety, medical staff, medicines and consumables; 

Location:
 whether the venue is convenient for our customers. 

Price:
whether the medical examination and treatment price is acceptable. 

Reputation:
whether the providers have a good reputation. 

Equipment:
whether the provider possess advanced medical equipment. 

Our Plan for Growth 

In the long run, by leveraging our growing network
of medical centers, large and loyal customer base, established demographic and disease information database, we plan to expand the scope
of our service offerings and ultimately establish our company as a leading health management service provider and sales agency in China.
We intend to achieve our goal by implementing the following strategies: 

further expanding our product offerings; 

continuing to expand our network coverage nationwide; and 

further upgrading our service standards to enhance the customer experience. 

The successful execution of our business plan
is subject to risks and uncertainties related to our business and industry, including those relating to our ability to: 

maintain and enhance the recognition and reputation of our operating subsidiaries; 

compete effectively; 

manage our growth and execute our strategies effectively; 

offer services at attractive prices to meet customer needs and preferences; 

manage and expand our relationships with suppliers and third-party service providers; and 

secure and retain the services of qualified personnel. 

9 

We face significant competition from two main
types of competitors: the medical examination departments of major public hospitals and private medical examination companies. Some of
our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better supplier relationships, larger
customer bases or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we do. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully
compete against these larger and better funded competitors. 

Our performance will be largely dependent on the
talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate
and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition for such qualified employees is intense. If we do
not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively. 

We rely on our third-party healthcare service
providers to provide services to our customers under cooperation arrangements with us. We require and expect these third-party healthcare
service providers to possess the licenses and qualifications that are required for their operations and to adhere to certain performance
standards both in terms of customer service and the quality of the medical care that they provide. We generally do not have control over
the quality of service or medical care that these third-parties provide. They may not at all times possess the permits or qualifications
required by laws and regulations or may fail to meet other regulatory requirements for their operations. In addition, they may engage
in conduct which our customers find unacceptable, including providing poor service, mishandling sensitive personal healthcare information
or committing medical malpractice. 

Operating Licenses 

Our products and services are subject to regulation
by governmental agencies in the PRC and Inner Mongolia Province. Business and company registrations are certified on a regular basis and
must be in compliance with the laws and regulations of the PRC and provincial and local governments and industry agencies, which are controlled
and monitored through the issuance of licenses. Our licenses include: 

Longduoduo
Health Technology s operating license enables it to undertake medical information consulting services, corporate management consulting,
health management consulting services and so on. The registration number is 91150104MA0QTDXG5T, which is valid from August 20, 2020,
and expires on August 19, 2050. 

Qingguo s
operating license enables it to undertake sales of food, health management consulting services, and medical information consulting services.
The registration number is 91150104MA13Q5X152, which is valid from June 18, 2020, with no expiration date. 

Rongbin s
operating license enables it to undertake medical information consulting services, corporate management consulting, and health management
consulting services. The registration number is 91150207MA13UKC301, which is valid from March 18, 2021, and expires on March 17, 2051. 

Chengheng s
operating license enables it to undertake medical information consulting services, corporate management consulting, and health management
consulting services. The registration number is 91150602MA7YN4JE2Q, which is valid from April 09, 2021, and expires on April 08, 2051. 

Tianju s
operating license enables it to undertake sales of class I medical equipment, pre-packaged food, hygiene products, cosmetics, and disinfection
products; health management consulting services; medical information consulting services; software development; biotechnology promotion
services; beauty services (excluding medical beauty), technical services, and technology Consultation; leasing of medical equipment.
The registration number is 91150902MA7YPWL408, which is valid from July 5, 2021 to July 4, 2051. 

10 

The PRC legal system is based on written statutes.
Prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate
a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters in general, such as foreign investment, corporate organization
and governance, commerce, taxation and trade. However, since the PRC legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of
many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties, which
may limit legal protections available to us. Uncertainties due to evolving laws and regulations could also impede the ability of a China-based
company, such as Longduoduo Health Technology, to obtain or maintain permits or licenses required to conduct business in China. In the
absence of required permits or licenses, governmental authorities could impose material sanctions or penalties on us or could revoke our
authority to carry on business. In addition, some regulatory requirements issued by certain PRC government authorities may not be consistently
applied by other PRC government authorities (including local government authorities), thus making strict compliance with all regulatory
requirements impractical, or in some circumstances impossible. 

Competition 

We face significant competition from two main
types of competitors: the medical examination departments of major public hospitals and private medical examination companies. The private
medical examination market is further segmented into (i) large national companies; (ii) regional providers; (iii) numerous local independent
medical examination centers located in nearly every city in China; and other sales agencies of health services. 

We believe our primary competitive advantages
over our competitors include: 

strong sales and marketing efforts; and 

the innovation of the market business idea and flexible management mechanism. 

We believe that we are well-positioned to effectively
compete on the basis of the factors listed above. However, some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories,
greater brand recognition, better supplier relationships, larger customer bases or greater financial, technical or marketing resources
than we do. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these larger and better funded competitors. 

Income Taxes 

United States 

Longduoduo Company Limited is subject to a tax
rate of 21 in the United States of America. 

Hong Kong 

Longduoduo HK was incorporated in Hong Kong
and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax. Longduoduo HK is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and income
arising in or derived from Hong Kong. The applicable statutory tax rate is 16.5 . The Company did not have any income (loss) subject
to the Hong Kong profits tax. 

China 

Longduoduo Health Technology and subsidiaries
are subject to a 25 standard enterprise income tax in the PRC. The Company accrued 523,207 and 10,246 of PRC income tax for the years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Employees 

The Company has 49 full-time employees. Of those
49, Qingguo has 10 full-time employees, Rongbin has 12 full-time employees, Chengheng has 7 full-time employees, Tianju has 4 full-time
employees and Longduoduo Health Technology has 16 full-time employees. 

The Company s employees include 10 with
management responsibilities, 20 with administrative and operations responsibilities, and 19 responsible for customer services. 

All of our employees are located in the PRC. None
of our employees are represented by a labor union or similar collective bargaining organization. 

11 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in this 10K before deciding to invest in
our Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously
harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

95 of our revenue during the year ended
June 30, 2024 came from a single source: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. Termination of our relationship with Honghai
would likely have serious adverse effects on our financial results. 

In June 2023 each of our operating subsidiaries
entered into identical Sales Agency Agreements with Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. Honghai ), pursuant
to which our operating subsidiaries serve as sales agents for services provided by Honghai and receive commissions on the sales they initiate.
During the year ended June 30, 2024, commissions from sales on behalf of Honghai represented over 95 of our Company s revenues,
while revenues from principal sales, our focus before engaging with Honghai, fell by almost 82 . 

The Sales Agency Agreements terminate in June
2026, and there is no certainty that our relationship with Honghai will continue past that date In addition, any number of factors could
interfere with our relationship with Honghai: adverse events in Honghai s business could make our sales efforts unprofitable; Honghai
could decide to engage competitive or replacement sales agents; licensing problems or adverse government regulation could interfere with
Honghai s business or our ability to market Honghai s services. In the event that any of these risks was realized, our financial
results could be significantly less profitable unless and until we were able to replace Honghai as the primary source of our revenue. 

COVID-19 has adversely impacted our
business and may further impact our business, financial results and liquidity for an unknown period of time. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has led government
and other authorities to impose measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement, gatherings of
large numbers of people, and temporary closure of business operations. With respect to the Longduoduo business, the primary adverse result
of the COVID-19 pandemic has been a serious interruption from time to time caused by temporary closure of business operations,
especially the third-party healthcare service providers who were required to temporarily close. In particular, as our third-party healthcare
service provider are the key to patients treatment, our inability to supply third-party healthcare services due to COVID-19 restrictions
seriously delayed the growth of our business. 

In response to COVID-19, we took steps to
reduce operating costs and improve efficiency, including slowing down our business plan. The interruption of our third-party healthcare
services supply and the steps we took to reduce the risk to our employees from COVID-19 both negatively impacted our schedule for achieving
development of our business. 

Since December 2022, many of the restrictive measures
previously adopted by the PRC governments at various levels to control the spread of the COVID-19 virus have been revoked or replaced
with more flexible measures. The revocation or replacement of the restrictive measures to contain the COVID-19 pandemic could have a positive
impact on the Company s normal operations. 

We are unable to predict the extent to which the
pandemic and related impacts may adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, consolidated results of operations and
consolidated financial position in the future or interfere with the achievement of our strategic objectives. 

We rely on third party providers to provide
our offered services and could be liable and suffer reputational harm if a third-party service provider provides inferior service or harms
a customer, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We rely on our third-party healthcare service
providers to provide services to our customers under cooperation arrangements with us. We require and expect these third-party healthcare
service providers to possess the licenses and qualifications that are required for their operations and to adhere to certain performance
standards both in terms of customer service and the quality of the medical care that they provide. We generally do not have control over
the quality of service or medical care that these third-parties provide. They may not at all times possess the permits or qualifications
required by laws and regulations or may fail to meet other regulatory requirements for their operations. In addition, they may engage
in conduct which our customers find unacceptable, including providing poor service, mishandling sensitive personal healthcare information
and committing medical malpractice. We could be exposed to reputational harm and possible liability as a result of our having serviced
a customer through a third-party service provider that performs unsatisfactorily, which may result in a materially adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

12 

A computer system failure, security breach
or a breach of data privacy or security obligations may disrupt our business, damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We rely on computer and information systems and
internet and network connectivity to conduct a large portion of our business operations. This includes the need to securely store, process
and transmit confidential information, including personal information. In many cases this also includes transmission and processing to
or through commercial customers, business partners and third-party service providers. The introduction of new technologies, computer system
failures, cyber-crime attacks or security or privacy breaches may materially disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation, result
in regulatory and litigation exposure, investigation and remediation costs, and materially and adversely affect our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

The information security risk that we face includes
the risk of malicious outside forces using public networks and other methods, including social engineering and the exploitation of targeted
offline processes, to attack our systems and information. It also includes inside threats, both malicious and accidental. For example,
human error and lack of sufficiently automated processing can result in improper information exposure or use. We also face risk in this
area due to our reliance in many cases on third-party systems, all of which may face cyber and information security risks of their own.
Third-party administrators or distribution partners used by us or our subsidiaries may not adequately secure their own information systems
and networks, or may not adequately keep pace with the dynamic changes in this area. Potential bad actors that target us and our applicable
third parties may include, but are not limited to, criminal organizations, foreign government bodies, political factions, and others.
There is no guarantee that the measures that we take will be sufficient to stop all types of attacks or mitigate all types of information
security or privacy risks. 

If we fail to maintain adequate processes and
controls or if we or our business partners fail to comply with relevant laws and regulations, policies and procedures, misappropriation
or intentional or unintentional inappropriate disclosure or misuse of personal information or other confidential information could occur.
Such control inadequacies or non-compliance could cause disrupted operations and misstated or unreliable financial data, materially damage
our reputation or lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or civil or criminal penalties or litigation, which, in turn, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we analyse personal information and customer
data to better manage our business, subject to applicable laws and regulations and other restrictions. It is possible that additional
regulatory or other restrictions regarding the use of such techniques may be imposed. Such restrictions and obligations could have material
impacts on our business, financial conditions and/or results of operations. 

We operate in a competitive environment
and competing facilities and services could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

There are numerous hospitals and private clinics
providing medical examination services and, at the high end of the market, many Chinese hospitals have VIP wards that cater to affluent
customers. We face significant competition from two main types of competitors: the medical examination departments of major public hospitals
and private medical examination companies. The private preventive healthcare market is further segmented into large franchise companies,
regional providers and numerous local independent medical examination centers located in nearly every city in China. We compete primarily
on the basis of price, quality of service, convenience, location, brand recognition and reputation. We do not have the same level of brand
recognition as some of the medical examination centers of large public hospitals, and in some regional markets our brand is not as established
and our geographical coverage is not as extensive as that of our private competitors. Furthermore, we lack the equipment necessary for
certain highly technical medical tests. Many competing hospitals that are government-owned are exempt from income taxes on their medical
income, which provides them with a significant competitive advantage over us. Furthermore, competing hospitals, clinics or other facilities
may commence new operations or expand existing operations, which would increase their competitive position and potentially erode our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

13 

We may not be able to effectively control
and manage our planned growth. 

We have limited operational, administrative and
financial resources, which may be inadequate to sustain the growth we want to achieve. If our business and markets grow and develop, it
will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion accordingly. In addition, we may face challenges in managing our expanding service
offerings. Such growth would place increased demands on our existing management, employees and facilities. Our failure to meet these demands
could interrupt or adversely affect our operations and cause administrative inefficiencies. Additionally, failure to execute our planned
growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

Expansion of our healthcare services could
be affected by the expansion of government-sponsored social medical insurance available to the Chinese population that is not available
now. 

Most government-sponsored social medical insurance
in China does not cover medical examinations. In certain locations where government-sponsored social medical insurance covers medical
examinations, we have cooperating hospitals that are qualified institutions under such insurance coverage. Currently, most of our individual
customers pay directly for medical examinations. If government-sponsored social medical insurance is further expanded to cover medical
examinations in more geographical locations, and Longduoduo does not become a qualified institution for such coverage, certain of our
customers may discontinue or terminate their relationship with us, and certain individual customers may opt to use other medical institutions
covered by such medical insurance rather than pay for our services. As a result, the expansion of government-sponsored social medical
insurance could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additional capital, if needed, may not be
available on acceptable terms, if at all, and any additional financing may be on terms adverse to your interests. 

We may need additional cash to fund our operations.
Our capital needs will depend on numerous factors, including market conditions and our profitability. We cannot be certain that we will
be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. If additional financing is not available when required or is not
available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund expansion, successfully promote our brand name, develop or enhance our services,
take advantage of business opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, any of which could seriously
harm our business and reduce the value of your investment. 

If we are able to raise additional funds if and
when needed by issuing additional equity securities, you may experience significant dilution of your ownership interest and holders of
these new securities may have rights senior to yours as a holder of our common stock. If we obtain additional financing by issuing debt
securities, the terms of those securities could restrict or prevent us from declaring dividends and could limit our flexibility in making
business decisions. In this case, the value of your investment could be reduced. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to
obtain additional funding if it is needed, or that such funding, if available, will be obtainable on terms and conditions favorable to
or affordable by us. If we cannot obtain needed funds, we may be forced to curtail our activities. 

14 

Risks Relating to our Management 

The loss of the services of any of our officers
or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our products and sales. 

The development of our business will continue
to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends upon the continued
services of our executive officers, Xu Huibo, our President and Chairman of the Board of Director, Zhou Hongxiao, Chief Executive Officer
(CEO), Secretary and director, and our Chief Financial Officer, Kang Liping. They are developing our business, which will depend on our
ability to identify and retain competent employees with the skills required to execute our business objectives. The loss of the services
of any of our officers or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop
our products and services, which could adversely affect our financial results and impair our growth. 

If we are unable to hire, retain or motivate
qualified personnel, consultants, independent contractors, and advisors, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance will be largely dependent on the
talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate
and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition for such qualified employees is intense. If we do
not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively. In addition, all
future success depends largely on our ability to retain key consultants and advisors. We cannot assure that any skilled individual will
agree to become an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Longduoduo Company Limited. Our inability to retain their services
could negatively impact our business and our ability to execute our business strategy. 

Our internal controls over financial reporting
may not be effective and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness, which
could have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

As a new public reporting company, we will be
in a continuing process of developing, establishing, and maintaining internal controls and procedures that will allow our management to
report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, our internal controls over financial reporting if and when
required to do so under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although our independent registered public accounting firm is not
required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company, our management will be required to report on our internal controls over
financial reporting under Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we would not be able
to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. At such
time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level
at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered
public accounting firm that must be performed may reveal other material weaknesses or that the material weaknesses have not been fully
remediated. If we do not remediate our material weaknesses, or if other material weaknesses are identified or we are not able to comply
with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially misstated or could subsequently
require restatement, we could receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal controls over financial reporting from our independent
registered public accounting firm and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities, which would require
additional financial and management resources, and the market price of our stock could decline. 

15 

Limitations on director and officer liability
and indemnification of our Company s officers and directors by us may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against an
officer or director. 

Our Company s certificate of incorporation
and bylaws provide, with certain exceptions as required by governing state law, that a director or officer shall not be personally liable
to us or our shareholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for acts or omissions which involve intentional
misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or unlawful payments of dividends. These provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing
a lawsuit against a director or officer for breach of fiduciary duty and may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation brought by
shareholders on the Company s behalf against a director or officer. 

Our management has limited experience managing
a public company. 

At the present time, our management has limited
experience in managing a public company. This may hinder our ability to establish effective controls and systems and comply with all applicable
requirements associated with being a public company. If compliance problems result, these problems could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other
expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank
Act of 2010, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring
changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to our
new compliance requirements. Moreover, these requirements will increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and will
make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect it will be difficult and expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance. These requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to
serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

We may have difficulty establishing adequate
management, legal and financial controls in the PRC. 

We may have difficulty in hiring and retaining
a sufficient number of qualified employees to serve as our management staff. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty
in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account
and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet western standards. Therefore, we may, in turn, experience difficulties
in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as will be required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

16 

Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC 

Changes in United States and China relations,
as well as relations with other countries, and/or regulations may adversely impact our business, our operating results, our ability to
raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

The U.S. government, including the SEC, has made
statements and taken certain actions that led to changes to United States and international relations, and will impact companies with
connections to the United States or China, including imposing several rounds of tariffs affecting certain products manufactured in China,
imposing certain sanctions and restrictions in relation to China and issuing statements indicating enhanced review of companies with significant
China-based operations. It is unknown whether and to what extent new legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws or regulations will
be adopted, or the effect that any such actions would have on companies with significant connections to the U.S. or to China, our industry
or on us. Any unfavorable government policies on cross-border relations and/or international trade, including increased scrutiny on companies
with significant China-based operations, capital controls or tariffs, may affect our ability to raise capital and the market price of
our shares. 

Furthermore, the SEC has issued statements primarily
focused on companies with significant China-based operations, such as us. For example, on July 30, 2021, Gary Gensler, Chairman of the
SEC, issued a Statement on Investor Protection Related to Recent Developments in China, pursuant to which Chairman Gensler stated that
he has asked the SEC staff to engage in targeted additional reviews of filings for companies with significant China-based operations.
The statement also addressed risks inherent in companies with a Variable Interest Entity, or a VIE structure. We do not have a VIE structure
and are not in an industry that is subject to foreign ownership limitations by China. Further, we believe that we have robust disclosures
relating to our operations in China, including the relevant risks noted in Chairman Gensler s statement. However, it is possible
that the Company s periodic reports and other filings with the SEC may be subject to enhanced review by the SEC and this additional
scrutiny could affect our ability to effectively raise capital in the United States. 

In response to the SEC s July 30 statement,
the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) announced on August 1, 2021, that it is our belief that Chinese and U.S. regulators
shall continue to enhance communication with the principle of mutual respect and cooperation, and properly address the issues related
to the supervision of China-based companies listed in the U.S. so as to form stable policy expectations and create benign rules framework
for the market. While the CSRC will continue to collaborate closely with different stakeholders including investors, companies,
and relevant authorities to further promote transparency and certainty of policies and implementing measures, it emphasized that
it has always been open to companies choices to list their securities on international or domestic markets in compliance
with relevant laws and regulations. 

If any new legislation, executive orders, tariffs,
laws and/or regulations are implemented, if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or if the U.S. or Chinese governments take retaliatory
actions due to the recent U.S.-China tension, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations, our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

The operations of our subsidiaries in China,
as well as our financial operations in the U.S. to the extent that they affect our subsidiaries in China, will be subject to a high level
of control by the national and provincial bureaucracies in the PRC. Exercise by government authorities of that control could significantly
interfere with our ability to conduct our operations in the best interests of our company and its shareholders, which could cause the
value of our common stock to decline and limit or prevent our efforts to finance the operations of Longduoduo Health Technology. 

The government of the PRC is highly bureaucratized,
as are the provincial governments in China. Whereas the authority of agencies in the U.S. government is restricted to a stated mandate
by principles and regulations of administrative law, agencies of the PRC government have broad authority to impose and administer regulations,
and to collect information, as they deem in the best interests of the nation. As a result, our Company s Board of Directors may
find its ability to develop and implement a business plan constrained by the regulatory activities of government agencies in the PRC,
which are able to exert substantial and wide-ranging control over our Company s operations, both those of Longduoduo Health Technology,
our principal Chinese subsidiary, and the financial operations of Longduoduo. 

17 

The PRC agencies that will exercise have significant
control over our Company s operations include: 

China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ), which since March 2023 has imposed extensive reporting requirements and other regulations on companies structured as ours: offshore holding companies with operations based in China. The CSRC now requires that such companies obtain pre-approval of offshore securities listings and offshore securities offerings, and the CSRC, in reviewing such filings, has broad discretion to limit or prevent offshore financing activities that CSRC believes put the interests of China at risk, including risks attendant to indirect offshore investment in companies that control significant data, personal or otherwise, and companies involved in a wide range of industries that CSRC deems essential to the PRC. 

State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), which governs inflows and outflows of capital with respect to the PRC, and has broad authority to regulate or restrict, by registration requirements or prohibitions, cross-border transactions and currency exchange as needed to protect the interests of the PRC. 

Cyberspace Administration of China CAC ), which has broad authority to regulate conduct within the PRC and offshore as it relates to cyberspace activities touching on the PRC. Among the proposed regulations under review by the CAC are a requirement that China-based enterprises holding significant user data be required to undergo review and approval by CAC before soliciting offshore investment. 

Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM ), which has broad regulatory authority over commercial activity in the PRC, with particular focus on foreign-invested commercial activity. Among MOFCOM s activities is reviewing offshore investments in Chinese enterprises to assure the capital is used for purposes that fall within the pre-approved business plan of the Chinese recipient. 

Investors considering investment in Longduoduo,
therefore, should understand that the control of our Board of Directors over the plans and operations of our Company will be subject to
the extensive control that the government of China may exercise over both Longduoduo Health Technology, our principal Chinese subsidiary,
and the activities of its U.S. parent company as they involve Longduoduo Health Technology. Our Board may find, at times, that actions
it considers in the best interests of our Company and its shareholders are restricted or prevented by policies of one or more Chinese
government agencies. These restrictions, in turn, may make our public securities less valuable and interfere with our efforts to raise
capital for the operations of Longduoduo Health Technology. 

The government of China will make a direct
intervention into the operations of a China-based company and take control of its operations or significantly restrict its operations
if the government believes such action is in the best interests of the Chinese nation. 

The Chinese government may intervene or influence
our operations at any time, or may exert control over operations of our business, which could result in a material change in our operations
and/or the value of our securities. Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are
conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. The government
of the PRC is not bound by principles of substantive due process similar to those binding on the U.S. government. Therefore, the government
of the PRC considers itself charged with unrestricted responsibility for the well-being of its nation, and will intervene in the economy
of the PRC in general or in the affairs of an individual enterprise within the PRC, as it deems appropriate to protect the well-being
of the PRC. Such intervention can take the form of restrictions on the operations of the enterprise, denial of approvals required under
Chinese law to conduct the business of the enterprise, influence exerted on the appointment of management, and has in some cases involved
government seizure of the assets of an enterprise. A U.S. investor in Longduoduo will be at risk of an intervention by the PRC government
in the Chinese medical services business in general or the business of Longduoduo Health Technology in particular, as well as the risk
that the PRC government will impose new restrictions on the ability of Longduoduo to fund the operations of Longduoduo Health Technology,
such as restrictions on the use of offshore sources to fund the operations of Longduoduo Health Technology. Any such intervention by the
PRC government in the operations of Longduoduo Health Technology could undermine our business plan and cause the value of an investment
in Longduoduo to significantly decline or become worthless. 

18 

Failure to comply with any PRC
laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

Our China operations are subject to PRC laws and regulations including
but not limited to the laws and regulations on taxation, employment and social welfare, product quality and consumer protection, foreign
investment, foreign exchange, online trading and E-commerce, food business and so on. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable
laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. A failure to comply with applicable
laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. 

Changes in the policies of the PRC government
could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Policies of the PRC government can have significant
effects on the economic conditions in the PRC. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies and transitioning
to a market-oriented economy, there is no assurance that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may
not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances
affecting the PRC s political, economic and social conditions. Further, regulatory agencies in China may periodically, and sometimes
abruptly with little to no advance notice, change their enforcement practices. Therefore, prior enforcement activity, or lack of enforcement
activity, is not necessarily predictive of future actions. Our business could be adversely affected by changes in PRC government policies,
including but not limited to changes in policies relating to taxation, currency conversion, imports and exports, and ownership of private
enterprises. 

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system, including uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes in laws and regulations in China could
adversely affect us and limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

Our operating subsidiaries are incorporated under
and governed by the laws of the PRC. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference
but have limited precedential value. In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing
economic matters in general, such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade. As a significant
part of our business is conducted in China, our operations are principally governed by PRC laws and regulations. However, since the PRC
legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement
of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties, which may limit legal protections available to us. Uncertainties due to evolving
laws and regulations could also impede the ability of a China-based company, such as our company, to obtain or maintain permits or licenses
required to conduct business in China. In the absence of required permits or licenses, governmental authorities could impose material
sanctions or penalties on us. In addition, some regulatory requirements issued by certain PRC government authorities may not be consistently
applied by other PRC government authorities (including local government authorities), thus making strict compliance with all regulatory
requirements impractical, or in some circumstances impossible. For example, our PRC subsidiary may have to resort to administrative and
court proceedings to enforce the legal protection that we enjoy either by law or contract. However, since PRC administrative and court
authorities have discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to predict the
outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore,
the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or
at all and may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after
the violation. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual
property) and procedural rights, could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations. 

Intellectual property rights and confidentiality
protections in China may also not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. In addition, we cannot predict the effects
of future developments in the PRC legal system on our business operations, including the promulgation of new laws, or changes to existing
laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us and our investors,
including you. Moreover, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources and
management attention. 

19 

The PRC government has significant oversight and
discretion over the conduct of our business and may intervene or influence our operations as the government deems appropriate to further
regulatory, political and societal goals. The PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly affected certain
industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations
or policies regarding our industry that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore,
the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital markets
activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. Any such intervention in or influence on our business
operations or action to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital markets activities, once taken by
the PRC government, could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations and the value of China-based companies,
or significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such
securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investments
in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using our capital reserves to make loans or additional capital
contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries. 

As an offshore holding company with PRC subsidiaries,
we may transfer funds to our PRC subsidiaries or finance our operating entity by means of loans or capital contributions. Any capital
contributions or loans that we, as an offshore entity, make to our Company s PRC subsidiaries, are subject to PRC regulations. Any
loans to our PRC subsidiaries, which are foreign-invested enterprises, cannot exceed statutory limits based on the difference between
the amount of our investments and registered capital in such subsidiaries, and shall be registered with SAFE, or its local counterparts.
Furthermore, any capital increase contributions we make to our PRC subsidiaries, which are foreign-invested enterprises, are subject to
the requirement of making necessary filings in FICMIS, and registration with other government authorities in China. We may not be able
to obtain these government registrations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all. If we fail to obtain such approvals or make such registration,
our ability to make equity contributions or provide loans to our Company s PRC subsidiaries or to fund their operations may be negatively
affected, which may adversely affect their liquidity and ability to fund their working capital and expansion projects and meet their obligations
and commitments. As a result, our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business may be negatively affected. 

Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and because all of our directors and all our officers reside in China, it may be difficult for you to use
the United States Federal securities laws to enforce your rights against us and our officers or to enforce judgments of United States
courts against us or them in the PRC. 

Our Company conducts substantially all of its
operations in China, and substantially all of the assets reflected on our balance sheet are located in China. In addition, all members
of our board of directors and all of our senior executive officers reside within China and are PRC nationals. As a result, it may be difficult
for our shareholders to effect service of process upon those persons inside China. In addition, China does not have treaties providing
for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Therefore, recognition and enforcement in
China of judgments of a court in the United States in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult
or impossible. 

Shareholder claims that are common in the United
States, including securities law class actions and fraud claims, generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality
in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations
or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. Although the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory
cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and
administration, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States have not been efficient in
the absence of a mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. 

20 

The recent joint statement by the SEC and
PCAOB and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act calls for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market
companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. Furthermore,
in 2023, the U.S. Congress passed, and the President signed, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which amended
the HFCA Act and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is
not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years (instead of three mandated in the HFCAA). These developments could add uncertainties
to our business operations. 

Pursuant to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act HFCAA ), as adopted by the United States Congress in 2020, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered
public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC because of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China. Under the HFCAA
(as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act 2023), an issuer s securities may be prohibited from trading on a U.S.
stock exchange or facility if its auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years (reduced by Congress in 2023 from three
consecutive years in the original HFCAA). 

On August 26, 2022, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission CSRC ), the Ministry of Finance of China, and the PCAOB signed a protocol governing inspections and investigations
of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a new Determination Report which: (1) vacated
the December 16, 2021 Determination Report; and (2) concluded that the PCAOB had been able to conduct inspections and investigations completely
in the PRC in 2022. The December 15, 2022 Determination Report cautions, however, that authorities in the PRC might take positions at
any time that would prevent the PCAOB from continuing to inspect or investigate completely. As required by the HFCAA, if in the future
the PCAOB determines it no longer can inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in the PRC, the PCAOB
will act expeditiously to consider whether it should issue a new determination. If the PCAOB is not able to fully conduct inspections
of our auditor s work papers in the PRC, our securities may be prohibited from trading on a U.S. stock exchange or facility if our
auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our common stock being barred from
listing in the United States, which would likely prevent our shareholders from being able to sell their shares until the bar was lifted. 

Longduoduo recently engaged Bush Associates
CPA LLC as its independent auditor, replacing Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. in that role. Bush Associates is headquartered in the State
of Nevada, and Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. is headquartered in the State of New York. The PCAOB is able to, and does, fully conduct inspections
of our auditor s work papers. There remains a risk, however, that the government of the PRC might in the future impose restrictions
on the communication of information to auditors or by auditors of issuers whose operations are located within the PRC, in such a way that
investors in the securities of such issuers do not receive the full benefit of the audits. In that situation, it could occur that the
SEC would bar trading platforms subject to U.S. jurisdiction from listing Longduoduo s securities for trading. Such an occurrence
would be likely to cause the value of Longduoduo s securities to diminish significantly. 

21 

However, the recent developments would add uncertainties
to our situation and we cannot assure you whether regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after
considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training,
or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. It remains unclear
what the SEC s implementation process related to the June 2021 interim final amendments will entail or what further actions the
SEC or the PCAOB will take to address these issues and what impact those actions will have on U.S. companies that have significant operations
in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including a national securities exchange or over-the-counter stock market).
In addition, the June 2021 interim final amendments and any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from these efforts
to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create some uncertainty for investors, the market price of our common stock
could be adversely affected, and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement or being
required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management time. 

Restrictions contained in Chinese law on
the ability of overseas securities regulators to collect information in China may deny investors in our Company the benefits of U.S. securities
regulation. 

China has often restricted U.S. regulators 
access to information and limited regulators ability to investigate or pursue remedies with respect to China-based issuers, generally
citing to state secrecy and national security laws, blocking statutes, or other laws or regulations. In addition, according to Article
177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator can directly conduct investigations
or evidence collection activities within the PRC and no entity or individual in China may provide documents and information relating to
securities business activities to overseas regulators without Chinese government approval. The SEC, U.S. Department of Justice, and other
U.S. authorities face substantial challenges in bringing and enforcing actions against China-based issuers and their officers and directors.
As a result, investors in our Company may not benefit from a regulatory environment that fosters effective enforcement of U.S. federal
securities laws. 

According to Article 177, there are uncertainties
as to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence
within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations,
there exists a risk that they may determine to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also delist our securities from
OTC Markets or other applicable trading market within the US. 

Governmental control of currency conversion
may affect the value of your investment. 

The People s Republic of China (PRC) government
imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi (RMB) into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out
of the PRC. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the
availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends, or otherwise satisfy
foreign currency dominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including
profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures in connection with a commercial transaction, can be made in foreign currencies
without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange by complying with certain procedural requirements. However,
approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of
PRC to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. 

The PRC government also may at its discretion
restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents
us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our expenses as they
come due, finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders, all of which may adversely
affect your investment. 

22 

The fluctuation of RMB may materially and
adversely affect your investment. 

The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and
other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions. As
we rely entirely on revenues earned in the PRC, any significant revaluation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows,
revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from an offering of our securities
into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making dividend
payments on our common stock or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RMB, the U.S. dollar equivalent
of the RMB we convert would be reduced. In addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a
charge to our income statement and a reduction in the value of these assets. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws
and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or
appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and
regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws and regulations are continuously
evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting,
particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often vary
in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 

We expect to obtain information about various
aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees and third parties. We also maintain information about various aspects of
our operations as well as regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data is critical
to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. We are required by applicable
laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such
information. 

The PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment
7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies and their employees
from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained during the course of performing duties
or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. 

On November 7, 2016, the Standing Committee of
the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which became effective on June
1, 2017. Pursuant to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect their personal information,
and may only collect users personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security
maintenance for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated
under the relevant laws and regulations. We believe that we are in compliance with the Cyber Security Law, given that: (i) our products
and services are sold offline; and (ii) we do not have an online platform. 

The Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National
People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides the main legal basis for privacy and personal information
infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT, and the Ministry
of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. 

The PRC regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity
are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry
of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and regulations with varying and evolving standards and
interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020.
According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when
purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

23 

In November 2016, the Standing Committee of China s
National People s Congress passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ), which became effective in June 2017.
The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data protection, subjecting
many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal consequences of violation of
the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding up for rectification, shutting
down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China and certain
other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity
Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and
services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued a revised draft of
the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ), which required that, in addition to operator
of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying out data processing activities that affect or
may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when
assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data or
a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of
critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled, or
maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has said that under the proposed
rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations
because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign
governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs. We do not
know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us and the quotation of our securities on the OTC Pink Market.
In the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations, quotation of our securities
on the OTC may be prohibited and we may be subject to fines and penalties. We believe that we will not be subject to the cybersecurity
review by the CAC, given that: (i) we are not an operator of critical information infrastructure or a data processor 
carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal
information in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus
may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the 2021 Measures will
be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed
implementation and interpretation related to the 2021 Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation
comes into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration
of China CAC issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ),
which required that, in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying
out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further
elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others,
(i) the risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used
or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal
information being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration
of China has said that, under the proposed rules, companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity
approval when seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected,
controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national
security risks from overseas IPOs. We do not know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us and the quotation
of our securities on the OTC Markets. In the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these
regulations, quotation of our securities on the OTC Markets may be prohibited and we may be subject to fines and penalties. 

We cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies,
including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In
the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by PRC regulatory agencies, we
face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty, we
may be further required to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

24 

The Chinese government can take regulatory
actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little to no advance notice at any time, including cracking down
on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest
entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
Rules and regulations and the enforcement or interpretation thereof in China can also change with little to no advance notice, and actions
related to oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas in our China based entities could cause the value of Longduoduo s
securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The Chinese government has taken and continues
to take regulatory actions and statements to regulate over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state
ownership, sometimes with very little advance notice. Our ability to operate through our subsidiaries in China may be harmed by changes
in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations, land use rights, cybersecurity, property
and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of
existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations
or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms
and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could result
in a material change in our operations in China and could limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors or require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in China properties or joint ventures. Any such actions (including
divesture or similar actions) could result in a material adverse effect on us and on your investment in us and could render our securities
and your investment in our securities worthless. 

As such, the Company s business segments
and entities may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the provinces in which they operate. The Company could
be subject to new regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal agencies and government
sub-divisions. The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties
for any failure to comply. As a result, the fast-changing rules and regulation could potentially impact our operation and profitability
in China and as a result, cause the value of Longduoduo s securities to significantly decline or even become worthless. 

We will require the approval of the CSRS before
our common stock may become listed on the OTCQB, Nasdaq or any U.S. securities exchange. If we are unable to obtain CSRC s approval,
our ability to raise capital will be limited, which would likely limit the growth of our company. 

We intend to fund the growth of our business in
large part by raising capital in Longduoduo through its sale of securities outside of the PRC. The capital markets in the U.S. that we
might access for financing will depend in large part on our ability to secure a listing on Nasdaq, OTCQX or one of the registered securities
exchanges. The Trial Administrative Measures adopted on March 31, 2023 require that at the time we apply to an exchange (which for this
purpose will include Nasdaq, OTCQB or OTCQX), we must file an extensive application with the CSRC and await approval by CSRC of the listing.
The CSRC has indicated an intent to use these applications in order to protect the PRC from foreign control of (or significant influence
over) important Chinese businesses. We cannot determine what criteria the CSRC will apply for this purpose. The regulations, therefore,
create for our investors a risk that our efforts to finance Longduoduo Health Technology by selling Longduoduo securities abroad will
be restricted, delayed or eliminated by CSRC s implementation of the listing requirements in the Trial Administrative Measures.
That risk, if realized, could prevent us from expanding Longduoduo Health Technology s business, which could reduce or eliminate
the value of Longduoduo common stock. 

25 

If Longduoduo common stock becomes listed on
the OTCQB or an exchange, we will be required to obtain the approval of the PRC government for a business combination, the issuance of
our common stock, or maintaining our status as a publicly listed company outside China. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Trial Administrative Measures ),
which took effect on March 31, 2023. On the same date, the CSRC published on CSRC s official website Supporting Guidance Rules No.
1 through No. 5, Notes on the Trial Administrative Measures, Notice on Administration Arrangements for the Filing of Overseas Listings
by Domestic Enterprises and relevant CSRC Answers to Reporter Questions or, collectively, the Guidance Rules and Notice. 
The Trial Administrative Measures, together with the Guidance Rules and Notice, mandate that issuers whose principal business activities
occur in the PRC must, within three business days after filing with the offshore regulator an application for an offshore offering or
listing of securities on an exchange, submit to CSRC an application for review. The Trial Administrative Measures apply to overseas securities
offerings and/or listings conducted by companies incorporated in the PRC, PRC domestic companies, and companies incorporated overseas
with operations primarily in the PRC, indirect offerings. The Trial Administrative Measures require (1) the filing of the overseas offering
and listing plan by the PRC domestic companies with the CSRC under certain conditions, (2) the filing by the underwriter with the CSRC
under certain conditions and (3) the submission of an annual report to the CSRC within the required timeline. The Trial Administrative
Measures include: (1) criteria to determine whether an issuer will be required to go through the filing procedures under the Trial Administrative
Measures; (2) exemptions from immediate filing requirements for issuers that have already been listed in foreign securities markets, including
U.S. markets, prior to the effective date of the Trial Administrative Measures; (3) a negative list of types of issuers banned from listing
or offering overseas, such as issuers whose affiliates have been recently convicted of bribery and corruption; (4) issuers compliance
with web security, data security, and other national security laws and regulations; (5) issuers filing and reporting obligations,
such as obligation to file with the CSRC after it submits an application for initial public offering to overseas regulators, and obligation
after offering or listing overseas to file with the CSRC after it completes subsequent offerings and to report to the CSRC material events
including change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer; and (6) the CSRC s authority to fine both issuers and
their relevant shareholders for failure to comply with the Trial Administrative Measures, including failure to comply with filing obligations
or committing fraud and misrepresentation. Fines of up to 10 million RMB (approximately US 1.4 million) for non-compliance are authorized. 

Longduoduo plans to apply for listing on the OTCQB
or Nasdaq as soon as we are eligible; if accepted, we would then be subject to the requirements of the Trial Administrative Measures with
respect to any future securities offerings made outside of China. As the Trial Administrative Measures are newly issued, there remain
uncertainties regarding its interpretation and implementation. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the filings
for our future offerings and fully comply with the relevant new rules on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, we face uncertainty regarding
the criteria that CSRS will apply when reviewing filings for approval, and cannot assure that the process will not cause a substantial
reduction in our ability to raise capital in the U.S. 

26 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

We are an emerging growth company and, as
a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive
to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined
in the JOBS Act, and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public
companies. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have
at least 1.07 billion in annual revenue; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates
exceeded 700 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year; (iii) the date on which we have issued more
than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt securities during the prior three-year period; and (iv) the last day of the fiscal year ending
after the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering. The exemptions available to emerging growth companies include the right to
present only two years of audited financial statements in our registration statements and annual reports, an exemption from the auditor
attestation requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act relating to internal controls, reduced disclosure about executive compensation
arrangements, and no requirement to seek non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. Some of
these exemptions are also available to us as a smaller reporting company (i.e. a company with less than 250 million of its voting equity
held by non-affiliates). We have elected to adopt these reduced disclosure requirements. We cannot predict if investors will find our
common stock less attractive as a result of our taking advantage of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result of our choices, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

Pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, we
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of The
JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for
public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with public company effective dates. The decision to opt out is irrevocable. 

Because the worldwide market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, was below 250 million on the last day of our second fiscal quarter, we are also a smaller
reporting company as defined under the Exchange Act. Some of the foregoing reduced disclosure and other requirements are also available
to us because we are a smaller reporting company and may continue to be available to us even after we are no longer an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act but remain a smaller reporting company under the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to: 

have
an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

present
more than two years of audited financial statements in our registration statements and annual reports on Form 10-K; or 

present
any selected financial data in such registration statements and annual reports filings made by the Company. 

27 

Shareholders do not have pre-emptive rights,
which will cause them to experience dilution if we issue additional securities. 

At any time or times, we may issue and sell additional
shares of our authorized but previously unissued shares of common stock, preferred stock, or common stock warrants on such terms and conditions
as our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine without consent of our shareholders. Our shareholders do not have pre-emptive
rights to acquire additional shares should we in the future issue or sell additional securities. Thus, we are not required to offer any
existing shareholder the right to purchase his or her pro rata portion of any future issuance of securities and, therefore, upon the issuance
of any additional securities by us hereafter, our shareholders will not be able to maintain their then existing pro rata ownership in
our outstanding shares of common stock, preferred stock, or common stock warrants without additional purchases of securities at the price
then set internally by us. 

We are unlikely to pay cash dividends in
the foreseeable future. 

We currently intend to retain any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future but will
review this policy as circumstances dictate. Should we decide in the future to do so, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends
and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. In addition, our operating
subsidiaries, from time to time, may be subject to restrictions on their ability to make distributions to us, including as a result of
restrictions on the conversion of local currency into U.S. dollars or other hard currency and other regulatory restrictions. 

Our insiders own the majority of the outstanding
shares of our stock, and accordingly, will have control over stockholder matters, the Company s business and management. 

One shareholder, Zhang Liang, owns, in aggregate,
common stock representing 51.30 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. While he continues to hold the majority of the voting
power in our Company, he will have effective control over the Company. In particular, he will have the ability to: 

Elect
or defeat the election of our directors; 

Prevent
amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; 

Prevent
a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 

Affect
the outcome of any other matter submitted to the shareholders for vote. 

Moreover, because of the significant ownership
position held by our insiders, new investors will not be able to affect a change in the Company s business or management, and therefore,
shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholder. 

In addition, sales of significant amounts of shares
held by our directors and executive officers, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
Management s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control
of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

28 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company does not own any real property. We
believe the premises we now have under lease will be adequate for our operations for the foreseeable future. 

Office Leases 

On August 31, 2023, Qingguo leased office space
(approximately 482 square meters) under an operating lease agreement with Inner Mongolia Chuangfuhui Enterprise Management Co.,
Ltd. Under the terms of the agreement, Qingguo is committed to make lease payments of approximately 30,510 (RMB 220,000) for
the period between September 10, 2023 and September 10, 2024. 

On June 1, 2024, Chengheng leased an office space
(approximately 451 square meters) under an operating lease agreement from Ding Jun. Under the terms of the agreement, Chengheng is committed
to make lease payments of approximately 2,774 (RMB20,000) for the period between June 1, 2024 and May 31, 2025. 

On March 10 of 2024, Longduoduo Health Technology
leased office space (approximately 150 square meters) under an operating lease agreement with Liu Libao. Under the terms of
the agreement, Longduoduo Health Technology is committed to make lease payments of approximately 4,160 (RMB30,000) for the period
between March 10, 2024 and March 10, 2025. 

On April 1 of 2024, Tianju leased office space
(approximately 595 square meters) under an operating lease agreement with Han Ruijun. Under the terms of the agreement, Tianju
is committed to make lease payments of approximately 19,000 (RMB137,000) annually for the period between April 1, 2024 and March
31, 2027. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become involved in legal
proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings
that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

The Company s common stock is quoted on
the OTC Pink Market under the symbol LDDD . The quotations reported on the OTC Pink Market reflect inter-dealer prices without
retail markup, markdown or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The Company s common stock is thinly traded.
The quoted bid and asked prices for the Common Stock vary significantly from week to week. An investor holding shares of the Company s
Common Stock may find it difficult to sell the shares and may find it impossible to sell more than a small number of shares at the quoted
bid price. 

Holders of Securities 

As of the date of filing of this report, we had
50 shareholders of record and 30,005,016 outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001. 

There are currently effective prospectuses that
will permit the public resale of 14,607,993 shares of our common stock now held by shareholders. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock since our inception, and our board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for
the foreseeable future. Any future payment of dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements
and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. There are currently no restrictions that limit our ability to declare cash
dividends on our common stock. 

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility
of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. In addition, each of our subsidiaries
in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve
reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of such entities in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax
profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of
directors. Although the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses
in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event
of liquidation. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

We have no equity compensation plans. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The Company did not have any unregistered sales
of equity securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities 

The Company did not repurchase any of its equity
securities that were registered under Section 12 of the Securities Act during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

30 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The preparation of such financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to useful lives of real estate assets,
bad debts, impairment, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ
from those estimates. The analysis set forth below is provided pursuant to applicable SEC regulations and is not intended to serve as
a basis for projections of future events. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements above. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended June
30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table shows key components of the
results of operations during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Total revenue 
 7,389,842 
 3,818,560 
 3,571,282 
 94 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 173,349 
 591,885 
 (418,536 
 (71 
 
 Gross Profit 
 7,216,493 
 3,226,675 
 3,989,818 
 124 

Total operating expenses 
 5,190,352 
 3,197,437 
 1,992,915 
 62 
 
 Income from operations 
 2,026,141 
 29,238 
 1,996,903 
 6,830 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 (139,656 
 2,093 
 (141,749 
 (6,773 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 1,886,485 
 31,331 
 1,855,154 
 5,921 
 
 Income taxes 
 523,207 
 10,246 
 512,961 
 5,006 
 
 Net income 
 1,363,278 
 21,085 
 1,342,193 
 6,366 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, our total
revenue was 7,389,842, of which 327,599 was attributable to the sale of healthcare services, primarily derived from sales of Immunological
Ozonated Autohemotherapy , Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics , Assay , PRP 
and other healthcare services. The remaining 7,062,243 of revenue was attributable to commissions earned by the Company from its service
as sales agent for Honghai. In June of 2023, the Company began to engage in the sales agent business and focused on the sales of preventive
healthcare solutions administered by Honghai, with whom we have a Sales Agency Agreement. As of June 30, 2024, we operate through five
entities: Longduoduo Health Technology, Tianju, Qingguo, Rongbin and Chengheng, which are established in Ordos, Ulanqab, Huhhot, Baotou
and Ordos, respectively, which include four of the largest cities in Inner Mongolia, China. 

Cost of revenue relates solely to our service
revenue, and mainly consists of our payments to the third-party healthcare service providers who perform healthcare services for our customers.
During the year ended June 30, 2024, our cost of revenue was 173,349, with the result that our gross profit from service revenue was
 154,250 (a gross margin of 47 ). By comparison, our gross profit from service revenue for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 1,208,046,
representing 67 of service revenue for that year. 

When our net service revenue in fiscal year 2024
was combined with commission revenue (for which there is no cost of revenue), we achieved gross profit of 7,216,493. However, we realized
only 2,026,141 in income from operations for the year ended June 30, 2024 because the Company incurred significant marketing expense
in connection with establishing its brand as a new company. The Company will continue to invest heavily in advertising and promotion expenses
in the near future as it continues to establish and expand its brand and products and services. 

Our operating expenses consist primarily of advertising
and promotion expenses, salaries and benefits, office expenses, professional fees and depreciation and amortization. Our operating expenses
in fiscal year 2024 increased by 1,992,915, primarily attributable to: 

3,338,737
in advertising and promotion expenses incurred in the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 1,464,450 recorded in the year ended June
30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to the growth in revenue, which we intend to roll over into expanded advertising
and promotion expense for the purpose of achieving a broader market. 

31 

172,337
in professional fees in the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 142,447 in recorded in the year ended June 30, 2023. In both cases,
the expense was primarily related to the costs incurred by the Company to establish and sustain its status as an SEC-reporting company
in the United States. 

642,094
in salaries and benefits expenses in the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 756,913 in the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease
in our labor costs was primarily caused by the company decreasing the number of employees due to adjustments in its operational policies. 

878,968
in office expenses in the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 701,862 in the year ended June 30, 2023. The increase was mainly attributable
to the growth in revenue, which required additional administrative services. 

Our net income for the year ended June 30, 2024
was 1,363,278, compared to a net income of 21,085 in the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Each of the four subsidiaries of Longduoduo Health
Technology has a minority shareholder holding from 10 of its equity (Qingguo) to 49 of its equity (Tianju). For that reason, we allocate
to non-controlling interests the portion of net income corresponding to the minority interest. After that allocation of 107,830, the
net income attributable to common stockholders for the year ended June 30, 2024 was 1,255,448 (i.e. 0.042 per share). By comparison,
for the year ended June 30, 2023 we recorded a net loss attributable to common stockholders of 39,089). 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Our
local currency, the Renminbi (RMB), is our functional currency. Results of operations and cash flow are translated at average exchange
rates during the period being reported upon, and assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate as quoted by OANDA
on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in other comprehensive income (loss). For
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, foreign currency translation adjustments of (11,772) and 46,099, respectively, have been
reported as other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had 1,404,042
in cash and cash equivalents. On the same date, we had a working capital of only 395,609, primarily because we had received 713,360
from customers as prepayment for future services and products but used the majority of the deposited sum to pay ongoing expenses and so
had only 124,427 in prepayments on our June 30, 2024 balance sheet. Going forward, we will strive to achieve a better balance of customer
deposits and prepayments; but we will achieve that better balance only when profits from operations and funds from financing are adequate
to support the expansion effort that will be necessary for successful operations. 

We anticipate that our future liquidity requirements
will arise from the need to fund our growth, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding for
such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from a public offering and/or debt financing.
We expect Zhang Liang, our majority shareholder, to continue to provide support in the future, if needed. However, we can provide no assurances
that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us,
if at all, to remain a going concern. 

32 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For the Years Ended June 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 582,282 
 965,337 
 (383,055 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (305,495 
 (125,880 
 (179,615 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 - 
 (143,333 
 143,333 
 
 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents 
 (9,307 
 83,766 
 (93,073 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 267,480 
 779,890 
 (512,410 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 1,136,562 
 356,672 
 779,890 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 1,404,042 
 1,136,562 
 267,480 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

For the year ended June 30, 2024, we had cash
provided by operating activities of 582,282, compared to 965,337 for the year ended June 30, 2023. Cash provided by operations during
the year ended June 30, 2024 was primarily due to recording net income of 1,363,278 and receiving 126,980 in deposits by customers for
future services, from which we used 689,296 to reduce accounts payable and 100,092 to pay off loans made to us by related parties. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended June 30, 2024 was 305,495, compared to 125,880 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The cash was used for the purchase of fixed
assets and office decoration. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities for the
year ended June 30, 2024 was 0 compared to 143,333 in cash used in financing activities during the year ended June 30, 2023, which represented
the sum we repaid on a short-term loan. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make significant
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes
in these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company
bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 

In our preparation of the financial statements
for the year ended June 30, 2024, there was no estimate made which was (a) subject to a high degree of uncertainty and (b) material to
our results. 

33 

Trends, Events and Uncertainties 

The U.S. government, including the SEC, has made
statements and taken actions that have led to changes in relations between the U.S. and China, and will impact companies with connections
to the United States or China. Those actions by the U.S. government included imposing several rounds of tariffs affecting certain products
manufactured in China and imposing sanctions and restrictions in relation to China. Actions by the SEC included issuing statements indicating
that it would make enhanced review of companies with significant China-based operations. It is unknown whether and to what extent new
legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws or regulations will be adopted, or the effect that any such actions would have on U.S.-domiciled
companies with significant connections to China, our industry or on us. Any unfavorable government policies on cross-border relations,
including increased scrutiny on companies with significant China-based operations, capital controls or tariffs, may affect our ability
to raise capital and the market price of our shares. If any new legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws and/or regulations are implemented,
if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or if the U.S. or Chinese governments take retaliatory actions due to the recent U.S.-China
tensions, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to raise
capital and the market price of our shares. Changes in United States and China relations and/or regulations may adversely impact our business,
our operating results, our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

Other than the factors listed above we do not
know of any trends, events or uncertainties that have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact on our net sales or revenues
or income from continuing operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

There were no recent accounting pronouncements
that we expect to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. Please refer to Note 2 of
our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

34 

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID year ended June 30, 2024 F - 2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 822) year ended June 30, 2023 F - 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 F - 5 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F - 6 Consolidated Statement of Changes in shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F - 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F - 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F - 9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Longduoduo Co. Ltd. 

OPINION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Longduoduo
Co. Ltd. (the Company as of June 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of June 30, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

BASIS FOR OPINION 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

CRITICAL AUDIT MATTERS 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

October 15, 2024 

PCAOB ID Number 6797 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Longduoduo Company Limited: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Longduoduo Company Limited (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and the related consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive income, changes in deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 2. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 3 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit maters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Commission Revenue 

The Company s consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended June 30, 2023 includes commission revenue of 2,010,045. Substantially all of the commission revenue was
derived from a contract executed in June 2023 with a third-party healthcare provider. Under the contract, the Company refers customers
to the third-party provider, which is wholly responsible for fulfillment of the services to the customer. The Company has no performance
commitment or liability to the customer. The Company recognizes commission revenue upon acceptance of the customer contract by the third-party
provider in an amount equal to the net of the gross amount received from the customer less the amount payable to the third-party provider. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to commission revenue is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgement by management to
determine whether to account for the transactions in an agent or principal capacity and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgement, subjectivity,
and effort in performing procedures relating to commission revenue. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included, among other things, evaluating the conclusions reached by management and reviewing both contracts with customers and the contract
between the Company and the third-party provider. 

/s/ Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. 

Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. 

Freeport, New York 

November 14, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2023. 

F- 4 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other receivables 

Prepayments 

Inventories 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible asset, net 
 -

Right-of-use assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Security deposits 
 -

Other payables 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock; par value, shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 -
 
 -

Common stock; par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Non-controlling interests 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) attributable to the common stockholders 

Total liabilities and equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues: 

Service revenue 

Product revenue 
 -

Commission revenue 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenue: 

Cost of service revenue 

Cost of product revenue 
 -

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive income 

Less: comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive income attributable to the common stockholders 

Basic and diluted income(loss) per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
(DEFICIT) 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated Other 
 Total Stockholder 
 Non- 
 Total 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 controlling Interests 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

-
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Adjustment for the reverse stock split 

-
 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 
 -

Operating lease expense 

Stock compensation expense 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other receivables 

Prepayments 

Inventories 

Due from related parties 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Security deposits 

Other payables 

Payment of operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of intangible asset 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from short-term borrowing from third party 
 -

Net cash (used in) Financing Activities 
 -

Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Share issuance for lease payment 
 -
 
 -

Share issuance in exchange for equipment 
 -
 
 -

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest expense 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

shares of its common stock to the original shareholders of Longduoduo HK,
in exchange for of the outstanding shares of Longduoduo HK (the Share Exchange ). 

Longduoduo
Health Technology Company Limited Longduoduo Health Technology ), a privately held Limited Company registered
in Inner Mongolia, China on August 20, 2020. On August 16, 2021, Longduoduo HK acquired of the ownership of Longduoduo Health
Technology from the original shareholders of Longduoduo Health Technology. 

Inner
Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting Company Limited Qingguo ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner
Mongolia, China on June 18, 2020. On September 8, 2020, Longduoduo Health Technology acquired of the ownership of Qingguo from
the original shareholders of Qingguo. 

Inner
Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Company Limited Rongbin ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner
Mongolia, China on March 18, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled of the ownership of Rongbin since established. 

Inner
Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Company Limited Chengheng ), a privately held Limited Company registered
in Inner Mongolia, China on April 9, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled of the ownership of Chengheng since established. 

Inner
Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Company Limited Tianju ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner
Mongolia, China on July 5, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled of Tianju since inception. 

The transactions summarized above are treated
in the Company s financial statements as a corporate restructuring (reorganization) of entities under common control, as each of
the seven entities have at all times been under the control of Mr. Zhang Liang. Therefore, in accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5, the current
capital structure has been retroactively presented in prior periods as if such structure existed at that time, and the entities under
common control are presented on a combined basis for all periods. Since all of the subsidiaries were under common control for all periods
presented, the results of these subsidiaries are included in the Company s financial statements for all periods presented. 

F- 9 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

, negative working capital of ,
and a stockholders deficit of . For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had net income of . The Company s
independent auditor included a going concern emphasis paragraph in its audit report for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

, working capital of , and stockholders equity of . For the years ended
June 30, 2024, the Company had net income of 1,363,278. Although we cannot guarantee that we will continue to achieve profits in our
operations, the initial results of the change in our business plan have reduced our doubts concerning the ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern. 

of assets, liabilities, and net income or loss of these subsidiaries. 

HK Longduoduo Health Technology Company Limited Inner Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting Company Limited Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Company Limited Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Company Limited Inner Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Company Limited 

F- 10 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

/ 
 / 
 
 Revenue and expenses 
 period weighted average 
 / 
 / 

(approximately USD ). As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the
Company had and cash in excess of the insured amount, respectively. 

of commission revenue. 

Supplier B 

Supplier C 

F- 11 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

years 
 
 Leasehold Improvements 
 - years 

years 

F- 12 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

segment in accordance
with the accounting guidance in FASB ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting . The company s revenues are from customers in
the People s Republic of China PRC ). Substantially all assets of the Company are located in the PRC. 

and
 as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. Management s provision for sales returns and allowances was 
and , respectively, of the total service revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

and as of June 30,
2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. Management s provision for sales returns and allowances was and , respectively,
of the total product revenue for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company terminated its sales of healthcare products during
the year ended June 30, 2023. 

F- 13 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

and
 , respectively. 

F- 14 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

Leasehold improvement 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

The Company recorded depreciation expense of for
the year ended June 30, 2024, of which was recorded as operating expense and was recorded as cost of
revenue. 

The Company recorded depreciation expense of for
the year ended June 30, 2023, of which was recorded as operating expense and was recorded as cost of
revenue. 

Zhou Hongxiao 
 -

Total 

Until
November 29, 2023, Zhang Liang was the President and Chairman of the Board of Longduoduo. Mr. Zhang Liang controls approximately of
Longduoduo s issued and outstanding common stock. Zhou Hongxiao
is the CEO and a director of Longduoduo. These advances due to related parties are unsecured, repayable on demand, and bear no interest. 

. 

Hong Kong 

Longduoduo HK was incorporated in Hong Kong
and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax. Longduoduo HK is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and income
arising in or derived from Hong Kong. The applicable statutory tax rate is . The Company did not have any income (loss)
subject to the Hong Kong profits tax. 

China 

Longduoduo Health Technology and subsidiaries
are subject to a standard enterprise income tax in the PRC. The Company accrued and of PRC income tax for the
year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

F- 15 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

Foreign 

Total Income before income taxes 

U.S. valuation allowance 

Income tax (benefit) at USA effective rate 

Utilization of net operating loss carry forward 

PRC valuation allowance 
 
 -

Income tax (benefit) at PRC effective rate 

The Company did not recognize deferred tax assets
since it is not more likely than not that it will realize such deferred taxes. The deferred tax would apply to Longduoduo in the U.S.
and Longduoduo Health Technology and subsidiaries in China. 

As of June 30, 2024, Longduoduo Health Technology
and its subsidiaries have total net operating loss carry forwards of approximately in the PRC that expire through 2029.
Due to the uncertainty of utilizing these carry forwards, the Company provided a allowance on all deferred tax assets of approximately
 and related to its operations in the PRC as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The PRC valuation allowance has
decreased by and decreased by for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The Company has incurred losses from its United
States operations during the year ended June 30, 2024 of approximately . The Company s United States operations consist
solely of ownership of its foreign subsidiaries, and the losses arise from administration expenses. Accordingly, management provided a 
valuation allowance of approximately and against the deferred tax assets related to the Company s United
States operations as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, because the deferred tax benefits of the net operating loss carry forwards
in the United States are not likely to be utilized. The US valuation allowance has increased by approximately and for
the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 

The Company is subject to examination by the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) in the United States as well as by the taxing authorities in China, where the Company has significant
business operations. 

China 

square meters) under an operating lease agreement with Inner Mongolia Chuangfuhui Enterprise Management Co.,
Ltd. Under the terms of the agreement, Qingguo is committed to make lease payments of approximately (RMB for
the period between September 10, 2023 and September 10, 2024. 

On June 1, 2024, Chengheng leased an office space
(approximately square meters) under an operating lease agreement from Ding Jun. Under the terms of the agreement, Chengheng is committed
to make lease payments of approximately (RMB )for the period between June 1, 2024 and May 31, 2025. 

F- 16 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

square meters) under an operating lease agreement with Liu Libao. Under the terms of
the agreement, Longduoduo Health Technology is committed to make lease payments of approximately (RMB for the period
between March 10, 2024 and March 10, 2025. 

On April 1 of 2024, Tianju leased office space
(approximately square meters) under an operating lease agreement with Han Ruijun. Under the terms of the agreement, Tianju
is committed to make lease payments of approximately (RMB annually for the period between April 1, 2024 and March
31, 2027. 

Leases with an initial term of months or less
are not recorded on the balance sheet. Operating lease cost is recognized as a single lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease
term and is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption
of Topic 842, the Company did not combine lease and non-lease components. 

Most leases do not include options to renew. The
exercise of lease renewal options has to be agreed to by the lessors. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited
by the term of leases, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. Lease expense is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease expense related to these noncancelable operating leases was and
 for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Total Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: Operating leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases 

As most of the Company s leases do not provide
an implicit rate, the Company uses - borrowing rate from bank of and based on the information available
at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

F- 17 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

common shares (valued at to Kang Liping (Chief Financial Officer of the Company) as compensation. 

On
September 21, 2023, the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 . . The Certificate of Change did not change the number
of authorized shares of Common Stock, which remains shares. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse
stock split; any fractional shares that resulted from the reverse split were rounded up to the nearest whole share. The accompanying financial
statements have been adjusted to retroactively reflect this reverse stock split. 

F- 18 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND JUNE 30,
2023 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic and diluted 

, , and interest of Qingguo, Chengheng, Rongbin and Tianju as of June
30, 2024, respectively. 

As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the non-controlling
interests in the consolidated balance sheet was and ), respectively. 

For year ended June 30, 2024, the comprehensive
income attributable to common stockholders and non-controlling interests were and , respectively. 

For year ended June 30, 2023, the comprehensive
income attributable to common stockholders and non-controlling interests were and , respectively. 

F- 19 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management maintains disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the material information required to be disclosed by us in our periodic reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, as of June 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures have the
following material weaknesses: 

The
relatively small number of employees who are responsible for accounting functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal
control system. 

Our
internal financial staff lack expertise in identifying and addressing complex accounting issues under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer is not familiar with the accounting and reporting requirements of a U.S. public company. 

We
have not developed sufficient documentation concerning our existing financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls. 

Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s system of disclosure controls and procedures was not effective
as of June 30, 2024 for the purposes described in this paragraph. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act. The Company s management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s
financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial
reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
the Company s transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the
Company s financial statements and that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material
effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

35 

As of June 30, 2024, our management, under the
supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c) under the Exchange Act. In making this assessment,
Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (1992), including the following five framework components: i) control environment, ii) risk assessment, iii)
control activities, iv) information and communications, and v) monitoring. In the course of making our assessment of the effectiveness
of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified four material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
These material weaknesses consisted of the four material weaknesses identified above under the heading Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. 

Management does not believe that the current level
of the Company s operations warrants a remediation of the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However, because of the above
condition, management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as
of June 30, 2024. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm as we
are a smaller reporting company. 

Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate
the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as well as its internal control over financial reporting, on an ongoing basis,
and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. However, our management
cannot guarantee that the measures taken or any future measures will remediate the material weaknesses identified or that any additional
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses described above, our management believes that there are no material
inaccuracies or omissions of material fact and, to the best of its knowledge, believes that the consolidated financial statements included
in this annual report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the
periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

No changes in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting has come to management s attention during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected,
or are likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

36 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Name and Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Position/Title 
 
 Xu Huibo 
 
 42 
 
 President and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Wu Binbin 
 
 36 
 
 Director 
 
 Shan Bo 
 
 42 
 
 Director 
 
 Ma Jiayang 
 
 29 
 
 Director 
 
 Kang Liping 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

The
business address for all directors and officers is G3-5-8016, Shui an Town, Ruyi Headquarte, Hohhot Economic Development District, Hohhot,
Inner Mongolia, China 010000. 

Xu Huibo, President and Chairman of the Board 

Xu
Huibo has been engaged in developing business strategies and assisting in their implementation for the past decade. Since 2022, Xu Huibo
has been employed as Chairman and President of Jinrong Holdings (Hainan) Group Co., Ltd., where he was responsible for directing that
company s overall business strategy and operations. Jinrong Holdings
operates a number of hospitals, primarily focused on the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. From 1917 to 2022 Xu Huibo served as Chairman
of Fengqi Technology Co., Ltd., which provided business consulting services to the biotechnology and health management industries. Xu
Huibo provided financial management advice to the company s clients,
as well as formulating strategic initiatives appropriate for the client s
overall business plan. From 2014 to 2016 Xu Huibo provided similar services as Chairman of Zhengzhou Suhe Asset Management Co., Ltd.,
an enterprise management and consulting firm. In 2006 Mr. Xu was awarded a Bachelor s
Degree in Finance by Shandong University. 

Zhou Hongxiao, Chief Executive Officer and
Director 

Ms. Zhou has served as our Chief Executive Officer CEO and director since the incorporation of the Company. Ms. Zhou was employed by Tianjin Aike Clothing Co., Ltd. from
2004 to 2016 and served as Marketing Manager. From 2017 to 2019, Ms. Zhou was employed by Tianyan Tea Industry Co., Ltd. and served as
Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Zhou was employed by Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd as CEO since 2020. Ms. Zhou is familiar with sales
management and sales regulations and related laws. She is responsible for business operations, budget development, analysis and oversight,
marketing including volume growth/program development; expense control, policy and procedure development and implementation, and process
development to facilitate regulatory compliance. She is responsible for the overall operation of Longduoduo. Ms. Zhou brings to the Board
her experience in business oversight and financial and budgetary matters. Ms. Zhou was awarded a bachelor s degree by Inner Mongolia
Radio and Television University in 2003. She obtained her Fine Chemical Industry College degree from Jilin Province Jilin City Institute
of Technology in 1998. 

Wu Binbin, Director. 

Wu
Binbin has been employed through the past decade in financial management and accounting. From 2017 until 2022 Wu Binbin was employed as
Chief Financial Officer of Shenzhen Qianhai Rongsheng Capital Management Co., Ltd., which provides comprehensive financial management
services to its clients. In that position, Mr. Wu specialized in developing executive compensation programs for his firm s
clients. From 2013 until 2016 Mr. Wu was employed as Audit Manager by Henan Ruixiang Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd., which provides
accounting, audit and tax audit services to its clients. Wu Binbin was licensed as an accountant in China in 2013, having been awarded
a Bachelor s Degree with a concentration in finance and taxation
by Henan University of Finance and Economics in 2012. 

37 

Shan Bo, Director . 

Shan Bo has been employed during the past twenty
years in financial management and accounting. Since 2018 he has served as Chief Financial Officer for OFILM Group, a manufacturing company
that is publicly-held in China. From 2015 until 2018, Shan Bo was employed as Manager of the Investment Department of China Orient Asset
Management Corporation. From 2005 until 2015 Shan Bo was a partner in Zhongxinghua Certified Public Accountants LLP. Shan Bo will bring
to Longduoduo his expertise in both financial management and accounting, but also corporate strategy and business planning. 

Ma Jiayang, Director 

Since September 2019, Ma Jiayang has been employed
as a lawyer by the Inner Mongolia Shuoda Law Firm, where she specializes in resolution of ownership disputes and financial contract disputes.
During her tenure at Inner Mongolia Shuoda Law Firm, Ms. Ma has served as legal advisor to government entities, including the Education
Bureau of Baotou City, Shahe South Village and West Village in Erdao, Baotou City, as well as the Baotou Branch of China Construction
Bank. Ma Jiayang graduated from Inner Mongolia University in 2019 with a Bachelor s degree in law. 

Kang Liping, Chief Financial Officer 

Ms. Kang has served as our Chief Financial Officer CFO since July 2021. Kang Liping was employed by Inner Mongolia Tiantai Technology Co., Ltd from 2020 to 2021 and served
as accounting supervisor. From 2006 to 2016, Ms. Kang was employed by Inner Mongolia Guanhong Century Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.
and served as accounting supervisor. Between 2017 to 2020, Ms. Kang served as accounting supervisor at Inner Mongolia Tiantai Technology
Co., Ltd. Ms. Kang was awarded a bachelor s degree with a major in Accounting by Inner Mongolia University of Technology in 2005. 

There are no family relationships among any of
our directors or executive officers. 

Our directors hold office until the next annual
general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board
of directors and hold office until resignation or removal by the board. 

Legal Proceedings Involving Officers and
Directors 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none
of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

Had
a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

Been
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

38 

Been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been
the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

On November 30, 2023 the Board of Directors adopted
the Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Longduoduo Company Limited. Shan Bo, Wu Binbin and Ma Jiayang
are the members of the Audit Committee. They are each an independent director. The Board of Directors has determined that Shan Bo is an
audit committee financial expert, as defined in the Rules of the SEC, by reason of his experience as a public accountant in connection
with financial statements prepared pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Compensation Committee 

On November 30, 2023 the Board of Directors adopted
the Charter of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Longduoduo Company Limited. Our compensation committee
reviews and recommends policies, practices and procedures relating to compensation for our directors and officers and advises and consults
with our officers regarding the compensation of managerial personnel and its relation to corporate development. Wu Binbin, Xu Huibo and
Ma Jiayang are the members of the Compensation Committee. Wu Binbin and Ma Jiayang are each an independent director. Wu Binbin serves
as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 

Nominating Committee 

On November 30, 2023 the Board of Directors adopted
the Charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of Longduoduo Company Limited. 
Our nominating and corporate governance committee evaluates the composition, size and governance of our Board of Directors and its committees,
evaluates and recommends candidates for election to our Board of Directors, establishes a policy for considering stockholder nominees
and reviewing our corporate governance principles and provides recommendations to the Board of Directors. Ma Jiayang, Wu Binbin and Shan
Bo are the members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. They are each an independent director. Ma Jiayang serves as the
Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 

Code of Ethics 

On November 30, 2023 the Board of Directors adopted
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code is applicable to all officers, directors and employees of the Company.
A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is filed as an exhibit to this Report. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reports
Compliance 

Under U.S. securities laws, commencing on November
27, 2023 when we registered our common stock with the SEC, directors, certain officers and persons holding more than 10 of our common
stock must report their initial ownership of our common stock and any changes in their ownership to the SEC. The SEC has designated specific
due dates for these reports and we must identify in this Annual Report on Form 10-K those persons who did not file these reports when
due. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of copies of the reports filed with the SEC, we believe that all reporting requirements
for fiscal year 2024 were complied with by each person who at any time during the 2024 fiscal year was a director or an executive officer
or held more than 10 of our common stock, 

39 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth all compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid by Longduoduo or its subsidiaries to its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer during the past two fiscal years. There was no officer or employee whose compensation for fiscal year 2024 exceeded 100,000. 

Non-Equity 
 Non-qualified 

Incentive 
 Deferred 
 All 

Name and
 Principal 
 Year 
 Ended 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Plan 
 Comp. 
 Comp. 
 Earnings 
 Other 
 Comp. 
 Total 
 
 Position 
 June 30 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Xu
 Huibo 
 2024 
 41,784 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 41,784 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 

Zhang
 Liang 

Chairman
 of the Board 
 2023 
 45,097 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,097 
 
 Zhou
 Hongxiao 
 2024 
 38,218 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 38,218 
 
 CEO 
 2023 
 26,182 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26,182 
 
 Kang
 Liping 
 2024 
 19,646 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,646 
 
 CFO 
 2023 
 31,906 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,906 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

There were no unexercised options, stock that
has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards for any officer or employee as of June 30, 2024 or 2023, respectively. 

Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment,
Change-in-Control Arrangements 

We have entered into employment contracts with
our executive officers under the term of salary disclosed on the summary compensation table. Each party to the contract may terminate
the contract upon thirty days prior written notice. We have not entered into any other arrangements with our executive officers. There
are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments to be made by us, with respect to our officers, directors or consultants
that would result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination of such directors, officers or consultants from us. There
are no compensation arrangements for directors, officers, employees or consultants that would result from a change-in-control. 

Compensation of Directors 

We have no formal plan for compensating our directors
for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may award special remuneration
to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of the Company other than services ordinarily required of a director. To date,
we have paid no compensation to any person for services as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

40 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock for (1) each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more
than 5 of our common stock; (2) each of our named executive officers; (3) each of our directors; and (4) all of our executive officers
and directors as a group. 

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons
who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial
owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, the
persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned
by them, subject to applicable community property laws. The address for each person listed in the table is c/o Longduoduo, 419, Floor
4, Comprehensive Building, Second Light Hospital, Ordos Street, Yuquan District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia. 

The percentage ownership information shown in
the table below is calculated based on 30,005,016 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this report. We
do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 Amount of 
 Beneficial Ownership of 
 Common Stock (1) 
 Percentage Ownership of 
 Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Xu Huibo 
 
 106,000 
 0.35 
 
 Shan Bo 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Wu Binbin 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ma Jiayang 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Kang Liping 
 
 5,000 
 0.02 

- 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 
 
 111,000 
 0.37 

5 or Greater Shareholders 

Zhang Liang 
 
 15,392,015 
 51.30 
 
 Li Qiaozhen 
 
 1,595,502 
 5.32 
 
 Liu Jiazhong 
 
 1,527,191 
 5.09 
 
 Guo Xiaozhen 
 
 1,676,675 
 5.59 

(1) Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the common stock.
All shares represent only common stock held by shareholders as no options are issued or outstanding. 

We are not aware of any contract or other arrangement
the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our Company. 

Registration Rights 

We have registered for resale by security holders
under the Securities Act 14,607,993 shares of our common stock owned of record by 48 shareholders. 

41 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

There was no transaction in which a related person
had a material interest during the past fiscal year nor any currently proposed transaction, in which the amount involved exceeded the
lesser of 120,000 or one percent of our average total assets at the end of the two most recent fiscal years. 

Director Independence 

The Company s Board of Directors has determined
that Shan Bo, Wu Binbin and Ma Jiayang are independent directors, as independence is defined in the Rules of the NYSE American. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. was engaged to serve
as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on September 29, 2023. 

Bush Associates CPA LLC was engaged to serve
as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on August 12, 2024. 

The following table shows the fees that were billed
for the audit and other services provided by Michael T. Studer CPA P.C.with respect to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and by Bush
 Associates CPA LLC with respect to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit fees 
 128,000 
 120,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Our Board of Directors pre-approves all audit
and non-audit services performed by the Company s auditor and the fees to be paid in connection with such services. 

42 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (1) 
 
 3.1(b) 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 filed on September 21, 2023 (4) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Registrant (1) 
 
 4(iv) 
 
 Description of Common Stock(5) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Sales Agency Agreement, dated June 20, 2023 and expiring on June 20, 2026 by and between (a) Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd. and Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. Honghai ), (b) Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Co., Ltd. and Honghai, (c) Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Co., Ltd. and Honghai, (d) Inner Mongolia Qinguo Health Consulting Co., Ltd. and Honghai, and (e) Inner Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Company Limited and Honghai. 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Company Subsidiaries (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2023. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the description of the common stock
contained in the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 27, 2023 

43 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Kang Liping 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Kang Liping 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report
has been signed below on October 15, 2024 by the following persons, on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 Chief Executive Officer; Director 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 

/s/ Kang Liping 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Kang Liping 

/s/ Xu Huibo 
 
 Director 
 
 Xu Huibo 

/s/ Wu Binbin 
 
 Director 
 
 Wu Binbin 

/s/ Shan Bo 
 
 Director 
 
 Shan Bo 

/s/ Ma Jiayang 
 
 Director 
 
 Ma Jiayang 

44 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ea021603901ex10-1_longduo.htm
 FORM OF SALES AGENCY AGREEMENT, DATED JUNE 20, 2023 AND EXPIRING ON JUNE 20, 2026 BY AND BETWEEN (A) LONGDUODUO HEALTH TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. AND INNER MONGOLIA HONGHAI HEALTH MANAGEMENT CO., LTD. ("HONGHAI")

Exhibit 10.1 

Sales Agency Agreement

Party A: Longduoduo Health Technology
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150104MA0QTDXG5T 

Legal representative: Zhang Liang 

Contact address: Room 8016, Floor 8, Building
5, G3 Area, Shui an Xiaozhen, Ruyi Headquarters Base, Hohhot Economic Development Zone, Hohhot City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150102MACN3N2449 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

Contact address: Daxue Science Park, Genghis Khan
Street, Xincheng District, Hohhot City 

Whereas Party A is a health consultation organization
legally established and has extensive customer resources and Party B is a professional health management organization and can provide
convenient, professional and effective health management service plans and specific service, based on resource complementarity and the
spirit of sincerity, equality and achieving win-win result, Party A and Party B reached an agreement as follows after friendly negotiation
for mutual compliance. 

Article 1 Term of contract 

The term of contract is from June 20, 2023 
to June 20, 2026 , for a total of 3 years. 

Article 2 The matter of cooperation 

1. Party B is responsible for developing products
(or services) and Party A is responsible for promoting and sales. 

2. The specific products (or services) involved in
the cooperation between Party B and Party A include trioxygen autotransfusion, awakening brain and dredging collaterals, double blood
purification in Germany technology, hyperbaric trioxygen, colon hydrotherapy, intestinal flora transplantation, custom-made Juncao and
the combination of these items. 

If Party B is going to develop a new product (or
a new kind of service), Party B should inform Party A and Party A has the right to determine whether to sell the product (or service)
for Party B as it deems necessary. 

Article 3 Way of cooperation 

Party B is the party responsible for providing service
for customers and shall ensure sufficient supply of service and products. In case of short supply, Party B shall inform Party A of suspending
selling in advance. Any losses resulting from short supply shall be borne by Party B; Party B shall be responsible for managing customers 
sales return. Any losses arising from sales return shall be borne by Party B. Within the scope of the matter of cooperation in the agreement,
Party A will not bear any responsibilities concerning inventory. 

When selling products or services of Party B to customers,
Party A shall obtain customer information and issue valid documents according to Party B s requirement so that Party B can serve
for customers. After the selling, Party A shall deliver sales information to Party B in time and both parties will check and confirm through
 Details of Sales Agency . After confirmation, both parties shall settle the fees according to the settlement amount agreed
by the item service, and Party A will no longer bear any other expenses except for this, including the corresponding extra expenses incurred
when customers require replacing products or service items. Party B needs to make a decision on whether to replace and bear the corresponding
expenses. 

The products and services that have been sold by
Party A and are agreed by Party A s customers to be provided by Party B before Party A and Party B sign the cooperation agreement
follow the above way of cooperation. Party B will act as the service provider to be responsible for providing all the products or services
and after-sales services to these customers. 

Article 4 Fees settlement 

1. Collection and pricing 

Party A can only implement the pricing plan for products
(or services) sold externally after negotiating with Party B. The temporary plan at present: considering there is a high sales and promotion
expense, marketing expenses can be reserved for Party A apart from the agency fee. The pricing of products (or services) sold by Party
A shall refer to the following rules: selling price =gross profit of Party A + Settlement price of Party B + marketing expenses reserved,
among them, the gross profit reference of Party A is 30 5 ), the marketing expenses reserved can generally less than 40 of
the selling price of products (or services); Party A and Party B shall negotiate additionally if the above range is surpassed. Party A
shall collect the full amount of products (or services) purchased by customers first and then pay to Party B according to the settlement
price (Item 2 of this article). 

2 

2. Service settlement between Party A and Party B
is as follows (Party A and Party B shall sign supplementary agreement if there are any changes): 

Service items 
 
 Unit price 
 (Rmb yuan/Time, 
 Course, Set) 
 
 Trioxygen autotransfusion 
 
 160 
 
 Awakening brain and dredging collaterals 
 
 1400 
 
 Double blood purification in Germany 
 
 11000 
 
 Hyperbaric trioxygen 
 
 800 
 
 Colon hydrotherapy 
 
 800 
 
 Intestinal flora transplantation 
 
 6000 
 
 Custom-made Juncao 
 
 2000 

3. After the contract is signed, Party A will
pay RMB 500,000 (in words: Five Hundred Thousand Yuan only) to Party B in a lump sum. The amount is used to certify Party
A s financial strength and sincere cooperation. Party A can ask for the refund any time and Party B shall refund to Party A
unconditionally; Party A can also use the amount to deduct the arrears payable to Party B after the cooperation starts. Both parties
shall settle after stamping on the Details of Sales Agency for confirmation. Within 10 workdays after completion of
reconciliation, Party A shall pay the service fees to Party B in a lump sum. 

Article 5 Rights and obligations of Party A 

1. Party A shall ensure that it has legal qualification
of health consultation and the behavior of providing sales to customers is compliant with the laws and regulations of China in force.
Party A is not allowed to obtain customer resources in illegal or improper means, otherwise, Party B has the right to terminate the contract. 

2. During the cooperation period between two parties,
Party B will identify and register obligations of performance according to the Details of Sales Agency , Invoices
for Sales and other bills provided by Party A. The performance obligations of Party B against customers include those concerning
the products (or services) purchased and related after-sales service. Party A needs to be responsible for the correctness and completeness
of the Details of Sales Agency it provides to Party B and Party A shall ensure the service evidences issued to customers
are recognized by Party B, true, identifiable and correspond to the list of customer entrustment. If there is a change in the Details
of Sales Agency , Party A shall provide Party B with the updated list in time; if Party B is unable to provide service in time since
the list is not updated in time, Party A shall bear any responsibilities arising thereof. 

3. Any contradictions, disputes and other matters
between Party A and customers in sales for the reasons of Party A shall be handled by Party A on its own, and any contradictions, disputes
and other matters arising from the supply of products or service in the charge of Party B shall be handled by Party B. 

3 

Article 6 Party B s rights and obligations 

1. Relevant services provided by Party B shall comply
with national and industrial standards. 

2. Party B is qualified for carrying out relevant
products, including but not limited to workplace, staff, qualification (including qualifications of any third party cooperating with Party
B through a contract), any fees incurred shall be at Party B s cost. 

3. When providing medical service, Party B shall
point out the items provided to customers and get their consent. 

4. Party B has the obligations of keeping the materials,
information and other data provided by Party A for the purpose specified therein confidential. Without the permission of Party A, Party
B and Party B s staff are not allowed to disclose Party A s business secret they get to know during cooperation to any third
party, nor can Party B and Party B s staff be allowed to disclose any of Party A s customer information, data and other relevant
information they get to know during the working process to any third party. 

5. Party B shall provide Party A with its valid business
license and relevant qualifications prior to signing of the contract and Party B shall be responsible for the authenticity and validity
of the said documentary evidences. 

6. Party B shall reasonably plan the consumption
schedule of items for customers and conduct follow-up services before and after treatment to ensure service quality. 

7. If there is a dispute between Party B and customers
due to poor service quality 

provided by Party B or damage caused by provision
of service, or other causes attributive to Party B, Party B shall be responsible for resolution on its own. 

There is a possible medical behavior in the service
provided by Party B. Considering the medical behavior has high professionality and is required national qualification, any problems
arising from the medical behavior are the responsibility of Party B and have nothing to do with Party A. 

8. If it is discovered by Party B that there is a
possible major hidden danger in the products or service during cooperation, Party B shall inform Party A in writing in time and property
handle the entrustment task to avoid a hidden danger. 

Article 7 Change, relief and termination of the
contract 

1. Party A and Party B can change or terminate the
contract through consensus. 

2. In the event that one party exercises the right
of termination without any reason, resulting in losses to the other party, except for the cause not attributive to the other party, the
party shall compensate for the direct losses incurred by the other party and the benefits that can be obtained by the other party after
performance of the contract, including the losses lost by the other party due to concluding the contract with the terminating party and
losing other opportunities of concluding a contract. 

3. After the contract is terminated and relieved,
Party B shall complete handover of relevant work within 2 months and elaborate relevant business status. 

4 

Article 8 Responsibility for breach of contract 

1. If one party violates the obligations stipulated
in the contract, resulting in the contract being unable to be performed in whole or in part, and the contract purpose unable to be realized,
the observant party has the right to terminate the contract and ask the default party to compensate for the losses arising thereof. The
observant party has the right to claim for compensation of the fees incurred in the process of responsibility investigation against the
default party, including but not limited to attorney fees, travel fees, legal cost, and preservation fees, etc., which shall be borne
by the default party. 

2. If Party B fails to supply as agreed therein,
Party A has the right to ask Party B to take remedial measures. For any losses caused to Party A, Party A has the right to ask Party B
to compensate. If Party B refuses to take remedial measures within 7 days after being requested by Party A, Party A has the right to terminate
the contract and ask Party B to pay 30 of the total contract price (subject to the amount actually paid by Party A) to be used as the
liquidated damages. 

3. If Party A delays in the paying the settlement
amount to Party B without reasonable 

cause, for each day overdue, Party A shall pay liquidated
damages for overdue payment to Party B according to 0.05 of the overdue payment each day. The total liquidated damages cannot
surpass 1 of the total contract price. 

Article 9 Other matters 

1. For matters not covered in the contract, both
parties can sign supplementary agreement through negotiation. The supplementary agreement has the same legal effect as the contract. 

2. During the performance process of the contract,
if there is a dispute, both parties shall negotiate to resolve first. If no agreement can be reached, either party has the right to file
a suit to the People s Court at Party A s site . 

3. The contract is made in duplicate, with Party
A holding one copy and Party B holding another copy, both copies shall take effect as of being signed and sealed by both parties. 

4. Any revisions to the contract shall be mutually
agreed by Party A and Party B and confirmed in writing. 

Party A: Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Zhang Liang 

(Special Stamp for Contractual Uses of Longduoduo
Health Technology Co., Ltd.) 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

(Stamp of Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 150102006603) 

Date of signing: June 20, 2023 
 Signed at: Hohhot 

5 

Sales Agency Agreement

Party A: Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150207MA13UKC301 

Legal representative: Duan Erfen 

Address: Room 727, 5B-301 Fulijiayuan Area, 12
Hatungaole Avenue, Jiuyuan District, Baotou City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150102MACN3N2449 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

Contact address: Daxue Science Park, Genghis Khan
Street, Xincheng District, Hohhot City 

Whereas Party A is a health consultation organization
legally established and has extensive customer resources and Party B is a professional health management organization and can provide
convenient, professional and effective health management service plans and specific service, based on resource complementarity and the
spirit of sincerity, equality and achieving win-win result, Party A and Party B reached an agreement as follows after friendly negotiation
for mutual compliance. 

Article 1 Term of contract 

The term of contract is from
 June 20, 2023 to June 20, 2026 , for a total of 3 years. 

Article 2 The matter of cooperation 

1. Party B is responsible for developing products
(or services) and Party A is responsible for promoting and sales. 

2. The specific products (or services) involved in
the cooperation between Party B and Party A include trioxygen autotransfusion, awakening brain and dredging collaterals, double blood
purification in Germany technology, hyperbaric trioxygen, colon hydrotherapy, intestinal flora transplantation, custom-made Juncao and
the combination of these items. 

If Party B is going to develop a new product (or
a new kind of service), Party B should inform Party A and Party A has the right to determine whether to sell the product (or service)
for Party B as it deems necessary. 

6 

Article 3 Way of cooperation 

Party B is the party responsible for providing service
for customers and shall ensure sufficient supply of service and products. In case of short supply, Party B shall inform Party A of suspending
selling in advance. Any losses resulting from short supply shall be borne by Party B; Party B shall be responsible for managing customers 
sales return. Any losses arising from sales return shall be borne by Party B. Within the scope of the matter of cooperation in the agreement,
Party A will not bear any responsibilities concerning inventory. 

When selling products or services of Party B to customers,
Party A shall obtain customer information and issue valid documents according to Party B s requirement so that Party B can serve
for customers. After the selling, Party A shall deliver sales information to Party B in time and both parties will check and confirm through
 Details of Sales Agency . After confirmation, both parties shall settle the fees according to the settlement amount agreed
by the item service, and Party A will no longer bear any other expenses except for this, including the corresponding extra expenses incurred
when customers require replacing products or service items. Party B needs to make a decision on whether to replace and bear the corresponding
expenses. 

The products and services that have been sold by
Party A and are agreed by Party A s customers to be provided by Party B before Party A and Party B sign the cooperation agreement
follow the above way of cooperation. Party B will act as the service provider to be responsible for providing all the products or services
and after-sales services to these customers. 

Article 4 Fees settlement 

1. Collection and pricing 

Party A can only implement the pricing plan for products
(or services) sold externally after negotiating with Party B. The temporary plan at present: considering there is a high sales and promotion
expense, marketing expenses can be reserved for Party A apart from the agency fee. The pricing of products (or services) sold by Party
A shall refer to the following rules: selling price =gross profit of Party A + Settlement price of Party B + marketing expenses reserved,
among them, the gross profit reference of Party A is 30 5 ), the marketing expenses reserved can generally less than 40 of
the selling price of products (or services); Party A and Party B shall negotiate additionally if the above range is surpassed. Party A
shall collect the full amount of products (or services) purchased by customers first and then pay to Party B according to the settlement
price (Item 2 of this article). 

7 

2. Service settlement between Party A and Party B
is as follows (Party A and Party B shall sign supplementary agreement if there are any changes): 

Service items 
 
 Unit price 
 (Rmb yuan/Time, 
 Course, Set) 
 
 Trioxygen autotransfusion 
 
 160 
 
 Awakening brain and dredging collaterals 
 
 1400 
 
 Double blood purification in Germany 
 
 11000 
 
 Hyperbaric trioxygen 
 
 800 
 
 Colon hydrotherapy 
 
 800 
 
 Intestinal flora transplantation 
 
 6000 
 
 Custom-made Juncao 
 
 2000 

3. After the contract is
signed, Party A will pay RMB 500,000 (in words: Five Hundred Thousand Yuan only) to Party B in a lump sum. The amount is used
to certify Party A s financial strength and sincere cooperation. Party A can ask for the refund any time and Party B shall
refund to Party A unconditionally; Party A can also use the amount to deduct the arrears payable to Party B after the cooperation
starts. Both parties shall settle after stamping on the Details of Sales Agency for confirmation. Within 10 workdays
after completion of reconciliation, Party A shall pay the service fees to Party B in a lump sum. 

Article 5 Rights and obligations of Party A 

1. Party A shall ensure that it has legal qualification
of health consultation and the behavior of providing sales to customers is compliant with the laws and regulations of China in force.
Party A is not allowed to obtain customer resources in illegal or improper means, otherwise, Party B has the right to terminate the contract. 

2. During the cooperation period between two parties,
Party B will identify and register obligations of performance according to the Details of Sales Agency , Invoices
for Sales and other bills provided by Party A. The performance obligations of Party B against customers include those concerning
the products (or services) purchased and related after-sales service. Party A needs to be responsible for the correctness and completeness
of the Details of Sales Agency it provides to Party B and Party A shall ensure the service evidences issued to customers
are recognized by Party B, true, identifiable and correspond to the list of customer entrustment. If there is a change in the Details
of Sales Agency , Party A shall provide Party B with the updated list in time; if Party B is unable to provide service in time since
the list is not updated in time, Party A shall bear any responsibilities arising thereof. 

3. Any contradictions, disputes and other matters
between Party A and customers in sales for the reasons of Party A shall be handled by Party A on its own, and any contradictions, disputes
and other matters arising from the supply of products or service in the charge of Party B shall be handled by Party B. 

Article 6 Party B s rights and obligations 

1. Relevant services provided by Party B shall comply
with national and industrial standards. 

2. Party B is qualified for carrying out relevant
products, including but not limited to workplace, staff, qualification (including qualifications of any third party cooperating with Party
B through a contract), any fees incurred shall be at Party B s cost. 

8 

3. When providing medical service, Party B shall
point out the items provided to customers and get their consent. 

4. Party B has the obligations of keeping the materials,
information and other data provided by Party A for the purpose specified therein confidential. Without the permission of Party A, Party
B and Party B s staff are not allowed to disclose Party A s business secret they get to know during cooperation to any third
party, nor can Party B and Party B s staff be allowed to disclose any of Party A s customer information, data and other relevant
information they get to know during the working process to any third party. 

5. Party B shall provide Party A with its valid business
license and relevant qualifications prior to signing of the contract and Party B shall be responsible for the authenticity and validity
of the said documentary evidences. 

6. Party B shall reasonably plan the consumption
schedule of items for customers and conduct follow-up services before and after treatment to ensure service quality. 

7. If there is a dispute between Party B and customers
due to poor service quality 

provided by Party B or damage caused by provision
of service, or other causes attributive to Party B, Party B shall be responsible for resolution on its own. 

There is a possible medical behavior in the service
provided by Party B. Considering the medical behavior has high professionality and is required national qualification, any problems
arising from the medical behavior are the responsibility of Party B and have nothing to do with Party A. 

8. If it is discovered by Party B that there is a
possible major hidden danger in the products or service during cooperation, Party B shall inform Party A in writing in time and property
handle the entrustment task to avoid a hidden danger. 

Article 7 Change, relief and termination of the
contract 

1. Party A and Party B can change or terminate the
contract through consensus. 

2. In the event that one party exercises the right
of termination without any reason, resulting in losses to the other party, except for the cause not attributive to the other party, the
party shall compensate for the direct losses incurred by the other party and the benefits that can be obtained by the other party after
performance of the contract, including the losses lost by the other party due to concluding the contract with the terminating party and
losing other opportunities of concluding a contract. 

3. After the contract is terminated and relieved,
Party B shall complete handover of relevant work within 2 months and elaborate relevant business status. 

Article 8 Responsibility for breach of contract 

1. If one party violates the obligations stipulated
in the contract, resulting in the contract being unable to be performed in whole or in part, and the contract purpose unable to be realized,
the observant party has the right to terminate the contract and ask the default party to compensate for the losses arising thereof. The
observant party has the right to claim for compensation of the fees incurred in the process of responsibility investigation against the
default party, including but not limited to attorney fees, travel fees, legal cost, and preservation fees, etc., which shall be borne
by the default party. 

9 

2. If Party B fails to supply as agreed therein,
Party A has the right to ask Party B to take remedial measures. For any losses caused to Party A, Party A has the right to ask Party B
to compensate. If Party B refuses to take remedial measures within 7 days after being requested by Party A, Party A has the right to terminate
the contract and ask Party B to pay 30 of the total contract price (subject to the amount actually paid by Party A) to be used as the
liquidated damages. 

3. If Party A delays in the paying the settlement
amount to Party B without reasonable 

cause, for each day overdue, Party A shall pay liquidated
damages for overdue payment to Party B according to 0.05 of the overdue payment each day. The total liquidated damages cannot
surpass 1 of the total contract price. 

Article 9 Other matters 

1. For matters not covered in the contract, both
parties can sign supplementary agreement through negotiation. The supplementary agreement has the same legal effect as the contract. 

2. During the performance process of the contract,
if there is a dispute, both parties shall negotiate to resolve first. If no agreement can be reached, either party has the right to file
a suit to the People s Court at Party A s site . 

3. The contract is made in duplicate, with Party
A holding one copy and Party B holding another copy, both copies shall take effect as of being signed and sealed by both parties. 

4. Any revisions to the contract shall be mutually
agreed by Party A and Party B and confirmed in writing. 

Party A: 
 Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health
Consulting Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Duan Erfen 

(Special Stamp for Contractual Uses of Inner
Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Co., Ltd.) 

Party
B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

(Stamp of Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 150102006603) 

Date of signing: June 20, 2023 
 Signed at: Hohhot 

10 

Sales Agency Agreement

Party A: Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150602MA7YN4JE2Q 

Legal representative: Guo Xiaozhen 

Contact address: Floor 16, Building K, Weibang Financial
Plaza, Dongsheng District, Ordos City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150102MACN3N2449 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

Contact address: Daxue Science Park, Genghis Khan
Street, Xincheng District, Hohhot City 

Whereas Party A is a health consultation organization
legally established and has extensive customer resources and Party B is a professional health management organization and can provide
convenient, professional and effective health management service plans and specific service, based on resource complementarity and the
spirit of sincerity, equality and achieving win-win result, Party A and Party B reached an agreement as follows after friendly negotiation
for mutual compliance. 

Article 1 Term of contract 

The term of contract is from June 20, 2023
 to June 20, 2026 , for a total of 3 years. 

Article 2 The matter of cooperation 

1. Party B is responsible for developing products
(or services) and Party A is responsible for promoting and sales. 

2. The specific products (or services) involved in
the cooperation between Party B and Party A include trioxygen autotransfusion, awakening brain and dredging collaterals, double blood
purification in Germany technology, hyperbaric trioxygen, colon hydrotherapy, intestinal flora transplantation, custom-made Juncao and
the combination of these items. 

If Party B is going to develop a new product (or
a new kind of service), Party B should inform Party A and Party A has the right to determine whether to sell the product (or service)
for Party B as it deems necessary. 

11 

Article 3 Way of cooperation 

Party B is the party responsible for providing service
for customers and shall ensure sufficient supply of service and products. In case of short supply, Party B shall inform Party A of suspending
selling in advance. Any losses resulting from short supply shall be borne by Party B; Party B shall be responsible for managing customers 
sales return. Any losses arising from sales return shall be borne by Party B. Within the scope of the matter of cooperation in the agreement,
Party A will not bear any responsibilities concerning inventory. 

When selling products or services of Party B to customers,
Party A shall obtain customer information and issue valid documents according to Party B s requirement so that Party B can serve
for customers. After the selling, Party A shall deliver sales information to Party B in time and both parties will check and confirm through
 Details of Sales Agency . After confirmation, both parties shall settle the fees according to the settlement amount agreed
by the item service, and Party A will no longer bear any other expenses except for this, including the corresponding extra expenses incurred
when customers require replacing products or service items. Party B needs to make a decision on whether to replace and bear the corresponding
expenses. 

The products and services that have been sold by
Party A and are agreed by Party A s customers to be provided by Party B before Party A and Party B sign the cooperation agreement
follow the above way of cooperation. Party B will act as the service provider to be responsible for providing all the products or services
and after-sales services to these customers. 

Article 4 Fees settlement 

1. Collection and pricing 

Party A can only implement the pricing plan for products
(or services) sold externally after negotiating with Party B. The temporary plan at present: considering there is a high sales and promotion
expense, marketing expenses can be reserved for Party A apart from the agency fee. The pricing of products (or services) sold by Party
A shall refer to the following rules: selling price =gross profit of Party A + Settlement price of Party B + marketing expenses reserved,
among them, the gross profit reference of Party A is 30 5 ), the marketing expenses reserved can generally less than 40 of
the selling price of products (or services); Party A and Party B shall negotiate additionally if the above range is surpassed. Party A
shall collect the full amount of products (or services) purchased by customers first and then pay to Party B according to the settlement
price (Item 2 of this article). 

2. Service settlement between Party A and Party B
is as follows (Party A and Party B shall sign supplementary agreement if there are any changes): 

Service items 
 Unit price 
 (Rmb 
 yuan/Time, 
 Course, Set) 
 
 Trioxygen autotransfusion 
 160 
 
 Awakening brain and dredging collaterals 
 1400 
 
 Double blood purification in Germany 
 11000 
 
 Hyperbaric trioxygen 
 800 
 
 Colon hydrotherapy 
 800 
 
 Intestinal flora transplantation 
 6000 
 
 Custom-made Juncao 
 2000 

12 

3. After the contract is signed, Party A
will pay RMB 500,000 (in words: Five Hundred Thousand Yuan only) to Party B in a lump sum. The amount is used to certify
Party A s financial strength and sincere cooperation. Party A can ask for the refund any time and Party B shall refund to
Party A unconditionally; Party A can also use the amount to deduct the arrears payable to Party B after the cooperation starts. Both
parties shall settle after stamping on the Details of Sales Agency for confirmation. Within 10 workdays after
completion of reconciliation, Party A shall pay the service fees to Party B in a lump sum. 

Article 5 Rights and obligations of Party A 

1. Party A shall ensure that it has legal qualification
of health consultation and the behavior of providing sales to customers is compliant with the laws and regulations of China in force.
Party A is not allowed to obtain customer resources in illegal or improper means, otherwise, Party B has the right to terminate the contract. 

2. During the cooperation period between two parties,
Party B will identify and register obligations of performance according to the Details of Sales Agency , Invoices
for Sales and other bills provided by Party A. The performance obligations of Party B against customers include those concerning
the products (or services) purchased and related after-sales service. Party A needs to be responsible for the correctness and completeness
of the Details of Sales Agency it provides to Party B and Party A shall ensure the service evidences issued to customers
are recognized by Party B, true, identifiable and correspond to the list of customer entrustment. If there is a change in the Details
of Sales Agency , Party A shall provide Party B with the updated list in time; if Party B is unable to provide service in time since
the list is not updated in time, Party A shall bear any responsibilities arising thereof. 

3. Any contradictions, disputes and other matters
between Party A and customers in sales for the reasons of Party A shall be handled by Party A on its own, and any contradictions, disputes
and other matters arising from the supply of products or service in the charge of Party B shall be handled by Party B. 

Article 6 Party B s rights and obligations 

1. Relevant services provided by Party B shall comply
with national and industrial standards. 

2. Party B is qualified for carrying out relevant
products, including but not limited to workplace, staff, qualification (including qualifications of any third party cooperating with Party
B through a contract), any fees incurred shall be at Party B s cost. 

3. When providing medical service, Party B shall
point out the items provided to customers and get their consent. 

4. Party B has the obligations of keeping the materials,
information and other data provided by Party A for the purpose specified therein confidential. Without the permission of Party A, Party
B and Party B s staff are not allowed to disclose Party A s business secret they get to know during cooperation to any third
party, nor can Party B and Party B s staff be allowed to disclose any of Party A s customer information, data and other relevant
information they get to know during the working process to any third party. 

13 

5. Party B shall provide Party A with its valid business
license and relevant qualifications prior to signing of the contract and Party B shall be responsible for the authenticity and validity
of the said documentary evidences. 

6. Party B shall reasonably plan the consumption
schedule of items for customers and conduct follow-up services before and after treatment to ensure service quality. 

7. If there is a dispute between Party B and
customers due to poor service quality provided by Party B or damage caused by provision of service, or other causes attributive to
Party B, Party B shall be responsible for resolution on its own. 

There is a possible medical behavior in the service
provided by Party B. Considering the medical behavior has high professionality and is required national qualification, any problems
arising from the medical behavior are the responsibility of Party B and have nothing to do with Party A. 

8. If it is discovered by Party B that there is a
possible major hidden danger in the products or service during cooperation, Party B shall inform Party A in writing in time and property
handle the entrustment task to avoid a hidden danger. 

Article 7 Change, relief and termination of the
contract 

1. Party A and Party B can change or terminate the
contract through consensus. 

2. In the event that one party exercises the right
of termination without any reason, resulting in losses to the other party, except for the cause not attributive to the other party, the
party shall compensate for the direct losses incurred by the other party and the benefits that can be obtained by the other party after
performance of the contract, including the losses lost by the other party due to concluding the contract with the terminating party and
losing other opportunities of concluding a contract. 

3. After the contract is terminated and relieved,
Party B shall complete handover of relevant work within 2 months and elaborate relevant business status. 

Article 8 Responsibility for breach of contract 

1. If one party violates the obligations stipulated
in the contract, resulting in the contract being unable to be performed in whole or in part, and the contract purpose unable to be realized,
the observant party has the right to terminate the contract and ask the default party to compensate for the losses arising thereof. The
observant party has the right to claim for compensation of the fees incurred in the process of responsibility investigation against the
default party, including but not limited to attorney fees, travel fees, legal cost, and preservation fees, etc., which shall be borne
by the default party. 

2. If Party B fails to supply as agreed therein,
Party A has the right to ask Party B to take remedial measures. For any losses caused to Party A, Party A has the right to ask Party B
to compensate. If Party B refuses to take remedial measures within 7 days after being requested by Party A, Party A has the right to terminate
the contract and ask Party B to pay 30 of the total contract price (subject to the amount actually paid by Party A) to be used as the
liquidated damages. 

3. If Party A delays in the paying the
settlement amount to Party B without reasonable cause, for each day overdue, Party A shall pay liquidated damages for overdue
payment to Party B according to 0.05 of the overdue payment each day. The total liquidated damages cannot surpass 1 of the
total contract price. 

14 

Article 9 Other matters 

1. For matters not covered in the contract,
both parties can sign supplementary agreement through negotiation. The supplementary agreement has the same legal effect as the
contract. 

2. During the performance process of the contract,
if there is a dispute, both parties shall negotiate to resolve first. If no agreement can be reached, either party has the right to file
a suit to the People s Court at Party A s site . 

3. The contract is made in duplicate, with Party
A holding one copy and Party B holding another copy, both copies shall take effect as of being signed and sealed by both parties. 

4.
Any revisions to the contract shall be mutually agreed by Party A and Party B and confirmed in writing. 

Party A: Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Guo Xiaozhen 

(Special Stamp for Contractual Uses of Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Co., Ltd.) 
 
 (Guo Xiaozhen 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

(Stamp of Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 150102006603) 
 
 (Wang Zhi) 

Date of signing: June 20, 2023 
 Signed at: Hohhot 

15 

Sales Agency Agreement

Party A: Inner Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150104MA13Q5X152 

Legal representative: Zhao Qingguo 

Address: 4th floor, Aihua Chinese Medicine Hospital,
64 Ordos Street, Yuquan District, Hohhot City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150102MACN3N2449 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

Contact address: Daxue Science Park, Genghis Khan
Street, Xincheng District, Hohhot City 

Whereas Party A is a health consultation organization
legally established and has extensive customer resources and Party B is a professional health management organization and can provide
convenient, professional and effective health management service plans and specific service, based on resource complementarity and the
spirit of sincerity, equality and achieving win-win result, Party A and Party B reached an agreement as follows after friendly negotiation
for mutual compliance. 

Article 1 Term of contract 

The term of contract is from June 20, 2023
 to June 20, 2026 , for a total of 3 years. 

Article 2 The matter of cooperation 

1. Party B is responsible for developing products
(or services) and Party A is responsible for promoting and sales. 

2. The specific products (or services) involved in
the cooperation between Party B and Party A include trioxygen autotransfusion, awakening brain and dredging collaterals, double blood
purification in Germany technology, hyperbaric trioxygen, colon hydrotherapy, intestinal flora transplantation, custom-made Juncao and
the combination of these items. 

If Party B is going to develop a new product
(or a new kind of service), Party B should inform Party A and Party A has the right to determine whether to sell the product (or
service) for Party B as it deems necessary. 

16 

Article 3 Way of cooperation 

Party B is the party responsible for providing service
for customers and shall ensure sufficient supply of service and products. In case of short supply, Party B shall inform Party A of suspending
selling in advance. Any losses resulting from short supply shall be borne by Party B; Party B shall be responsible for managing customers 
sales return. Any losses arising from sales return shall be borne by Party B. Within the scope of the matter of cooperation in the agreement,
Party A will not bear any responsibilities concerning inventory. 

When selling products or services of Party B to customers,
Party A shall obtain customer information and issue valid documents according to Party B s requirement so that Party B can serve
for customers. After the selling, Party A shall deliver sales information to Party B in time and both parties will check and confirm through
 Details of Sales Agency . After confirmation, both parties shall settle the fees according to the settlement amount agreed
by the item service, and Party A will no longer bear any other expenses except for this, including the corresponding extra expenses incurred
when customers require replacing products or service items. Party B needs to make a decision on whether to replace and bear the corresponding
expenses. 

The products and services that have been sold by
Party A and are agreed by Party A s customers to be provided by Party B before Party A and Party B sign the cooperation agreement
follow the above way of cooperation. Party B will act as the service provider to be responsible for providing all the products or services
and after-sales services to these customers. 

Article 4 Fees settlement 

1. Collection and pricing 

Party A can only implement the pricing plan for products
(or services) sold externally after negotiating with Party B. The temporary plan at present: considering there is a high sales and promotion
expense, marketing expenses can be reserved for Party A apart from the agency fee. The pricing of products (or services) sold by Party
A shall refer to the following rules: selling price =gross profit of Party A + Settlement price of Party B + marketing expenses reserved,
among them, the gross profit reference of Party A is 30 5 ), the marketing expenses reserved can generally less than 40 of
the selling price of products (or services); Party A and Party B shall negotiate additionally if the above range is surpassed. Party A
shall collect the full amount of products (or services) purchased by customers first and then pay to Party B according to the settlement
price (Item 2 of this article). 

2. Service settlement between Party A and Party B
is as follows (Party A and Party B shall sign supplementary agreement if there are any changes): 

Service items 
 Unit price 
 (Rmb yuan/Time, 
 Course, Set) 
 
 Trioxygen autotransfusion 
 160 
 
 Awakening brain and dredging collaterals 
 1400 
 
 Double blood purification in Germany 
 11000 
 
 Hyperbaric trioxygen 
 800 
 
 Colon hydrotherapy 
 800 
 
 Intestinal flora transplantation 
 6000 
 
 Custom-made Juncao 
 2000 

3. After the contract is signed, Party A
will pay RMB 500,000 (in words: Five Hundred Thousand Yuan only) to Party B in a lump sum. The amount is used to certify
Party A s financial strength and sincere cooperation. Party A can ask for the refund any time and Party B shall refund to
Party A unconditionally; Party A can also use the amount to deduct the arrears payable to Party B after the cooperation starts. Both
parties shall settle after stamping on the Details of Sales Agency for confirmation. Within 10 workdays after
completion of reconciliation, Party A shall pay the service fees to Party B in a lump sum. 

Article 5 Rights and obligations of Party A 

1. Party A shall ensure that it has legal qualification
of health consultation and the behavior of providing sales to customers is compliant with the laws and regulations of China in force.
Party A is not allowed to obtain customer resources in illegal or improper means, otherwise, Party B has the right to terminate the contract. 

2. During the cooperation period between two parties,
Party B will identify and register obligations of performance according to the Details of Sales Agency , Invoices
for Sales and other bills provided by Party A. The performance obligations of Party B against customers include those concerning
the products (or services) purchased and related after-sales service. Party A needs to be responsible for the correctness and completeness
of the Details of Sales Agency it provides to Party B and Party A shall ensure the service evidences issued to customers
are recognized by Party B, true, identifiable and correspond to the list of customer entrustment. If there is a change in the Details
of Sales Agency , Party A shall provide Party B with the updated list in time; if Party B is unable to provide service in time since
the list is not updated in time, Party A shall bear any responsibilities arising thereof. 

3. Any contradictions, disputes and other matters
between Party A and customers in sales for the reasons of Party A shall be handled by Party A on its own, and any contradictions, disputes
and other matters arising from the supply of products or service in the charge of Party B shall be handled by Party B. 

17 

Article 6 Party B s rights and obligations 

1. Relevant services provided by Party B shall comply
with national and industrial standards. 

2. Party B is qualified for carrying out relevant
products, including but not limited to workplace, staff, qualification (including qualifications of any third party cooperating with Party
B through a contract), any fees incurred shall be at Party B s cost. 

3. When providing medical service, Party B shall
point out the items provided to customers and get their consent. 

4. Party B has the obligations of keeping the materials,
information and other data provided by Party A for the purpose specified therein confidential. Without the permission of Party A, Party
B and Party B s staff are not allowed to disclose Party A s business secret they get to know during cooperation to any third
party, nor can Party B and Party B s staff be allowed to disclose any of Party A s customer information, data and other relevant
information they get to know during the working process to any third party. 

5. Party B shall provide Party A with its valid business
license and relevant qualifications prior to signing of the contract and Party B shall be responsible for the authenticity and validity
of the said documentary evidences. 

6. Party B shall reasonably plan the consumption
schedule of items for customers and conduct follow-up services before and after treatment to ensure service quality. 

7. If there is a dispute between Party B and
customers due to poor service quality provided by Party B or damage caused by provision of service, or other causes attributive to
Party B, Party B shall be responsible for resolution on its own. 

There is a possible medical behavior in the service
provided by Party B. Considering the medical behavior has high professionality and is required national qualification, any problems
arising from the medical behavior are the responsibility of Party B and have nothing to do with Party A. 

8. If it is discovered by Party B that there is a
possible major hidden danger in the products or service during cooperation, Party B shall inform Party A in writing in time and property
handle the entrustment task to avoid a hidden danger. 

18 

Article 7 Change, relief and termination of the
contract 

1. Party A and Party B can change or terminate the
contract through consensus. 

2. In the event that one party exercises the right
of termination without any reason, resulting in losses to the other party, except for the cause not attributive to the other party, the
party shall compensate for the direct losses incurred by the other party and the benefits that can be obtained by the other party after
performance of the contract, including the losses lost by the other party due to concluding the contract with the terminating party and
losing other opportunities of concluding a contract. 

3. After the contract is terminated and relieved,
Party B shall complete handover of relevant work within 2 months and elaborate relevant business status. 

Article 8 Responsibility for breach of contract 

1. If one party violates the obligations stipulated
in the contract, resulting in the contract being unable to be performed in whole or in part, and the contract purpose unable to be realized,
the observant party has the right to terminate the contract and ask the default party to compensate for the losses arising thereof. The
observant party has the right to claim for compensation of the fees incurred in the process of responsibility investigation against the
default party, including but not limited to attorney fees, travel fees, legal cost, and preservation fees, etc., which shall be borne
by the default party. 

2. If Party B fails to supply as agreed therein,
Party A has the right to ask Party B to take remedial measures. For any losses caused to Party A, Party A has the right to ask Party B
to compensate. If Party B refuses to take remedial measures within 7 days after being requested by Party A, Party A has the right to terminate
the contract and ask Party B to pay 30 of the total contract price (subject to the amount actually paid by Party A) to be used as the
liquidated damages. 

3. If Party A delays in the paying the
settlement amount to Party B without reasonable cause, for each day overdue, Party A shall pay liquidated damages for overdue
payment to Party B according to 0.05 of the overdue payment each day. The total liquidated damages cannot surpass 1 of the
total contract price. 

Article 9 Other matters 

1. For matters not covered in the contract, both
parties can sign supplementary agreement through negotiation. The supplementary agreement has the same legal effect as the contract. 

2. During the performance process of the contract,
if there is a dispute, both parties shall negotiate to resolve first. If no agreement can be reached, either party has the right to file
a suit to the People s Court at Party A s site . 

3. The contract is made in duplicate, with Party
A holding one copy and Party B holding another copy, both copies shall take effect as of being signed and sealed by both parties. 

4. Any revisions to the contract shall be mutually
agreed by Party A and Party B and confirmed in writing. 

Party A: Inner Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting Co., Ltd. 
 Legal representative: Zhao Qingguo 

(Special Stamp for Contractual Uses of Inner Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting Co., Ltd.) 

(Zhao Qingguo 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., 
Ltd. Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

(Stamp of Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 150102006603) 

Date of signing: June 20, 2023 
 Signed at: Hohhot 

19 

Sales Agency Agreement

Party A: Inner Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150902MA7YPWL408 

Legal representative: Li Yuqing 

Address: Building 8, Xingfu Commercial Plaza,
Xingfu Avenue, Jining District, Wulanchabu City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region 

Party B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 

Uniform social credit code: 91150102MACN3N2449 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

Contact address: Daxue Science Park, Genghis Khan
Street, Xincheng District, Hohhot City 

Whereas Party A is a health consultation organization
legally established and has extensive customer resources and Party B is a professional health management organization and can provide
convenient, professional and effective health management service plans and specific service, based on resource complementarity and the
spirit of sincerity, equality and achieving win-win result, Party A and Party B reached an agreement as follows after friendly negotiation
for mutual compliance. 

Article 1 Term of contract 

The term of contract is from
 June 20, 2023 to June 20, 2026 , for a total of 3 years. 

Article 2 The matter of cooperation 

1. Party B is responsible for developing products
(or services) and Party A is responsible for promoting and sales. 

2. The specific products (or services) involved in
the cooperation between Party B and Party A include trioxygen autotransfusion, awakening brain and dredging collaterals, double blood
purification in Germany technology, hyperbaric trioxygen, colon hydrotherapy, intestinal flora transplantation, custom-made Juncao and
the combination of these items. 

If Party B is going to develop a new product (or
a new kind of service), Party B should inform Party A and Party A has the right to determine whether to sell the product (or service)
for Party B as it deems necessary. 

20 

Article 3 Way of cooperation 

Party B is the party responsible for providing service
for customers and shall ensure sufficient supply of service and products. In case of short supply, Party B shall inform Party A of suspending
selling in advance. Any losses resulting from short supply shall be borne by Party B; Party B shall be responsible for managing customers 
sales return. Any losses arising from sales return shall be borne by Party B. Within the scope of the matter of cooperation in the agreement,
Party A will not bear any responsibilities concerning inventory. 

When selling products or services of Party B to customers,
Party A shall obtain customer information and issue valid documents according to Party B s requirement so that Party B can serve
for customers. After the selling, Party A shall deliver sales information to Party B in time and both parties will check and confirm through
 Details of Sales Agency . After confirmation, both parties shall settle the fees according to the settlement amount agreed
by the item service, and Party A will no longer bear any other expenses except for this, including the corresponding extra expenses incurred
when customers require replacing products or service items. Party B needs to make a decision on whether to replace and bear the corresponding
expenses. 

The products and services that have been sold by
Party A and are agreed by Party A s customers to be provided by Party B before Party A and Party B sign the cooperation agreement
follow the above way of cooperation. Party B will act as the service provider to be responsible for providing all the products or services
and after-sales services to these customers. 

Article 4 Fees settlement 

1. Collection and pricing 

Party A can only implement the pricing plan for products
(or services) sold externally after negotiating with Party B. The temporary plan at present: considering there is a high sales and promotion
expense, marketing expenses can be reserved for Party A apart from the agency fee. The pricing of products (or services) sold by Party
A shall refer to the following rules: selling price =gross profit of Party A + Settlement price of Party B + marketing expenses reserved,
among them, the gross profit reference of Party A is 30 5 ), the marketing expenses reserved can generally less than 40 of
the selling price of products (or services); Party A and Party B shall negotiate additionally if the above range is surpassed. Party A
shall collect the full amount of products (or services) purchased by customers first and then pay to Party B according to the settlement
price (Item 2 of this article). 

21 

2. Service settlement between Party A and Party B
is as follows (Party A and Party B shall sign supplementary agreement if there are any changes): 

Service items 
 Unit price 
 (Rmb yuan/Time, 
 Course, Set) 
 
 Trioxygen autotransfusion 
 160 
 
 Awakening brain and dredging collaterals 
 1400 
 
 Double blood purification in Germany 
 11000 
 
 Hyperbaric trioxygen 
 800 
 
 Colon hydrotherapy 
 800 
 
 Intestinal flora transplantation 
 6000 
 
 Custom-made Juncao 
 2000 

3. After the contract is
signed, Party A will pay RMB 500,000 (in words: Five Hundred Thousand Yuan only) to Party B in a lump sum. The amount is used
to certify Party A s financial strength and sincere cooperation. Party A can ask for the refund any time and Party B shall
refund to Party A unconditionally; Party A can also use the amount to deduct the arrears payable to Party B after the cooperation
starts. Both parties shall settle after stamping on the Details of Sales Agency for confirmation. Within 10 workdays
after completion of reconciliation, Party A shall pay the service fees to Party B in a lump sum. 

Article 5 Rights and obligations of Party A 

1. Party A shall ensure that it has legal qualification
of health consultation and the behavior of providing sales to customers is compliant with the laws and regulations of China in force.
Party A is not allowed to obtain customer resources in illegal or improper means, otherwise, Party B has the right to terminate the contract. 

2. During the cooperation period between two parties,
Party B will identify and register obligations of performance according to the Details of Sales Agency , Invoices
for Sales and other bills provided by Party A. The performance obligations of Party B against customers include those concerning
the products (or services) purchased and related after-sales service. Party A needs to be responsible for the correctness and completeness
of the Details of Sales Agency it provides to Party B and Party A shall ensure the service evidences issued to customers
are recognized by Party B, true, identifiable and correspond to the list of customer entrustment. If there is a change in the Details
of Sales Agency , Party A shall provide Party B with the updated list in time; if Party B is unable to provide service in time since
the list is not updated in time, Party A shall bear any responsibilities arising thereof. 

3. Any contradictions, disputes and other matters
between Party A and customers in sales for the reasons of Party A shall be handled by Party A on its own, and any contradictions, disputes
and other matters arising from the supply of products or service in the charge of Party B shall be handled by Party B. 

22 

Article 6 Party B s rights and obligations 

1. Relevant services provided by Party B shall comply
with national and industrial standards. 

2. Party B is qualified for carrying out relevant
products, including but not limited to workplace, staff, qualification (including qualifications of any third party cooperating with Party
B through a contract), any fees incurred shall be at Party B s cost. 

3. When providing medical service, Party B shall
point out the items provided to customers and get their consent. 

4. Party B has the obligations of keeping the materials,
information and other data provided by Party A for the purpose specified therein confidential. Without the permission of Party A, Party
B and Party B s staff are not allowed to disclose Party A s business secret they get to know during cooperation to any third
party, nor can Party B and Party B s staff be allowed to disclose any of Party A s customer information, data and other relevant
information they get to know during the working process to any third party. 

5. Party B shall provide Party A with its valid business
license and relevant qualifications prior to signing of the contract and Party B shall be responsible for the authenticity and validity
of the said documentary evidences. 

6. Party B shall reasonably plan the consumption
schedule of items for customers and conduct follow-up services before and after treatment to ensure service quality. 

7. If there is a dispute between Party B and customers
due to poor service quality 

provided by Party B or damage caused by provision
of service, or other causes attributive to Party B, Party B shall be responsible for resolution on its own. 

There is a possible medical behavior in the service
provided by Party B. Considering the medical behavior has high professionality and is required national qualification, any problems
arising from the medical behavior are the responsibility of Party B and have nothing to do with Party A. 

8.
If it is discovered by Party B that there is a possible major hidden danger in the products or service during cooperation, Party B shall
inform Party A in writing in time and property handle the entrustment task to avoid a hidden danger. 

23 

Article 7 Change, relief and termination of the
contract 

1. Party A and Party B can change or terminate the
contract through consensus. 

2. In the event that one party exercises the right
of termination without any reason, resulting in losses to the other party, except for the cause not attributive to the other party, the
party shall compensate for the direct losses incurred by the other party and the benefits that can be obtained by the other party after
performance of the contract, including the losses lost by the other party due to concluding the contract with the terminating party and
losing other opportunities of concluding a contract. 

3. After the contract is terminated and relieved,
Party B shall complete handover of relevant work within 2 months and elaborate relevant business status. 

Article 8 Responsibility for breach of contract 

1. If one party violates the obligations stipulated
in the contract, resulting in the contract being unable to be performed in whole or in part, and the contract purpose unable to be realized,
the observant party has the right to terminate the contract and ask the default party to compensate for the losses arising thereof. The
observant party has the right to claim for compensation of the fees incurred in the process of responsibility investigation against the
default party, including but not limited to attorney fees, travel fees, legal cost, and preservation fees, etc., which shall be borne
by the default party. 

2. If Party B fails to supply as agreed therein,
Party A has the right to ask Party B to take remedial measures. For any losses caused to Party A, Party A has the right to ask Party B
to compensate. If Party B refuses to take remedial measures within 7 days after being requested by Party A, Party A has the right to terminate
the contract and ask Party B to pay 30 of the total contract price (subject to the amount actually paid by Party A) to be used as the
liquidated damages. 

3. If Party A delays in the paying the settlement
amount to Party B without reasonable 

cause, for each day overdue, Party A shall pay liquidated
damages for overdue payment to Party B according to 0.05 of the overdue payment each day. The total liquidated damages cannot
surpass 1 of the total contract price. 

24 

Article 9 Other matters 

1. For matters not covered in the contract, both
parties can sign supplementary agreement through negotiation. The supplementary agreement has the same legal effect as the contract. 

2. During the performance process of the contract,
if there is a dispute, both parties shall negotiate to resolve first. If no agreement can be reached, either party has the right to file
a suit to the People s Court at Party A s site . 

3. The contract is made in duplicate, with Party
A holding one copy and Party B holding another copy, both copies shall take effect as of being signed and sealed by both parties. 

4. Any revisions to the contract shall be mutually
agreed by Party A and Party B and confirmed in writing. 

Party A: Inner Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting
Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Li Yuqing 

(Special Stamp for Contractual Uses of Inner
Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Co., Ltd.) 

Party
B: Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., Ltd. 

Legal representative: Wang Zhi 

(Stamp of Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management
Co., Ltd. 150102006603) 

Date of signing: June 20, 2023 
 Signed at: Hohhot 

25 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-14>
 3
 ea021603901ex14_longduo.htm
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

Exhibit 14 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY LIMITED 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

November 30, 2023 

Longduoduo
Company Limited (the Company is adopting this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code to formalize the Company s continuing expectations regarding ethical conduct. This Code applies to the directors, officers and employees
of the Company and each of its subsidiaries. 

This Code
is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, regarding the adoption of a code of ethics for
senior officers, the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards regarding the adoption of a code of conduct for directors, officers and employees,
and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 

Honest and Ethical Conduct 

The Company
is committed to conducting its business in accordance with the highest ethical principles. Each director, officer and employee is expected
to conduct his or her affairs with uncompromising honesty and integrity. Specifically, each director, officer and employee must: 

(i) Adhere to a high standard of honesty and integrity and not
seek competitive advantage through unlawful or unethical business practices. 

(ii) Become familiar with, and conduct the Company s business
in compliance with, applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations. 

(iii) Treat all customers and suppliers honestly. 

(iv) Promote equal opportunity for all directors, officers and
employees while providing a work environment free of any form of discrimination or harassment. 

(v) Safeguard and properly use the Company s proprietary
information assets and other resources. 

(vi) Maintain confidentiality of nonpublic information and not
act on such information for personal gain. 

(vii) Maintain the skills necessary and relevant to serve the Company s
needs. 

(viii) Achieve responsible use of and control over all assets and
resources employed by or entrusted to each such person. 

(ix) Promptly report to the Audit Committee any violation of this
Code. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each director,
officer and employee has an obligation to act in the best interests of the Company and is expected to avoid engaging in activities that
create an actual or apparent conflict between his or her personal interests and the interests of the Company. A conflict of interest may
arise when a director, officer or employee takes an action or has a personal interest that may influence his or her objectivity or the
exercise of sound, ethical business judgment. The following situations are examples of conflict of interest situations: 

(a) Owning or holding a substantial financial interest in a company
which has material business dealings with the Company or which engages in any significant line of business engaged in by the Company. 

(b) Acting as a director or officer for any business enterprise
with which the Company has a competitive or significant business relationship, unless so requested or approved by the Company. 

Page 1 of 3 

(c) Accepting gifts, payments, or services of significant value
from those seeking to do business with the Company. 

(d) Knowingly competing with the Company in the purchase or sale
of property or diverting from the Company a business opportunity in which the Company has or is likely to have an interest. 

(e) Placing of Company business with a firm owned or controlled
by a Company employee, officer or director without the prior specific approval of the Board of Directors (the Board ). 

It is
the Company s policy that actual or apparent conflicts of interest are to be avoided if possible and must be fully disclosed to
the full board of directors. Any material transaction or relationship involving a potential conflict of interest must be approved in advance
by the board. In addition, each related party transaction of the Company must be reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.
For these purposes, a related party transaction shall be determined in accordance with the following definitions: 

Immediate Family Member means
any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or
sister-in-law of a person, and any person (other than a tenant or an employee) sharing the household of such person. 

Related Party means any person
who is or was (since the beginning of the last fiscal year for which the Company has filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K and proxy statement,
even if such person does not presently serve in that role) an executive officer, director or nominee for director of the Company, any
shareholder owning more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities, or an Immediate Family Member of any such person. 

Related Party Transaction means
any transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which (i) the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is or will be a participant, and (ii) any Related Party has or will have a direct or indirect interest. This
also includes any material amendment or modification to an existing Related Party Transaction. 

Disclosure 

The Company s
public filings, including its filings with the SEC, must be full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable. Depending on his or her
position with the Company, any director, officer or employee may be called upon from time to time to provide information necessary to
achieve this objective. The Company expects each director, officer and employee to take this responsibility very seriously and to provide
full, fair, and accurate information upon request in a timely and understandable manner. 

Each director,
officer and employee must promptly bring to the attention of the Company s Audit Committee any material information of which that
individual has become aware that affects the disclosures made by the Company in its public filings or otherwise, and to otherwise assist
the Audit Committee in fulfilling its responsibilities. 

In addition,
each director, officer and employee must promptly bring to the attention of the Audit Committee any information that the individual may
have concerning (a) deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company s internal controls which could materially affect the
Company s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data or (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
any officer, or that involves an employee who has a significant role in the Company s financial reporting, disclosures, or internal
controls. 

Compliance with Laws 

The Company has always required
that all of its employees conduct the Company s operations in accordance with all applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations.
Each director, officer and employee has the obligation to understand those laws, rules and regulations that apply to them in the performance
of their jobs and to take such steps as are necessary to ensure that the Company s operations with which they are involved are
conducted in conformity with those laws. The failure of a director, officer or employee to strictly adhere to the letter and the spirit
of the law could result in both personal and corporate criminal liability. 

Page 2 of 3 

Reporting and Accountability 

Each director,
officer and employee is personally accountable for his or her adherence to this Code. Any violation of the Code must be promptly reported
to the Audit Committee. 

Upon receiving
a report alleging a violation of the Code, the Audit Committee, or its designee, shall investigate the alleged violation of this Code.
In the event the Audit Committee determines that a violation has occurred, the Audit Committee shall make a recommendation to the board
of directors of the action to be taken. The board of directors shall make the final determination of the action to be taken, provided
that any board member alleged to have violated this Code shall not be entitled to vote on such action. Such action may include, if appropriate,
termination of employment and reporting of violations to applicable government authorities. 

Waiver 

Any waiver
of this Code for executive officer or directors may be made only by the board of directors. Such waivers must be disclosed to stockholders
to the extent required by applicable law. 

Page 3 of 3 

</EX-14>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ea021603901ex31-1_longduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Zhou Hongxiao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Longduoduo Company Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 /s/ Zhou Hongxiao 

Zhou Hongxiao, Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ea021603901ex31-2_longduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Kang Liping, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Longduoduo Company Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 /s/ Kang Liping 

Kang Liping, Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ea021603901ex32-1_longduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Longduoduo
Company Limited. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zhou Hongxiao, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 Dated: October 15, 2024 

Zhou Hongxiao 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive
Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ea021603901ex32-2_longduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Longduoduo
Company Limited. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kang Liping, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Kang Liping 
 
 Dated: October 15, 2024 

Kang Liping 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lddc-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lddc-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lddc-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lddc-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lddc-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

